the archdiocese 's finance council thinks that this agreement may force the catholic archdiocese of boston into bankruptcy as the cases of the alleged sexual abuse keep surfacing , and on the other hand , " the situation has changed dramatically since the process leading to the agreement started . "
the 66-year-old geoghan was recently sentenced to 10 years ' imprisonment for his sexual molestation of a 10-year-old boy in 1991 .
the defrocked priest also faces other criminal trials and scores of civil lawsuits .
us and india to conduct first joint military exercise in mid-may in 4 decades
( afp , new delhi ) the united states and india will conduct their first joint military exercise in 39 years to mark a milestone in the cooperation between the two largest democracies in the world .
the ministry of national defense said that in mid-may , an elite brigade of indian paratroopers will conduct a joint military exercise with the special forces of the us pacific command near the renowned taj mahal .
the air forces from the two nations will provide support .
the ministry of national defense said it will be the first of the many military exercises to be conducted by the two nations .
the relations between the united states and india were strained during the cold war era . however , the situation has been dramatically improved since the sept. 11 terrorist attacks in new york and washington d.c .
apart from patrolling the sea with the us navy in the strait of malacca between indonesia and malaysia so as to prevent any acts of piracy , india in recent years has also conducted joint military exercises with britain , france and japan .
a spokesman from the ministry of national defense of india said : " the upcoming exercise aims at further enhancing the military cooperation between india and the united states . "
the last time india conducted a joint military exercise with the united states was a year after a brief border war between india and china in 1962 .
since last july , about 50 us policy makers have visited india while about an equal number of people from india , including prime minister vajpayee and his national security team , paid visits to washington d.c .
after the sept. 11 terrorist attacks , and the attack on the national parliament in new delhi last december that led to military tensions between india and pakistan , there have been increased contacts between the united states and india .
the diplomat said that the national defense policy makers in the united states and india decided on the mid-may military exercise in february partly because they also wanted to ease new delhi 's discomfort over the strengthening relationship between the united states and pakistan .
south african space tourist back to earth after his space travel
( afp , moscow ) south african space tourist shuttleworth was back to earth on the 5th . the russian spacecraft he had boarded undocked smoothly from the international space station at 7:31 a.m. taipei time and successfully landed on the steppe in northwestern kazakhstan in central asia at 11:51 .
shuttleworth is the second paying space tourist in history after the american citizen tito .
both he and tito paid 20 million us dollars for their chance of space travel .
shuttleworth boarded a russian spacecraft on april 25 to enter space where he stayed for 10 days to conduct a series of medical and biological science experiments .
returning together with shuttleworth to earth are the russian spacecraft commander gidzenko and the italian engineer vittori who entered space with him .
after the spacecraft landed on terra firma , shuttleworth and his two partners will be first given a physical exam before boarding a helicopter to fly to astana in kazakhstan where they will be transferred to the russian capital moscow on the same day .
shuttleworth , who just turned 28 this year , is a very wealthy computer information businessman . he paid 20 million us dollars for this space trip , fulfilling his dream of a 10-day space travel .
the first space tourist in human history is tito , a businessman who turned 60 this year . he went on his space travel as a paying tourist in april last year .
the russian medical specialists pointed out earlier that shuttleworth is more suitable for space travel than tito .
during this space travel , he conducted a number of scientific experiments at the international space station , including a study on aids pathogens .
shuttleworth 's space travel has drawn great publicity in south africa and won the honor of being the most important news event since mandela 's release from prison .
us government not impressed by castro 's goodwill stance to carter
( afp , washington ) the us president bush 's administration is not impressed by the goodwill stance the cuban president castro has extended to former us president carter who is making a landmark visit to the communist island nation cuba .
castro expressed his willingness to allow carter to meet freely with dissidents and visit all areas , including those labs that washington has alleged are manufacturing key biological weapon components .
the white house and the state department said these proposals are meaningless .
the us state department spokeswoman cassel said : " president carter is visiting cuba as a private citizen . he has not been sent there to inspect possible facilities of chemical or biological weapons . "
her brief remark seems to echo the response of other commentators who pointed out that neither carter nor the other members of his delegation have any science background necessary for a proper inspection of the labs .
carter insisted that there was no mention of the us concern over cuba 's plan for biological weapons while he was briefed by the government officials , but the us secretary of state powell indicated he did not believe this .
powell told abc network : " i do n't know what briefing president carter was given . i am certain that we have no reservation
about our belief that cuba possesses the research capabilities for biological warfare . "
napster ceo hilbers resigns
( afp , san francisco ) napster , the once all-popular company for free music downloading , said that its chief executive hilbers has resigned , effective immediately .
it is still unknown at present who will be hilbers ' replacement .
napster 's music website has remained closed as of today ever since the court ruled last year that its service had given rise to wide-spread copying .
after napster 's music website was shut down , many other websites have taken its place .
the redwood city , california-based napster stated : " we deeply regret that we have n't got a solution to funding yet that would enable napster to launch a service to benefit artists and website users . "
it went on to say : " we will take measures in the coming week to further cut expenses . "
hilbers , once an executive officer of the german media giant bertelsmann , took the position of napster ceo at a time when bertelsmann started to help the struggling napster to continue its operation within the framework of the court ruling .
oecd ministers examine outlook of world economy in paris
( afp , paris ) senior ministers from the major industrial nations in the world met in paris on the 15th for a 2-day meeting . they will examine the future of a promising economy as well as confront the looming division caused by the trade dispute between the united states and europe .
representatives from the 30 member nations of the organization for economic cooperation and development will also concern themselves with the conflict arising from the efforts of rich and poor nations as they abridge the gap between them .
however , the discussion on macroeconomics may be eclipsed by the escalating trade friction between the united states and the european union .
leaders from the european nations expressed their indignation on a bill signed by president bush on the 13th that will allow the government to increase its subsidies to the us farmers by 70% over the next decade .
the eu officials think the bill violates the promise the united states made at the wto ministerial conference held in doha , capital of qatar , last november on terminating its farm export subsidies .
at the forum prior to the opening ceremony of the ministerial meeting , belgian prime minister verhofstadt said : " it is hypocritical to talk with eloquence about the market liberalization yet fail to implement it . "
mid-term election may slow down us efforts to promote free trade
( afp , washington ) economists and analysts say that many of the additional trade barriers imposed to woo voters in all constituencies in the mid-term election may slow down the ever ongoing us efforts to promote global free trade .
economist schott from the institute for international economics , a washington think tank , said : " us president bush is determined to put the political goal above that of promoting a sound us economy . "
the bush administration , said he , succumbing to pressures from the steel industry and its labor union , levies a tariff of as high as 30% on certain steel products from a number of major suppliers , including the eu , russia , japan and brazil .
in addition , bush also imposes an anti-dumping tariff of 27% on a certain kind of lumber from canada to be used as building material on the ground that the canadian government 's export subsidies on the lumber have constituted dumping .
schott said , what is more aggravating is that in the recently promulgated " farm bill , " the us federal government has increased subsidies on certain farm products by nearly 80% , grossly violating the promise the united states made in the trade negotiations held last november in doha , capital of qatar .
at doha conference , the united states insisted on the liberalization of farm trade so as to help facilitate the access of farm products of poor nations into the markets of rich nations .
correspondingly , under the free trade , developed nations will also find it easier to provide poor nations with their products and services .
the damage of this us farm bill to the free trade , said schott , has far surpassed the damage brought about by the measure of imposing tariffs on steel imports .
us government officials defend government 's handling of warnings of terrorist attacks
( afp , washington ) senior us officials scrambled to defend the government 's handling of the warnings prior to the sept. 11 terrorist attacks , the reports alleged , that included the warning that terrorists under osama bin laden might hijack us commercial airlines .
secretary of defense rumsfeld insisted in nbc 's today show that president bush " did what he should , namely , to go all out to pursue the global terrorist organizations and do everything in his power to deal with the nations that harbor these terrorists . "
he said that terrorists " may attack at any time and by any means available . it would be practically impossible to protect all locations at all times . "
us vice president cheney , on the other hand , warned the democrats last night " to be extra cautious and not to seek political interests by making incendiary remarks such as saying the white house had received advance information and could have prevented the bloody sept. 11 attacks . "
after the white house admitted on the night of the 15th that bush had received the warning prior to the sept. 11 terrorist attacks that terrorists might hijack us commercial airplanes , the government came under fire .
british airways posts first annual loss in 15 years
( afp , london ) as reported by british airways , although the amount of loss is smaller than expected , british airways has posted its first annual loss since its privatization 15 years ago .
in the previous fiscal year that ended at the end of march , british airways ' pre-tax loss is 200 million ( 320 million euros or 290 million us dollars ) against a restated profit of 150 million the preceding year .
in the fourth quarter alone , british airways lost 85 million , compared with a loss of 65 million a year ago .
the former state-owned british airways blamed the poor performance on the sept. 11 terrorist attacks of last year , a global economic slowdown , and the foot-and-mouth disease which kept foreign tourists away from britain .
the annual dividend , said british airways , was thus scrapped .
eddington , the airline 's chief executive , said : " the airline market is expected to remain weak but the quick and decisive actions we have taken have shown we are determined to return the business to acceptable levels of profitability . "
however , the result still beat the market expectation that british airways would lose even more .
in the early trading session at the stock market , the ba shares rose 2.6% to 241.75 pence .
this price was 8% down from the price shortly before the september 11 attacks ; yet compared with the highest price of 760 pence in may 1997 , it was down by almost 70% .
bush : us not to lift embargo until cuba holds free elections
( afp , washington ) us president bush said that only if cuba holds elections " that can be proved to be free and fair " and promotes the reform in the economic system will the united states lift the 41-year-old embargo against cuba .
bush said in a speech at the white house : " only till then will i work with the us congress to remove the embargo on the trade and travel between the united states and cuba . "
he said : " trade with cuba will only help castro . "
former us president jimmy carter went to cuba for a week 's visit and called for the united states to lift the embargo in this only communist country in the americas .
merely 48 hours after he returned to the united states , bush made this most recent speech of his on cuba .
bush proposed in his speech to step up the humanitarian assistance to cuba and reach agreements directly with the cuban people through non-governmental agencies .
he also indicated that the united states will hold negotiations with cuba on resuming direct mail service between the two countries .
the issue has so far been consistently rejected by the cuban government .
death toll rose as overnight shelling went on at india-pakistan border
( afp , jammu , india ) the indian police said that pakistan 's shelling last night at the disputed kashmir border area left one indian soldier and three civilians dead , including two children .
the shelling took place in baramulla area 75 km west of jammu , the winter capital in southern india .
police sources said that the pakistani military bombarded this area throughout the night with heavy mortar fire and rocket-propelled grenades . one mortar hit a residential structure , killing two children and one adult .
one soldier died in the cross-border shelling in the same area .
in addition , it is reported that poonch area near jammu , along the kashmir demarcation of control separating india from pakistani territories , also came under heavy artillery fires throughout last night .
in the meantime , an official said that in the shelling that was resumed this morning , india 's shelling on the pakistan-controlled kashmir has caused the death toll of pakistanis to rise to 12 .
irish soccer team captain keane announces he will retire after world cup
( afp , dublin ) captain roy keane , the heart and soul of the irish soccer team , announced that he will retire after the world cup , whereas even yesterday he still threatened to quit the representative team .
the british manchester united midfielder made the above announcement in an emotional interview with irish tv station .
during the interview , he lashed out at ireland for not making adequate preparation for this world cup .
the irish representative team is currently training on saipan in the pacific ocean .
keane once threatened to quit the representative team this week , but offered again to stay just a few hours later , throwing the irish team into confusion .
the real reason why keane threatened to quit and again offered to stay remains a mystery . yet he said today that the irish team deserves the blame for failing to make appropriate preparation for the training prior to the world cup .
he said : " i 've come over here to play the soccer well , and i hope people around me want to play the soccer well too . "
he said : " there would be no point if i did n't think we have a common goal ; furthermore , it 's been going on like this for quite a while . "
he said : " regarding some issues about the trip , i 'd like to bang my head against a wall .
from training facilities to all kinds of problems , this trip is just a tip of iceberg . "
he said : " you 've seen the training pitch and i 'm not being self-conceited .
the training pitch , travel arrangements , getting through the customs when we 're leaving the airport , there are tons of problems . "
bush arrives in russia for historic summit
( afp , moscow ) us president bush arrived in moscow today to hold a historic summit on new arms reduction measures and on shaping a 21st-century partnership between the two nations who were once bitter foes .
while moscow is preparing in a grand style for the first visit from president bush , the entire russian capital has stepped up security . one newspaper even cautions the muscovites to watch for the us secret service snipers .
ms. khakamada , a liberal member of the state duma , said : " i am very optimistic , not only because of the documents that we expect to sign , but also because of the real , mutual economic interests finally unfolding . "
she said : " for the first time , the kremlin is leading the foreign policy instead of following the public opinion polls that still do not trust the united states . "
bush and putin will hold their first meeting on the 24th and will sign at the kremlin the first nuclear arms reduction treaty in a decade , along with a border strategic partnership agreement before the meeting concludes .
the arms reduction treaty is the result of painstaking mutual efforts that once threatened to fail yet succeeded just now .
it stipulates that both sides reduce nuclear arms by two-thirds over the next decade , maintaining their nuclear warheads between 1,700 and 2,200 respectively .
the leaders of the two countries will also sign documents to reinforce their unexpectedly strong cooperation in a war against terrorism and a key policy paper aimed at coordinating their energy policies .
rogozin , chairman of state duma 's foreign affairs committee , said : " for the first time , we are moving from relations based on deterrence to a real partnership based on equality . "
pakistan succeeds in test-firing second missile
( afp , islamabad ) in the wake of the first missile test yesterday that has drawn international condemnation that the test would intensify the tensions with the neighboring india , pakistan again succeeded in test-firing its second anti-ballistic missile today .
the announcement said that what was tested today is the newly-developed short-range surface-to-surface hatf-iii ( ghaznavi ) missile .
this is the first time that this type of missile has been test-fired that has a range of 290 km .
yesterday , pakistan test-fired a nuclear-capable hatf-v ( ghauri ) missile that can penetrate deep into indian territory .
in the meantime , pakistani president musharraf indicated that although pakistan does n't want any conflict with india , it is preparing for war .
musharraf said at the muslim conference being held here : " we do n't want wars , but we are not afraid of wars .
we are preparing for war .
nobody should have any misunderstanding about this . "
pakistan and india have massed about 1 million troops along their common border and have been exchanging bellicose statements . they have also been exchanging fires in the endlessly disputed kashmir in the past week .
japanese sporting goods firm bankrupt due to poor sales of world cup merchandise
( afp , tokyo ) a former employee said while the world cup fever continues to rage through japan , a small japanese sporting goods firm has been forced onto the path to bankruptcy for owing the huge license fee for manufacturing the world cup goods .
crix yasuda , a firm located in tokyo , applied to the court for bankruptcy protection on may 8 due to poor sales of the 20 items of its promoted merchandise featuring a world cup mascot logo , including bags and whistles .
the former company employee , who declined to be named , said : " our company has gone bankrupt as piles of the world cup mascot goods sit in our warehouse . we could not pay the license fee of 50 million yen ( 400,000 us dollars ) to fifa . "
the employee said : " we entrusted a chinese company to manufacture the goods in china and started to sell the merchandise in japan in may last year .
now the world cup fever is raging , but our company went bankrupt even before the fever arrived . "
established in 1932 , crix yasuda marketed soccer gear , including boots and kit . it employed a total of 12 employees .
a figure for the company 's liabilities was not immediately available .
fifa 's 2002 world cup mascots are the blue , purple and yellow spheriks respectively named nik , kaz and ato , but the mascots have failed to win the favor of the public in japan .
the world cup soccer tournament jointly hosted by japan and south korea will start on may 31 .
according to the official fifa website , the names of the players nik and kaz , and the coach ato were chosen in a vote by soccer fans from all over the world , but the association between the names above and the soccer is obscure .
fifa and south korea 's and japan 's organizing committees for the world cup started a full-scale campaign with much fanfare to promote the above mascots generated by computer 3d animation technology in december 1999 .
pakistan 's president to make a speech on imminent threat of war
( afp , islamabad ) since pakistan 's missile tests on the weekend have escalated the tensions between pakistan and india , pakistan 's president musharraf is scheduled to make a national televised speech tonight on the imminent threat of war between the two nations and explain the actions his government will take in response to this situation .
pakistan , having indicated it would conduct a series of missile tests from the 25th to the 28th , has ignored the international appeal for restraints and test-fired two types of missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads - - a " ghauri " medium-range missile capable of penetrating india and a newly-developed " ghaznavi " short-range missile .
international leaders led by us president bush have shown concerns over the missile tests . bush , however , indicated he is more concerned that " musharraf demonstrates some results ( in the global war on terrorism ) . "
speaking about musharraf 's prevention of the cross-border incursion into india-controlled kashmir , bush said : " he must show his efforts . "
the cross-border incursion into indian-administered kashmir by pakistani radicals has already intensified the dispute between these two nuclear powers , resulting in a dangerous border stand-off .
in order to prevent the conflict from breaking out between these two hostile south asian nations , the international community is intensifying its diplomatic moves . deputy russian foreign minister saltanov is scheduled to arrive on a peace mission here today .
saltanov will discuss russian president putin 's proposal .
besides the meeting to be held at alma ata , capital of kazakhstan , from june 3 through june 5 , putin indicated he is willing to arrange a face-to-face meeting between pakistani and indian leaders .
pakistan already indicated that it will " make a positive response " to this proposal aimed at cooling down india-pakistan dispute .
india , however , responded more cautiously , only indicating that prime minister vajpayee will pay a visit to alma ata , yet with no clarification whether the indian and pakistani leaders will meet .
un declares 10 million in southern africa on brink of starvation
( afp , rome ) the un food and agriculture organization ( fao ) and the un world food program ( wfp ) warned that in the four southern african countries , at least 10 million people are " on the brink of starvation . "
the two agencies pointed out that millions of people in malawi , zimbabwe , lesotho and swaziland are threatened with potential famine .
they also warned that the above figures are expected to rise once the reports on zimbabwe and mozambique are completed .
they noted : " two successive years of poor harvests brought about by natural calamities , coupled with economic crises and the disrupted farming in some areas , have reduced the food production and supply in this region , resulting in one of the gravest agricultural disasters in a decade in southern africa . "
the two agencies appealed to the governments of all nations in the world to promptly take emergency measures " so as to prevent the wide-spread famine from turning into a huge humanitarian catastrophe . "
they pointed out that at present , nearly 4 million tons of food must be imported to meet the minimum needs of food while 1.2 million tons of food must be made immediately available for emergencies .
argentina 's president duhalde suffers public protests for inappropriate economic policies
( afp , buenos aires ) argentina 's president duhalde and his government 's economic policies have been vehemently bombarded . the general public and schools staged a one-day strike . crowds of people in protest blocked thousands of roads , bringing traffic to a complete standstill .
the confederation of argentine workers ( cta ) , the largest labor union in the country , initiated the strike .
unemployed workers as well as protesting workers occupied several main roads leading to the capital city of buenos aires and blocked the bridges and major thoroughfares , causing tremendous traffic commotion .
cta leader zamora told reporters that the protest is intended to arouse a real national protest movement to protest the hunger , despair and unemployment the argentine people are currently experiencing .
in addition to monitoring closely the development of the situation , the senior argentine officials were also gathered today for an intensive consultation , urging senators to take actions as soon as possible to repeal " the economic subversion law " that the international monetary fund ( imf ) promulgated as a condition for providing new loans to argentina .
this law criminalizes both wrong business decisions and capital flight .
multitudes of people both in the capital and the suburbs supported this protest , congregating finally in front of the congress building . many educational institutions as well as some airports also joined the general strike in protest .
interior ministers of european nations met for discussion on establishment of eu border police force
( afp , rome ) interior ministers from the 15 eu nations and other 13 european nations met on the eve of summit of all european nations to discuss the establishment of a eu border police force to tackle the issue of illegal immigrants .
italian interior minister scajola said interior ministers of these eu nations and the other 13 eu-candidate nations will focus their discussion on the finding of a study regarding the establishment of a common police force to guard the eu exterior border .
scajola said the top priority of this police force will be to guard all the airports . these airports , said he , are exactly the main passages through which most of illegal immigrants enter the eu territory .
in an interview with italian news agency , he said : " according to our analysis , the airports are obviously the main passages to enter the territory and are therefore the places at the highest risk . "
scajola said it is of top priority to coordinate their various different police forces if the nations want to ensure the security of the eu .
he said : " our final goal is not necessarily to establish a single european police force but rather to facilitate an exchange of data and information among ourselves while standardizing police training . "
experts gathering here pointed out that there are still difficulties for europe to establish a common border police force , but the main reason lies in the political and legal barriers that exist between the eu nations on one hand and the eu-candidate nations on the other .
the interior ministers attending the 4-hour conference today will discuss the 15 short , medium and long-term moves in hopes of reinforcing europe 's porous border , including international airports .
us assesses worst consequence of india-pakistan nuclear war could be loss of millions of lives
( afp , washington ) citing the confidential assessment report from the pentagon , a us defense official pointed out that if a nuclear war broke out between india and pakistan , the worst scenario would be the loss of lives ranging from 9 million to 12 million . that figure could merely be the instant death toll resulting from the nuclear war , not including the deaths from diseases , starvation and polluted water supplies that accompanied the war .
recently , the relations between india and pakistan in south asia have been growing more and more tense over the disputed kashmir . as a result , the us defense intelligence updated this classified assessment report last week .
the official , who declined to be named , said that under the worst circumstances , in a short period of time " the death toll could range from 9 ( million ) to 12 million , and another 2 ( million ) to 6 million could be injured . "
he said : " in the long run , all those things such as starvation , polluted water supplies and birth defects could happen . "
the us official said the likelihood of the above scenario is based on the assumption that the number of nuclear weapons on each side matches the number of their targets while all weapons are successfully launched , resulting in surface explosions and dispersion of radioactive dust clouds .
former milwaukee archbishop offers public apology for sex and money scandals
( afp , milwaukee , wisconsin ) in a recent prayer service , the former milwaukee archbishop weakland in the united states made a public apology for his exposed scandal of being sexually involved with a student more than 20 years ago .
archbishop weakland , who retired on may 24 , expressed his regrets over this scandal arising from his " sins . "
the 75-year-old priest said to hundreds of believers attending the prayer service in milwaukee , wisconsin : " i acknowledge and fully accept my responsibility for the inappropriate nature of my relationship with mr. paul marcoux . i apologize for any harm done to him . "
however , weakland did not admit having any sexual relationship with paul marcoux , though frankly confirming that the archdiocese once paid 450,000 us dollars in 1998 to buy over marcoux .
in a recent exclusive tv interview , marcoux accused weakland of sexually assaulting him in 1979 when he , then a seminarian , went to consult with the archbishop about entering the priesthood .
pilots strike grounds planes , aer lingus ' future hangs in the air
( afp , dublin ) the irish airline , aer lingus , said that at present , all parties involved are seeking solutions to the dispute that has led to the stoppage of flights . meanwhile , the company will continue to suspend its operation till the 3rd .
at this moment , the future of this state-owned company remains uncertain .
aer lingus said in a statement that the court has required the management and the pilots ' union to attend an emergency meeting scheduled on the 1st .
however , the company indicated that given the current circumstances , it is unlikely that the company would resume its operation on the 3rd .
the company is not taking any flight reservation through june 5 .
since the weekend happened to fall on a bank holiday , the dispute has already caused general confusion for the air travel in ireland .
affected by the sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the united states and the agricultural epidemic crisis in ireland last year , demand for air travel has significantly decreased . the current dispute only adds to the woes of aer lingus whose operation is already in great troubles .
aer lingus pilots went on a one-day strike on may 30 . more than 100,000 travelers were affected .
the company refuses to resume operation before the pilots accept the new working conditions and agree to cooperate with the company 's survival plan .
the plan includes a lay-off of 2,000 employees and a pay freeze for the remaining 4,000 .
aer lingus airlines lost 150 million euros ( 140 million us dollars ) last year and about 20 million euros in the first four months of this year .
who : great progress in tb prevention and treatment seen in india and china
( afp , washington ) the world health organization said that in china and india , the two countries whose combined tb cases account for one third of the world 's total , great progress has been made in the prevention and treatment of this infectious disease .
at a 3-day conference on this respiratory disease , the who has endorsed a study that illustrates that " strong political commitment , adequate financial resources and sound technology " have significantly reduced the burden of tuberculosis borne by india and china .
each year tuberculosis kills more than 2 million people .
an official from the who 's stop-tb program said : " in our opinion , we must first win the battles in india and china in order to truly reduce tb cases in the world . "
the who said in a statement that thanks to dots , a five-point public health strategy that calls for government commitment to the prevention and treatment of tuberculosis , in these two countries , " even in areas where the technology and public health infrastructure are inadequate , the diagnosis and cure of this infectious disease have still achieved a considerably high rate . "
by the year 2000 , 10 years after dots strategy went into operation , china had evaluated 8 million suspected tb cases and cured 1.3 million people infected with the disease with a cure rate as high as 90% .
in addition , the lives of about 30,000 infected patients were saved through the benefits of this strategy program .
nearly half of india 's population of about 1 billion are under the coverage of dots . the cure rate for tuberculosis has exceeded 80% .
us fbi agents take actions against underwater terrorism
( afp , miami ) us fbi agents have taken underwater anti-terrorist actions and sought the help from the diving industry in their detection of possible terrorist activities so as to " develop an offensive scuba diving capability . "
the fbi has begun a nationwide canvass of shops of scuba diving gear , requesting them to report any suspicious students or customers .
they have also turned their attention to a list of 2 million people around the world who studied scuba diving during the past three years .
in florida known for its coral reefs and recreational scuba diving , some scuba diving business owners were snickering at an instructor 's so-called " ridiculous conception directly taken from james bonds ' movie episodes . "
but the conception may not be entirely out of touch with reality .
" the notion of underwater terrorists is nothing new at all , " said austin , who owns a scuba diving shop in miami that provides diving training and sells a whole line of recreational scuba diving gear from fins to spearguns .
he said : " for instance , both the us navy and the navies in other countries have underwater demolition teams .
whatever good people can do , bad people can do as well . "
fbi agents recently paid a visit to austin .
like other scuba diving shop owners in florida , austin did not receive any specific instruction as to whom and what he should look for .
he said : " after sept. 11 , anyone would by instinct not fail to watch out more closely for certain types of people . "
austin said : " if an arab comes to my shop hoping to attend a class for scuba diving , i will not take him after careful consideration ; however , if he starts to look for large quantities of diving equipment , i will report to the appropriate authorities . "
earlier this month , fbi issued a warning : " various types of terrorists have already sought to develop an offensive scuba diving capability . "
jennifer lopez to play superhero shrink in new movie
( afp , los angeles ) according to the weekly hollywood reporter , singer-actress latina star jennifer lopez has made it a deal to take columbia pictures ' new comedy " shrink ! " she will both star in and produce the movie .
jennifer lopez , who will celebrate her 32nd birthday next month , will play the role of a superhero " turned " shrink in the comedy .
columbia pictures announced today that the new movie " shrink " will star jennifer lopez , who will also be the movie 's producer at the same time .
other details about the script and the selection of a director , supporting cast , and so on are still to be finalized by columbia pictures .
the story for " shrink " is based on an internet comic strip by rob liefeld . it depicts a superhero , originally endowed with supernatural powers , who decides to change her profession to become a shrink , providing psychological counseling and guidance exclusively to other superheroes .
to increase the hilarity of this comedy , columbia pictures is going to follow the mode of " shrek , " one of the top box office hits of last year , to make jokes out of classic scenes and well-known characters taken from other movies or fairy tales so as to bring viewers pleasant surprises .
millions of subjects all over britain celebrate queen 's golden jubilee
( afp , london ) amidst the cheering of millions of her subjects , the british queen elizabeth ii today thanked her country and people for their support at the 4-day celebrations of her golden jubilee that marks the 50th anniversary of her accession to the throne .
after a whole day of parades , grand festivities and concerts , elizabeth ii said , as a british queen , she " felt gratitude , respect and pride " on this occasion of celebrating the 50th anniversary of her accession to the throne .
the celebrations culminated with a grand finale of a fly-past over buckingham palace by a concorde and about a dozen of raf jets that performed a graceful split formation in the air .
at city of london 's guildhall , the queen addressed to the distinguished guests attending the celebrations : " it has been an unforgettable 50 years by any standards . "
" there have been ups and downs in 50 years of life , " said the queen .
however , she added : " looking back at the history of the last 50 years , i think we are justified in feeling proud . "
the queen also praised highly her family .
she said : " over the years , my children and my family have given me boundless love and whole-hearted assistance , especially in recent months . "
the queen was referring to the successive deaths of her younger sister princess margaret and her mother , the british queen mother .
in his speech , british prime minister blair extolled the queen as a person with unifying power and " boundless enthusiasm . "
blair said : " no matter how big ups and downs you have had in your own life , no matter whether the country is faced with joy or crisis , no one ever doubts your commitment to serving britain . "
police said about a million people in london got out to the streets to personally experience the joy of the celebrations of the queen 's golden jubilee .
reynolds tobacco company fined 20 million us dollars for illegal ads
( afp , san diego , california ) california officials said that reynolds , the no. 2 us tobacco company , has been fined 20 million us dollars by a san diego judge for running cigarette ads in magazines in an illegal attempt to lure youths aged from 12 to 17 into smoking .
the ruling judge prager said under the terms of the 1998 agreement signed by the 46 us states , tobacco companies are barred from running cigarette ads in popular teenager magazines and from targeting youths .
some time earlier , three tobacco companies , the makers of camel , winston and salem , violated the terms ; yet reynolds still followed suit and did not scale down in any way the cigarette ad campaign targeting the youths .
the california 's attorney general lockyer served as the prosecutor in this case . after three weeks of trial , the ruling judge ordered reynolds to pay a fine of 20 million us dollars in addition to all attorney and litigation fees .
in the future , reynolds must also take specific measures to effectively comply with the 1998 agreement .
the 1998 master settlement agreement bans running cigarette ads on bulletins and buses as well as limits the size of other cigarette ad bulletins . in addition , it restricts the giant cigarette makers from paying the media to promote their products or sponsoring youth sports games .
lockyer said while other tobacco companies have long agreed not to advertise in magazines with over 15% readership of youth aged from 12 to 17 , reynolds has been reluctant to do so .
it was only a month ago that a los angeles court fined reynolds 14.8 million us dollars for handing out free cigarettes worth over 100,000 us dollars at events in which children also participated .
us labor department report on employment rate shows economy is recovering but at a slow pace
( afp , washington ) according to a us government report , there are signs that the us job market is recovering , although the pace of recovery is extremely slow , indicating the overall us economy is still struggling out of recession .
labor department said , in may there was an increase of about 41,000 job opportunities in the united states , while the unemployment rate dropped by 0.2% to 5.8% .
this is the biggest increase in non-farm job opportunities since february 2001 and is also the second straight month in the increase of employment following 12 consecutive months of steady decrease of employment .
unemployment rate is lower than wall street expected , but the number of newly-created job opportunities is smaller than many expected . according to economists , the newly created job opportunities are not enough to significantly promote the economic growth .
analysts said only a robust increase in job opportunities can lead to consumer spending , which in turn promotes the economic growth .
naroff of naroff economic advisors said the report from the labor department is surely good news , but it is just not good enough .
although there is an increase in job opportunities , the pace of increase is just yet too slow .
mubarak : creation of a palestinian state key to peace in the middle east
( afp , washington ) egyptian president mubarak insisted that the creation of a palestinian state under us pressure will help to achieve peace in the middle east , but us president bush refused to offer a specific timetable for the creation of the palestinian state .
in an exclusive videotaped interview with cbs , mubarak said : " to establish a palestinian state right beside israel is the best guarantee for peace to both sides . "
he said : " we must find solutions to this plan , otherwise we will be in a mess . "
last weekend mubarak and bush met at camp david to discuss the mideast crisis .
today bush met with israeli prime minister sharon at the white house to hold further talks on the mideast crisis .
bush is trying to finalize the us government 's mideast policy and to lay the foundation for an international peace conference in the coming few months .
mubarak added in an exclusive video-taped interview with fox news : " the united states is the key to the peace process in the middle east . "
the egyptian president thinks that both israeli and palestinian peoples need the united states to help them reach an agreement . if israel and palestine are left alone to solve the problem , " they will accomplish nothing . "
he pointed out that the conflict in northern ireland is the best example of success when the us mediation resulted in an agreement by both parties involved in the conflict .
mubarak also called for bush to pass the message to sharon : " destruction , use of force , slaughter and revenge will never bring about peace . "
costa beats ferrero and claims crown at french open
( afp , paris ) the famous spanish athlete costa sustained 4 sets of intense games on the 9th and beat his fellow spaniard rival ferrero 3-1 , claiming the crown in men 's singles championship final at french open and winning his first career grand slam laurel .
the conference 's twentieth-seeded costa spent 2 hours and 30 minutes in overpowering ferrero , his fellow master player on red clay , for a 6-1 , 6-0 , 4-6 , 6-3 victory .
the game was temporarily suspended for 20 minutes in the first set because of rain .
the conference 's eleventh-seeded ferrero , who did not seem to be in his best shape in the game , played in a somewhat awkward way . although he tried his hardest to fight back , he had to come to terms with his second place due to his double faults as well as excessive unforced errors and frequently broken serves .
ferrero sprained his ankle in the first and second rounds of the men 's singles .
it is the first time for both costa and ferrero to have entered the grand slam . this is also the 12th tournament title costa has won in his career as a professional tennis player .
the 26-year-old costa has n't claimed any championship in any games , either big or small , in the past three years . his ranking in the world last year even went down to the 40th .
costa fought his way all through to the tournament final , successively beating the brazilian tennis king kuerten the iron man and corretja , the spaniard player on red clay who won the second place at the french open last year . winning the crown at this french open will move costa ' ranking in the world way up to the 2nd .
this is costa 's 26th try for a grand slam title . when there is a will , there will be a way . he has now finally fulfilled his wish of returning home with his championship trophy . before this , even when he was at his best at the grand slam , he never went beyond the quarterfinals in which he played at the french open respectively in 1995 and 2000 , and the australian open in 1997 .
rumsfeld accuses iraq of actively developing biological weapons
( afp , manama ) us defense secretary rumsfeld directly accused iraqi president saddam hussein of being " a world-class liar . " he again mentioned the us accusation that iraq is actively developing biological weapons and other weapons of mass destruction .
while denouncing iraq in strong terms , the us government is working on a new set of national security strategy . defense officials said that the united states will take preemptive military actions against states that support terrorism and seek to develop weapons of mass destruction .
rumsfeld told hundreds of military personnel assembled at the headquarters of the us fifth fleet here : " if you want to know a world class liar , it 's saddam hussein .
he 's an expert liar . "
rumsfeld 's comments were prompted by an iraqi statement issued on the 9th which vows that baghdad is ready to prove that it has no secret program to develop nuclear weapons nor possesses any chemical or biological weapons .
rumsfeld said : " he is lying . "
rumsfeld stressed that the united states is facing a new , more urgent threat in the form of states with weapons of mass destruction allied to shameless terrorist groups .
a us defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity , confirmed a washington post report that in a new national security strategy , the united states is expected to take pre-emptive military actions to counter the above-described terrorist threat .
g8 foreign ministers met in canada to discuss mideast situation
( afp , whistler , canada ) foreign ministers from the g8 group of leading industrial nations met in the remote mountains in whistler , canada , to discuss the conflicts in the middle east and south asia and such other issues as threats of terrorist attacks .
canada , the g8 ' s rotating president , has invited foreign ministers of the united states , russia , britain , italy , france , germany and japan to convene a 2-day meeting in whistler , a ski resort northeast of vancouver , british columbia .
this foreign ministers ' meeting will pave the way for the g8 summit to be held from the 26th to the 27th in kananaskis , a vacation resort in alberta .
kananaskis is located near calgary .
arriving in whistler at the last minute , the us secretary of state powell immediately joined the other foreign ministers in the working session to discuss anti-terrorist operations , rising tensions in south asia and the situation in afghanistan .
the foreign ministers attending the meeting will hold heated discussions on the middle east crisis over dinner on the 12th .
quite a few g8 nations seem rather dissatisfied with the bush administration 's apparent support of israeli prime minister sharon 's mideast policy .
canada said today that it will urge the g8 meeting to reach a consensus that it is necessary to hold a middle east peace conference .
two days ago , president bush seemed opposed to this idea when he held talks with sharon .
making a public appearance on the 10th together with sharon , bush said when asked about the feasibility of holding a middle east peace conference : " the situation is not yet ripe for the talks , because nobody has any confidence in the palestinian government .
bush 's remark cast some doubt on whether the middle east peace conference originally scheduled to convene this summer will eventually materialize as planned .
british ex-duchess of york fergie to host us tv talk show
( afp , los angeles ) media sources pointed out that the british ex-duchess of york sarah ferguson has signed a contract with a us tv station to host a daily talk show for the station starting next year .
sarah , the auburn-haired ex-wife of the british queen 's second son andrew and nicknamed fergie , has already reached an agreement with a subdivision of the french media giant vivendi .
rosenberg , president of universal television enterprises , said : " with her charming personality and talent for hosting , sarah is very suitable for a career in television . "
he said : " she is just like the girl next door , extremely amiable and also with an inspiring life story . she holds a great appeal both to viewers and the tv station . we will work together to produce this program and fully tap her warmth , humor , sincerity and passion for life . "
in order to raise funds to pay the debts incurred by her huge expenses , fergie started to do tv commercials in the united states . she even hosted a short-lived talk show in the u.k. , causing a series of controversies there .
at present , fergie lives in the united states most of the time , because people there like her natural and simple style .
she said the show seems customized for her and offers her opportunities to meet some interesting people in the movie and art circles .
japan 's economy can benefit enormously from world cup , said bank of japan governor
( afp , tokyo , june 14 ) bank of japan governor masaru hayami said today that japan 's economy can benefit enormously from co-hosting the world cup soccer tournament .
masaru hayami pointed out : " it is difficult to accurately assess the impact of the world cup on japan 's economy . however , since the tournament is held at a time when economic activities in japan are just starting to show signs of recovery , i think it will be the factor supporting this trend . "
a think tank for japan 's advertising giant dentsu estimates that the world cup would bring japan at least about 3.2 trillion yen ( 25 billion us dollars ) of derivative economic effects if japan makes the final eight .
meanwhile , masaru hayami noted that bank of japan will continue to monitor closely whether the recent positive sign in the manufacturing industry will expand to other industries such as household appliances and non-banking industries .
although the us stock market fluctuates due to its uncertainty whether capital spending and consumer spending are sustainable , masaru hayami said : " i think the us economy is on its way to recovery . "
masaru hayami warned : " however , we must watch closely for any development in the us capital spending and consumer spending . "
bank of japan upgraded its economic assessment for the fourth consecutive month during the last six months and noted that japan 's economy will start to recover as a result of the increase in exports and acceleration in production .
ruling party in south korea faces huge obstacles after setback in local elections
( afp , seoul ) following the crushing defeat in last week 's local elections and the embezzlement scandals involving the two sons of president kim dae-jung who founded the party , millennium democratic party , the ruling party in south korea , is heading toward a break-up .
the reformists attribute the major setback in elections suffered by the mdp on the 13th to the scandals involving kim dae-jung 's aide and sons . now they hope to establish a new political party .
during this election , the opposition party , grand national party , scored a sweeping victory in major provinces and cities , which is yet another most recent sign that kim dae-jung 's reputation is on the decline .
the result of an opinion poll released today in korean central daily shows that of the 60 mdp members of national assembly interviewed , 42 are in favor of founding a new party to be headed by roh moo-hyun , the party 's presidential candidate .
a senior member of national assembly said : " we must work harder to draw a clear line between the party and the president . "
at present , the mdp is still under the control of kim dae-jung 's long-trusted followers and key aides .
however , roh moo-hyun has vowed to reform the mdp . pundits predict he will change the name of the party and distance it from kim dae-jung .
kim dae-jung withdrew from the party last month , claiming he hopes to stay above the limitations of the party during his last few months in office .
us and south korea to hold high-level talks on resumption of dialogs between washington and pyongyang
( afp , seoul , june 17 ) officials said that just as signs are showing that the united states is getting ready to resume dialogs with north korea , south korea will send a senior security official to washington this week to hold high-level talks with the united states .
chong wa dae indicated that yim sung-joon , presidential secretary for foreign affairs and national security , will meet with the us national security advisor rice on the 20th in washington .
it is expected that the upcoming resumption of dialogs between the united states and north korea will be the main topic of discussion in rice 's talks with yim sung-joon .
south korean officials said they believe that the united states will soon resume substantial dialogs with pyongyang .
the us special envoy pritchard will meet with north korean officials in new york and discuss his possible trip to north korea .
a chong wa dae official said : " we will hold a high-level talk with the united states at the time when the united states is going to reopen dialogs with north korea . "
" we can offer the united states our experience in talks between south and north koreas and confirm the us position on dialogs with north korea . "
south korea has been actively seeking to reach a reconciliation with north korea so as to eliminate the stand-off between the two sides since the 1950-53 korean war . it has also requested the united states to resume dialogs with north korea .
when leaders in both south and north koreas held a historic summit in june 2000 , both sides reached agreements on a number of peace plans .
however , the reconciliation process between south and north koreas was stalled last year as president george w. bush adopted a hardline position on north korea after he took office .
marriott hotel group aggressively opening more hotels in asia
( afp , bangkok ) the us marriott hotel group plans to open 10 new hotels in asia over the next 18 months in response to a rapid tourism rebound in the asian region .
john w . marriott iii , executive vice president of marriott international inc. , pointed out at a marketing conference held in bangkok that thailand is a key part of the corporation 's asian growth strategy .
thailand 's english daily newspaper " the nation " quoted him as saying : " thailand is very important to us .
we will continue to expand our hotel service starting from asia , but we will also open additional hotels in other regions as well . "
marriott group , one of the largest hotel groups in the world , has more than 70 chain hotels in asia .
it is reported that even when the global tourism has apparently slipped since the sept. 11 terrorist attacks on the united states last year , marriott hotel has still added 40,000 rooms worldwide .
senior vice president wolff said that room rates have remained low since last year , but occupancy rates have much improved .
he said : " in terms of occupancy rates , several major cities , including hong kong , bangkok and singapore , are performing pretty well . hotel business is gradually coming back . room rates will naturally improve when the demand rises . "
israel to launch a series of military actions after bus attack in jerusalem
( afp , jerusalem ) while us president bush is working on a new peace strategy on israel and palestine , israel has decided to launch " a series of military actions " in retaliation for the attack on a bus by a suicide bomber in jerusalem today .
19 people were killed in the attack in addition to the attacker .
a public radio station , quoting government sources , reported that the small cabinet headed by israeli prime minister sharon has also discussed the possibility of expelling the palestinian leader arafat 's senior aide instead of arafat himself .
it said , the israeli military actions will be on a larger scale than that of the recent army attack , though not as large as that of israel 's operation defensive shield on the west bank of the jordan river from march 29 to may 10 .
palestinian security officials said that on the ground , the israeli armored forces , supported by helicopters , entered the palestinian self-rule town of jenin on the west bank of the jordan river tonight .
they said , about 50 automobiles , including military vehicles , drove through the town en route to the refugee camp in jenin under the cover of helicoper fire .
so far there has n't been any report of casualties from jenin .
israel considers jenin as a haven for terrorists . jenin refuge camp was the no. 1 target of israel 's operation defensive shield .
the public radio station said , sharon and defense minister eliezer held talks with the army and security officials prior to the small cabinet meeting and decided to retaliate for the bus bombing that took place at a rush hour in jerusalem .
however , it is also widely rumored in jerusalem that sharon will put his retaliation on hold until president bush announces his plan to end the 21-month-long conflict between israel and palestine .
two teenager suspects arrested for internet cafe arson in beijing
( afp , beijing ) two teenager suspects have been arrested on suspicion of arson in an internet cafe in beijing that killed 24 people .
an official from beijing municipal government said in a statement today that the two teenagers zhang and song , currently aged 13 and 14 respectively , were caught on tuesday .
the internet cafe " lanjisu " located on university road in haidian district went up in a blaze early sunday morning , killing 24 adolescents who were either secondary school students or college students .
according to media reports , among the dead , 9 were classmates in the nearby beijing science and technology institute .
the victims were trapped at the time of the incident on the second floor of this unlicensed internet cafe . the windows were all blocked with iron bars while the only exit was locked .
according to reports , another 13 on the scene were injured . many of them were seriously burned .
the above official statement said : " according to the investigation by the public security bureau , both teenagers , the 13-year-old zhang and 14-year-old song , are students in beijing and frequently played truant after their parents were divorced . "
the statement said : " both admitted that they went to internet cafes very often .
two weeks ago they had a dispute with the owner of lanjisu . in retaliation , they bought gasoline and set the fire . both admitted to these facts . "
us trade deficit hits record high , shaking the value of us dollar
( afp , washington ) the slow recovery of the us economy and the large volume of imports coupled with investments overseas have pushed the trade and cash deficit to a new high , pounding the value of the us dollar .
guatieri , a chicago-based economist at bank of montreal , said : " if the market needs any proof that the us dollar is overvalued , doubtlessly it has got that proof this morning . "
the us trade deficit in april , aggravated by the large quantity of oil imports , increased 10.7% over the previous month , hitting a record high of 35.9 billion us dollars .
in the january-march quarter , the current account deficit climbed to an unprecedented 112.5 billion us dollars , an 18.3% increase over the 95.1 billion us dollars of the previous quarter .
the current account reflects trade in goods and services , the flow of stocks and bonds investment and one-way currency transfers such as foreign aid payments .
meanwhile , the euro rose to as high as 96.26 us cents , exceeding 96 us cents for the first time in two years .
guatieri said " the sweeping deterioration " in april 's trade balance and the record high deficit in the first quarter current account have caused investors to lose confidence in the us dollar .
israel-arab conflict escalates ; casualties rise while israeli military occupies five west bank towns
( afp , jerusalem ) a few hours after the armed mobsters shot and killed five israelis on a jewish settlement , israel 's tanks , pressing ahead with a new policy of seizing palestinian territories , re-took another west bank town of nablus in retaliation for the palestinians ' violent attack .
shortly before israel took the offensive on nablus , a gunbattle broke out in the gaza strip . the israeli border guards , when attacked at erez border crossing , shot and killed three palestinians .
palestinian leader arafat earlier also called for " no more wars , " and expressed his belief that he can reach a peace agreement with the hardliner israeli prime minister sharon .
however , the most recent violence has forced us president bush to postpone the announcement of his new mideast strategy as he is worried that nobody will listen to his new strategy .
according to palestinian security officials , more than 10 tanks and armored personnel carriers drove over a kilometer into eastern nablus , while other troops entered nablus from other directions .
israeli troops have occupied jenin , qalqilya , bethlehem , beitunia and tulkarem , the five palestinian self-rule towns in the west bank .
these actions of occupation were intended as retaliation for the two suicide bombings on the 18th and 19th of this month in jerusalem that had claimed the lives of 25 israelis .
five israelis were killed last night on itmar settlement near nablus , including a mother and her three children .
afp received an anonymous call saying popular front for the liberation of palestine claimed responsibility for the attack .
israeli troops open fire on marketplace in jenin , 4 palestinians dead
( afp , jenin , west bank ) israeli troops opened fire on a market in jenin in the west bank , killing four palestinians . townspeople in jenin area at the time mistakenly thought the curfew had been lifted .
in the meantime , prime minister sharon 's government continued to move forward with reoccupation of the west bank towns .
according to the israeli government sources , in response to endless palestinian attacks , sharon 's security cabinet decided to maintain its troops in palestinian self-rule towns until palestinian suicide bombings and frenzied shootings come to an end .
in the last 72 hours , there have been three incidents of palestinian attacks . more than 30 israelis unfortunately died and 17 palestinians were killed in the two suicide bombings and the attack on jenin settlement in the west bank on the 20th .
the most serious clash in the past 21 months broke out in the west bank town of jenin .
palestinian medical personnel indicated that on the afternoon of the 21st , israeli tanks shelled at a fruit and vegetable market in jenin , killing 4 people , including a child .
in a rare move the israeli military admitted that the tanks mistakenly opened fire and caused civilian casualties , vowing to investigate the case .
the military said in a statement that the tanks opened fire on a crowd of townspeople who mistakenly thought " curfew was over " while the soldiers in jenin " were searching house-to-house for labs that manufacture explosives . "
irsheid , acting governor of jenin , told independence , an israeli newspaper : " people thought the curfew was over . "
" they were hungry and wanted to buy foods . that 's why they went to the market and then the israeli troops opened fire . "
a 13-year-old boy in jenin was killed before dawn while five of his family members suffered injuries .
pakistan claims soldier 's death further escalates india-pakistan tensions
( afp , islamabad ) the pakistani military warned sunday that after an unarmed pakistani soldier was allegedly tortured and shot to death , tensions between pakistan and its nuclear rival india again escalated .
the military spokesman major general qureshi said , although there has been some progress in easing the tensions between india and pakistan , it has gone up in smoke because of this incident . if india does not punish those involved , it may be accused of state-sponsoring a killing .
qureshi told afp : " no matter what cosmetic actions india has taken , they have not reduced the tensions at all . "
he was referring to the recent diplomatic and military maneuvers by india aimed at easing the crisis .
he added : " this sufficiently shows that tensions are exactly what they were a month ago or a few months back .
there is no letting up in tensions at all . "
qureshi said there has been no official response from india yet after pakistan called for india to investigate the death of the pakistanian soldier maqsood .
from what he indicated , after maqsood was taken away from the no man 's land between the two countries , he was tied up , interrogated by " third degree methods " and finally shot to death .
he said : " they need to take actions , otherwise it will be state-sponsored .
if the government is not involved in this incident , the government must take actions against the perpetrators . "
india has denied any act of torture and said maqsood was shot to death while attempting to cross into india .
however , pakistan said maqsood was kidnapped by a group of indian soldiers after he rounded up a pair of runaway camels .
750 dead or missing in floods in china
( afp , beijing ) floods have devastated large areas in china . according to official statistics , over 750 have been killed or missing . a rescue agency pointed out that many victims live in the poorest areas in the country .
the most recent statistics released by the ministry of civil affairs of china show that 453 have been confirmed dead in the floods in 8 provinces and cities . in the worst-hit shaanxi province , 151 have been confirmed dead .
these figures do not include the additional number of 300 people believed to be missing in shaanxi province . jia zhibang , the province 's acting vice governor , thought they have " little chance of survival . "
such a high death toll even in the early phase of the flood season that lasts from june to september this year has caused people to worry that more people may die in floods this year than in the floods of 1998 that drowned over 4,000 people .
statistics from the ministry of civil affairs indicate that up till now , 57 million people have been affected by the floods ; 800,000 buildings and houses have collapsed ; and more than 2 million hectares of farm land have been inundated .
the ministry disclosed that the floods have devastated a vast area of the country , from shaanxi province in the northwest , through sichuan province and chongqing in the southwest , to fujian province and jiangxi province in the southeast .
a staff member named liu , who works for china foundation for poverty alleviation , said today that although the current death toll by floods is smaller than that of 1998 , the affected area is much larger than in 1998 . in that year , 10 provinces and cities were ravaged by floods , but 19 provinces and cities are hit this year .
he pointed out that another characteristic of this year 's floods is that many affected people are extremely poor and have almost no means to sustain their losses .
liu said : " the poverty-stricken areas are especially hit hard in the first phase of the floods this year . many of those counties and cities are listed as the poorest in the country .
some of the disaster areas are rendered inaccessible as roads have been broken by floods . many people have become homeless ; and still many other flood victims are waiting for food and other relief items . "
umno announces mahathir will step down next year ; abdullah to succeed him
( afp , kuala lumpur ) malaysia 's ruling party umno announced that prime minister mahathir will step down next year and hand over his office to his deputy abdullah .
umno secretary general yaakob said that mahathir , who has stayed in power for 21 years , will resign after the summit of the organization of islamic conference to be held here in october next year .
yaakob said mahathir " has decided to resign from all his positions at umno , barisan nasional coalition and the government . "
on the 22nd , at the conclusion of the umno annual congress , mahathir announced in tears his resignation from umno and his presidency of the ruling nasional coalition to a stunned malaysia .
when the entire country of malaysia was watching the live televised announcement of his resignation , mahathir was quickly hustled off the chairman 's podium by stunned umno party leaders into a secluded room . when abdullah returned to the conference hall , he said mahathir has agreed to stay in office .
however , mahathir himself did n't offer any further public explanation and went on a vacation trip to italy the next day after throwing the whole country into a political turmoil .
beneath the huge portrait of mahathir and in the company of abdullah and other umno leaders , yaakob read at umno headquarters the statement clarifying mahathir 's future .
he said that mahathir will take two months of vacation prior to his final resignation so as to facilitate a smooth transfer of power to abdullah .
after this announcement , abdullah , who serves both as vice prime minister and the vice president of umno , said in this live televised press conference : " ( nasional coalition ) superior council supports 100% ( mahathir 's ) this decision . "
abdullah said : " there will be a smooth transfer of power during the entire process , but at present , he is still the prime minister . "
he said : " if someone has speculated on a scramble for power , the speculation is groundless . "
us appellate court rules pledge of allegiance unconstitutional
( afp , san francisco , june 27 ) a us appellate court ruled that the pledge of allegiance that us pupils are required to recite every day before classes start is unconstitutional because it uses the name of god .
the shocking ruling made by the three judges in san francisco is bound to set off strong repercussions from the us public .
the relation between the church and the state has long been a topic of major controversy in the united states .
the judges in the 9th us circuit court of appeals pointed out in the written ruling that the sentence containing " one nation , under god " in the pledge of allegiance demonstrates the government 's support of religious intervention forbidden by the us constitution .
an atheist filed the lawsuit with the circuit court of appeals in san francisco in protest that his daughter has to recite the pledge of allegiance every morning in school .
his appeal case was accepted .
citing a us supreme court judgement , judge goodwin noted in the ruling that schools are not allowed to hold religious prayers at the graduation ceremonies nor can students be compelled to recite the pledge of allegiance .
millions of us pupils aged from 5 to 11 must put their right hands across their chests and recite the pledge of allegiance in front of the us national flag every morning before classes start .
the controversial phrase " under god " was added to the pledge of allegiance in 1954 when eisenhower was in office .
the pledger must pledge allegiance to " the flag of the united states of america , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under god , with liberty and justice indivisible . "
in the united states , the separation of church and state has always been an issue of controversy . the ban of morning prayers by state schools has already caused strong repercussions in this nation known for its devout religious belief and patriotism .
the ruling , once effective , will impact public schools in the 8 western states , the us guam and northern mariana islands .
the case for sure will go to the us supreme court .
accounting fraud scandals rock corporate america ; president bush pledges tough penalties
( afp , washington ) a series of accounting fraud scandals in many us corporations is quickly escalating into a potential political storm , sending the white house , congressmen , securities exchange commission and prosecutors scrambling for actions , each vowing tough penalties for violators .
although the republican party has been a long-time supporter of corporate america , president bush is trying to demonstrate his firm position .
he pledged tough penalties on corporations and chief officers who falsify accounts .
president bush said in a political fund raiser meeting : " just as we expect our schools to have high standards , we also expect our corporations to have high standards . i will strictly enforce the laws so that high standards be maintained . "
after the accounting fraud scandals of the worldcom , inc. , the second largest us long distance service provider , were brought to light this week , president bush gave the above tough talk once again to corporate america .
scientists have long conjectured that oceans of liquid methane exist on titan .
afghan assistance coordination authority praises eu 's pledge for aid
xinhua news agency , kabul , may 22 ( reporter ren feng ) dr. ashraf ghani , director of afghan assistance coordination authority , praised the eu for its pledge of specific aid to afghanistan at a press conference held on the 22nd .
ghani said , the eu pledged 15 million euros to the un development program for assisting afghanistan and at the same time also pledged 15 million euros to the " world bank trust fund " for assisting afghan interim government to solve its budget difficulties .
ghani told the reporters that afghan interim government submitted the 2002 government budget totaling 460 million us dollars at the executive group meeting for afghan assistance held in april ; as the government has very little revenue , the budget has a shortfall of about 400 million us dollars that needs to be covered by aids from the international community .
ghani expressed his appreciation that the eu has taken the lead in making a substantial pledge to help afghan interim government solve its budget problem , which , he thought , is of great importance in ensuring a normal operation of the afghan government and in enhancing its credibility .
nepal announces dissolution of parliament
xinhua news agency , kathmandu , may 22 ( reporter song dejun ) the press secretariat of nepal 's royal palace issued a news release on the night of the 22nd that based on the recommendation by prime minister deuba of the royal government of nepal , king gyanendra has announced the immediate dissolution of the nepali parliament .
at the same time , king gyanendra also announced that the current government headed by deuba will continue to stay in power until november 13 this year when a new administration is established through the national election .
deuba proposed earlier to extend by six months the national state of emergency which expires on the 25th of this month so that nepal 's government army can launch a nationwide crackdown on the anti-government armed forces and eventually wipe them out .
however , under nepal 's constitution , deuba 's proposal needs to be approved by more than two-thirds of the parliament members before it can be implemented .
it was originally scheduled that the nepali parliament convenes on the 23rd to discuss deuba 's proposal .
however , the ruling congress party as well as other parties have continuously held meetings in recent days , unanimously opposing the extension of the state of emergency .
in the meantime , they also indicated that they will openly oppose this government 's decision at the meeting to be held on the 23rd .
therefore , deuba proposed to the king to dissolve the parliament .
housing price hikes accelerating in britain
xinhua news agency , london , may 22 ( reporter liu guishan ) according to the news released on the 22nd by a monitoring institution that monitors over 4,000 real estate agents in england and wales , the housing prices in britain have been increasing at the fastest speed in two years , making people concerned that a crisis may be imminent in the real estate market that has been hot for over a year .
the survey by the institution shows that in the first four months of this year , the real estate price in britain rose by 7.7% . april alone saw an increase of 2.6% .
the survey by the british nationwide building society , moreover , shows the increase in the housing price in april reached 3.4% .
the monitoring institution thinks that at present , the inventory of houses has dropped to the lowest point in the past 23 years while the numbers of rental property buyers and first-time buyers have been growing , indicating a housing bubble is in the making in the british real estate market .
given the current economic situation , it is likely that britain will raise the interest rate this year and next year . if the interest rate is up 2 percentage points , the real estate bubble will burst .
the real estate market in britain has been very hot since last year when the annual rate of increase in housing prices exceeded 10% .
the dwindling inventory of houses , the dramatic interest rate cut , and high employment rate all contributed to this situation .
analysts are concerned that since there is no sign yet of any slowing down of this price hike , the prospect of the british real estate market as where it is heading now is far from optimistic .
south korea and malaysia hope to further develop " 10 + 3 " relationship
xinhua news agency , seoul , may 23 ( reporter gao haorong ) south korean president kim dae-jung held talks with the visiting malaysian prime minister mahathir on the 23rd . both parties hope to further develop the relationship between asean on one hand and south korea , china and japan on the other and will work together to achieve this goal .
the two leaders agreed in their talks that " an unofficial summit meeting of asean and south korea , china and japan ( 10 + 3 ) " has played an important role in expanding and deepening the cooperation between asean nations and south korea , china and japan .
both parties held that the international community should work together in their combat against terrorist threats and decided to fully cooperate in ensuring the safety and success of the world cup and pusan asian games .
both leaders expressed their satisfaction that south korea and malaysia have maintained a close cooperation in fields such as foreign affairs , economics and culture and agreed to further expand their cooperation in information technology .
kim dae-jung hopes that the malaysian government will give more consideration and support to korean companies ' participation in malaysia 's construction projects .
during their talks , kim dae-jung introduced the recent situation of the korean peninsula .
mahathir said that the malaysian government supports south korea 's policy on north korea that is aimed to bring about reconciliation and cooperation between the two koreas .
mahathir arrived in south korea on the 22nd for an official visit on kim dae-jung 's invitation .
this has been his first official visit to south korea since 1990 .
chris patten to meet with indian foreign minister
xinhua news agency , new delhi , may 24 india 's foreign ministry announced on the 24th that chris patten , the eu 's external affairs commissioner will meet with indian foreign minister singh in new delhi today to discuss mainly the current tensions between india and pakistan .
chris patten arrived in new delhi on the night of the 23rd for a visit .
earlier he held talks with pakistani president musharraf in islamabad .
indian foreign ministry said that chris patten will also meet on the same day with mishra , chief secretary to the indian prime minister and national security advisor .
the international community has now started diplomatic maneuvers to ease india-pakistan tensions .
closely following chris patten 's trips to india and pakistan , the british foreign minister straw will arrive in south asian region on the 27th for mediation efforts .
soon after that , us deputy secretary of state armitage will also travel to the region .
in addition , us state department spokesman reeker said on the 23rd that us secretary of state powell has already talked with straw three times on the phone regarding the issue of india and pakistan and talked with musharraf on the phone two times .
reeker said powell will hold telephone conversations with indian officials as well .
major stock exchanges in europe saw ups and downs
xinhua news agency , london , may 24 with the us economic growth rate for the first quarter slightly lowered after adjustment , wall street got off to a soft start .
consequently , of the three major stock exchanges in europe , london and paris stock exchanges closed slightly off on the 24th ; only frankfurt stock exchange inched up a little bit .
at london stock exchange , the sharp drop in the share price of glaxo smithklein , the largest pharmaceutical company in europe , has affected the market .
ftse 100 average price index dipped 6.2 points , down 0.12% to close at 5196.1 .
at paris stock exchange , tech stocks headed downward . shares of credit local de france plunged , causing cac 40 average price index to shed slightly 4.16 points , down 0.1% to close at 4337.43 .
the index has lost a total of 105.51 points this week .
at frankfurt stock exchange , as investors counted on the good news from the quarterly report set to be released next week by germany 's munich reinsurance company , a buying spree propelled dax index to climb up 19.63 points , up 0.4% to close at 4899.13 .
the stock index dropped 137.28 points over last friday 's closing .
former venezuelan interim president carmona fled to seek political asylum
xinhua news agency , caracas , may 24 ( reporter yao xin ) venezuela 's minister of interior and justice cabello said on the 24th that whether colombia grants the former interim president pedro carmona political asylum or not , the venezuelan government will respect the choice made by the colombian government .
it is learned that on the morning of the 23rd , carmona evaded the surveillance of the venezuelan police and escaped from house arrest to the colombian embassy in venezuela for political asylum .
cabello said whether to grant carmona political asylum or not is colombia 's internal affairs ; venezuela will not intervene nor exert any influence .
he said that carmona is currently at the residence of the colombian ambassador to venezuela .
the venezuelan police have stepped up security protection in the neighborhood of the colombian embassy so as to ensure the safety of the embassy and the human rights of all people there , including carmona .
colombian foreign minister fernandez de soto said on the 23rd that the colombian foreign ministry is studying carmona 's request for political asylum .
as soon as a decision is made , the colombian government will notify the venezuelan government .
a military coup took place on april 11 of this year in venezuela . about a dozen high-ranking military officials declared they would not support the chavez government and put president chavez in custody .
carmona , former chairman of venezuela 's business association , was appointed as interim president of the transitional government on the 12th .
however , the coup lasted only two days . chavez returned to the presidential palace on the 14th and resumed his duties as a president .
pele promotes autobiography in mexico
xinhua news agency , mexico city , may 25 ( reporter feng junyang ) on the evening of the 24th , the legendary brazilian soccer veteran pele promoted for the first time in mexico his autobiography " my spiritual wealth " that depicts his childhood life and his career as a professional soccer player , and was greatly welcomed by soccer fans .
pele said at the initial release ceremony that the autobiography is dedicated to the young generation of soccer players .
pele said that he was born in a poor family in the state of minas of brazil and grew up in the barrio , but he succeeded eventually through his persevering efforts .
pele hopes this autobiography will encourage street loafers to stay away from drugs and crimes and fulfill their dreams in life through sports , especially through playing soccer .
pele said : " just as an old saying goes , a man needs to beget a son , write a book , and plant a tree . i have now accomplished all of these .
however , i will start anew , because life is not yet over . "
as the most outstanding athlete in the 20th century , pele played in 115 games representing the brazilian team and helped the team win three world cup championships , making the brazilian team a perpetual owner of " rimet cup . "
in his 21 years of career as a professional soccer player , pele scored a total of 1279 goals , setting an almost unbreakable record in the world history of soccer .
us amusement park employee died underneath roller coaster
xinhua news agency , washington , may 27 an accident took place in an amusement park in austell , georgia on the 26th when an amusement park employee , for no apparent reason , entered a restricted area underneath a roller coaster and was fatally struck in the head by the dangling leg of a passenger speeding by on a roller coaster car .
at this moment , the management officials at the amusement park still can not understand how the 58-year-old employee could get into an enclosed restricted area underneath the roller coaster ,
because there is a clearly-marked sign of no entry to anyone including employees .
it is reported that it was a 14-year-old girl seated on the front car of the ride whose leg struck the employee .
after the accident , she was hospitalized for the treatment of her leg and is now released from the hospital .
the roller coaster involved in the accident can reach a maximum height of 33 meters and was put in operation in 1997 .
after the accident , the amusement park temporarily shut down the ride for inspection by the federal administration agency .
the roller coaster reopened on the 27th after its safety had been confirmed .
honda plans to recall over 2.5 million problem cars
xinhua news agency , tokyo , may 28 honda motor co. , japan 's second-biggest car maker , said on the 28th that due to faulty ignition switches , the number of the cars in the company 's planned worldwide recall may exceed 2.5 million .
honda said that the company will soon recall additional 230,000 cars in regions such as asia to replace faulty ignition switches .
cars to be recalled include such popular models as prelude and odyssey that were manufactured from 1996 to december 1999 and mainly distributed from japan .
the faulty ignition switch can cause a car 's engine to stall .
four days ago , honda company notified the japanese ministry of transport that it will recall about 743,400 cars sold in japan .
this is the fourth largest single recall ever since the recall system was established in japan in 1969 .
in addition , honda ( us ) also announced that it will recall about 1.34 million honda models in north america and plan to recall 190,000 and 20,000 and 50,000 cars respectively in canada , australia and britain .
a honda spokesman said that the total number of cars recalled by the company in the world will reach 2.57 million .
chile contemplates filing complaint against us farm subsidies
xinhua news agency , santiago , may 28 ( reporter shen an ) lagos , an official from chilean foreign ministry in charge of international economic relations , said on the 28th that the chilean government is contemplating filing a complaint with the wto either together with other latin american countries or single-handedly against the united states ' increase of subsidies on its farm products .
according to the chilean media reports , lagos , who is currently attending an apec meeting in mexico , said in his address to the press media that although chile is negotiating right now with the united states on free trade and is hoping to reach an agreement as soon as possible , chile has always demanded that the united states remove subsidies on its farm products , and will not make any concession in this respect .
lagos said that chile is studying the possibility of filing a complaint with the wto against the united states . he said , the us practice " does not fit our interest . we may file the complaint together with other countries , or we may file the complaint single-handedly . there is no doubt about that . "
chile is one of the major exporters of farm products in the world with an annual export of farm products worth about 4.9 billion us dollars , of which one third is exported to the us market .
according to a study by the latin america economic system , brazil , argentina , chile and uruguay are among the most affected in the latin american region by the united states ' increase on farm subsidies .
the governments of brazil and argentina have already indicated that they will file a complaint with the wto against the united states on this issue .
us offers huge reward for capture of asg leaders
xinhua news agency , manila , may 29 ( reporter yang zhongyi ) francis ricciardone , us ambassador to the philippines , announced here on the 29th that the us government has offered 5 million us dollars for the capture of five asg leaders .
ricciardone said the reward is part of the us government rewards for justice program and hopes it will help the philippine government to arrest and convict those terrorists who committed atrocities on the filipinos and americans .
he also called on the philippine people to provide information through the hotline in the us embassy to assist with the capture of the asg members .
the five asg leaders , for whose capture the reward money is offered , include their organization 's leader khadafi janjalani and spokesman abu sabaya .
last year , the philippine government offered 1 million pesos ( about 20,000 us dollars ) for the capture of any of these five asg leaders .
the philippine military has stationed over 5,000 troops on basilan island in the southern philippines and also tried to hunt down asg members with the help of the united states , yet so far it has little success .
at present , the asg members are still holding an american couple and a fillipina hostage on basilan island .
currently , about 1,000 us soldiers are stationed in the south of the philippines , participating in the filipino-us joint military exercise that started in january this year and assisting the philippine military in their crackdown of the asg members .
after the sept. 11 incident last year , the united states listed the asg as a terrorist organization that is allegedly linked to " al qaeda " network .
civic groups in south and north koreas to jointly commemorate the announcement of " south-north joint declaration "
xinhua news agency , seoul , june 2 ( reporter gao haorong ) secretary general lee sung-hwan of " pan-national reconciliatory and cooperative consultative association , " a south korean civic group , said here on the 2nd that civic groups in both south korea and north korea have reached an agreement to hold a joint event in commemoration of the second anniversary of " the south-north joint declaration . "
lee sung-hwan said that the festivities will be held from the 14th to 15th at mt. geumgang area in north korea .
activities include folk games , joint art performances , long distance races as well as dialogs among civic groups .
both sides will each send 150 to 200 people to participate in this event .
during the festivities , said he , both sides will also discuss such issues as holding women 's and youth 's conferences in the future .
six representatives from social groups in south korea held discussions with north korea at mt. geumgang in north korea from may 31 to june 2 and reached the above agreement .
" south-north joint declaration " was signed by south korean president kim dae-jung and north korean leader kim jong il on june 15 , 2000 in pyongyang .
the " declaration " has played an active role in easing tensions in the korean peninsula .
first lady in venezuela confirmed her hope of divorce with president
xinhua news agency , caracas , june 2 according to local sources , marisabel rodriguez de chavez , the first lady of venezuela , confirmed on the 2nd that she will file with the court to dissolve her marriage with president chavez , on the ground that she does not want to become " a martyr to the revolution . "
the first lady said in an interview that she believed it is no longer a secret to anyone that she and the president are preparing for a divorce , and that she and the president will eventually resort to the legal procedure .
at the same time , she said that she hopes the president , as the other party in the case , will hand in his divorce papers as soon as possible .
on the other hand , she said her divorce with chavez does not mean she will become a political enemy of the president . she still hopes very much that chavez will accomplish greater political achievements .
marisabel rodriguez de chavez is chavez 's second wife .
hong kong monetary authority announces results of latest survey of banks on residential mortgage loans in negative equity
xinhua news agency , hong kong , june 3 the hong kong monetary authority announced today the results of the latest survey on residential mortgage loans in negative equity conducted with a number of banks active in mortgage financing .
according to the information obtained from the survey , it is estimated that by the end of march this year , the total number of residential mortgage loans in negative equity acquired within the banking industry was about 67,500 , accounting for 14% of the total number of overall mortgage loans .
the total value of residential mortgage loans in negative equity was about 115 billion hk dollars , accounting for 21% of the total value of the outstanding mortgage loans .
at the end of december last year , the total number of residential mortgage loans in negative equity was 73,000 with an aggregate value of 125 billion hk dollars .
the survey shows that 58% of negative equity property owners pay interest rates lower than the best lending rate , up from the 56% at the end of december last year .
the average interest rate paid by negative equity property owners was 0.60% less than the current best lending rate , 3 basis points lower than the average interest rate obtained by the survey of december last year .
in addition to the 25,000 residential mortgage loans in negative equity that were refinanced or restructured in the fourth quarter of last year , about 2,300 loans were refinanced or restructured in the first quarter of this year .
of the restructured bank loans , about 60% were readjusted to a lower interest rate .
the survey shows that at the end of march this year , the average loan-to-value ratio of the aggregate portfolio of residential mortgage loans in negative equity remained at a level of about 125% .
boeing to jointly build in shanghai the largest aircraft maintenance company in the country
xinhua news agency , shanghai , june 7 ( reporter feng yizhen ) boeing of the united states will build a large-scale aircraft maintenance company at pudong airport in shanghai in partnership with shanghai airlines and shanghai airport group .
it is reported that this will be the aircraft maintenance company of the largest scale in the country .
the initial investment for this us-china joint venture is 80 million us dollars . shanghai airlines and shanghai airport group will invest with land and cash .
upon completion , the maintenance base located at pudong airport will have a gigantic airplane hangar that can hold four to five wide-bodied boeing airplanes simultaneously and will perform the d check , the highest category of aircraft overhaul , and retrofit projects .
this project adopts an open investment regime for airlines and other enterprises . boeing plans to continue recruiting foreign businesses and attract more companies to join forces in order to expand the scale of construction and turn this place into an aircraft maintenance base befitting an asia-pacific aviation hub .
output of china 's footwear industry ranks 1st in world
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , june 8 ( huang mei , xie chuguang ) in the international footwear market , the output of china 's footwear industry has taken up nearly 50% of the world 's total . in the global footwear trade , the export volume of china 's footwear has also accounted for 25% . both figures are ranked 1st in the world .
this is what reporters learned at the first symposium on strategies of export of footwear from china 's coastal provinces held recently in guangzhou .
statistics from the customs show that in 2001 , china exported 4.072 billion pairs of shoes with an export value of 10.096 billion us dollars , up 2.55% and 2.48% respectively over the previous year .
industry insiders think that in the international footwear market , footwear made in china plays a fairly important role .
however , there exist many problems in the production and export in china 's footwear industry , the chief one being the low export prices .
officials from china light industry import and export general company pointed out that at present , the average price of the similar type of shoes made in china is not only far below that of those made in countries or regions such as italy , brazil , south korea and taiwan , but has also fallen even below the price of those made in countries such as vietnam .
meanwhile , the export price tends to drop further .
guangdong province , reportedly the largest shoe maker in china , has a current annual output of nearly 3 billion pairs , accounting for one-third of the world 's annual total .
however , the footwear industry in guangdong is also faced with the same problems as mentioned above .
in response to these problems , experts are calling for china 's footwear industry to further improve the quality , speed up product upgrading , work harder on establishing its own brand names and lay more emphasis on expanding overseas markets .
president jiang zemin arrived in sochi for a visit
xinhua news agency , sochi ( russia ) june 8 ( reporter zeng hu ) after attending the second summit meeting of the shanghai cooperation organization , chinese president jiang zemin left st. petersburg on the afternoon of the 8th and arrived for his visit in sochi , a southern city in russia .
tarasov , chairman of st. petersburg legislative assembly , chen yichu , chinese consul general in st. petersburg , the staff of the consulate general and representatives from the overseas chinese students went to see off president jiang zemin at st. petersburg pulkovo airport .
arriving at sochi adler airport in his charter plane , president jiang zemin was warmly welcomed by kazantsev , russian presidential envoy plenipotentiary to the southern federal district , tkachev , chief executive of the krasnodar territory , yepifantsev , deputy envoy to the southern federal district , mostovoi , mayor of sochi and other russian officials .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping walked down the gangway , the kazantsevs greeted them with flowers .
afterwards , young sochi girls in ethnic costume presented president jiang zemin with bread and salt in the traditional ceremony of greeting distinguished guests .
sochi , situated in southern russia on the coast of the black sea , borders georgia to the south , lies across the sea from ukraine and turkey , and is known as the " third capital " of russia .
president jiang 's entourage , including vice premier qian qichen and his wife zhou hanqiong , arrived in sochi on the same plane .
on the morning of the 8th , president jiang zemin visited pushkin house in st. petersburg .
romania reinforces old buildings to relieve residents ' concerns
xinhua news agency , bucharest , june 8 ( reporter zhou rongzi ) newly-erected scaffolds are being seen at three construction sites in downtown bucharest .
workers are not building new houses but are reinforcing the old residential buildings .
based on the three months of inspection and technical evaluation conducted by the appropriate romanian experts , the municipal government of bucharest decided in early june to reinforce and repair those buildings that have been out of repair for years and suffered a few slight cracks in several earthquakes in order to prevent the buildings from collapsing in the possible future earthquakes and consequently causing casualties .
the three residential buildings being reinforced were all built in the 1930s and have a total of 72 households .
before the reinforcement , 70% of the exterior layer has already peeled off .
a six-storied building located on waxili baowen blvd . was built in 1930 and suffered partial structural damage in the 1977 earthquake . however , the unique architectural style of this building has maintained its peculiar charm and never failed to draw the admiration of passers-by .
given their age , the three above-mentioned buildings can no longer withstand the impact of another earthquake .
according to the experts ' estimates , it will cost 100 us dollars / sq. m to reinforce and repair these old residential buildings .
it will be funded initially by the government 's ministry of public works , transports and housing and then paid back by the people living in the buildings in 25 years at no interest .
families whose incomes fall below the poverty line will be exempt from the reinforcement fees .
after his inspection of these three construction sites in the capital on june 8 , m. t. mitrea , the romanian minister of public works , transports and housing , said that the romanian government will also reinforce 100 other buildings in the city by 2004 .
apart from bucharest , he added , the old buildings worth preservation in other major romanian cities will also be reinforced and repaired .
british firm develops software to enhance mobile phone 's ability to process graphics
xinhua news agency , london , june 8 ( reporter wang yanhong ) a british wireless technology firm recently developed a graphics software exclusively for mobile phone games .
it is reported that the software can significantly enhance the mobile phone 's ability to process graphics so as to improve the quality of mobile gaming and make it easier for gaming software developers to write game applications on mobile phone platforms .
currently , quite a number of firms have started to test mobile phone gaming service . however , many aspects of games such as quality of graphics and speed are still far from satisfactory .
the ttpcom , located in cambridge , u.k. , said that the new software they have developed can enable the mobile phone to display images at 15 frames per second . capable of processing multi-layered independent mobile graphics and supporting such effects as transparency , zooming and rotation , the software makes mobile gaming more attractive and helps handsets manufacturers and mobile communication providers attract more mobile gaming customers .
the firm said that they were prompted to develop this software when they found the core chips used by japan 's nintendo in one of its handset games are the same as the chips used in 80% of the world 's mobile phones , both using the technology from the british firm arm .
therefore , a specific technology may be used to dramatically improve the mobile phone 's ability to process graphics .
at present , some game developers have already been working with ttpcom , and the mobile phones and game consoles using this technology are expected to hit the market within the year .
philippines calls for neighboring countries to assist in combating asg
xinhua news agency , manila , june 8 on the 8th , the philippine president arroyo called for malaysia and indonesia to assist in the capture of the asg leaders who may flee to these two countries .
arroyo said on the same day in an address to the businessmen in manila that there is a strong likelihood that the asg leaders may flee out of country . she has already requested the department of justice and foreign ministry to seek assistance from asean , especially from malaysia and indonesia .
in addition , arroyo also requested the appropriate agencies to seek assistance from the us department of justice , interpol and other international agencies .
on the 7th , the philippine government army launched an operation to rescue the hostages abducted by the asg . the american hostage martin burnham and filipina hostage died in the rescue operation while burnham 's wife was rescued but injured .
shortly afterwards , the philippine government launched a large-scale military action , determined to " completely wipe out " the asg .
heat wave hits nigeria , over 60 dead
xinhua news agency , lagos , june 10 ( reporter dai adi ) according to nigeria 's radio kaduna , maiduguri , a city in northeastern nigeria , was recently hit by a heat wave unseen in years . within only a week , more than 60 people died of the heat wave .
quoting kida , chief physician in the medical school of the university of maiduguri , the report said that the actual death toll could far exceed 60 , because many of the families buried the victims of the heat wave without reporting at all to the local health agencies .
maiduguri is the capital city of borno state in northeastern nigeria . most of its local residents are muslims .
according to the local islamic custom , the dead must be buried as soon as possible , otherwise they would not be able to go to heaven .
kida said most of those who succumbed to the heat wave were elderly with heart diseases .
according to the local weather station , the temperature in the recent week in maiduguri has risen to as high as 55 to 60 degrees centigrade .
kida said : " this high temperature is no doubt fatal to people with heart problems . "
though it is now already the rainy season in nigeria , the rainy season in northern nigeria this year is at least two months later than it was in preceding years , so that a large part of farmland is affected .
what is even worse is that due to the drought , infectious diseases have reached an epidemic level , driving the death toll even higher .
nyse nasdaq indices continued to slip
xinhua news agency , new york , june 10 for lack of any major news that may influence the market , new york stock exchange fluctuated on the 10th . while the dow jones index rallied when investors bought low , the nasdaq index , affected by investors ' concerns over terrorist attacks and a lowered estimate of intel 's performance , continued to slip .
the dow jones industrial average index was up 55.73 points on the day to close at 9645.40 . the tech-heavy nasdaq composite index shed 4.79 points to close at 1530.69 . standard & poor 's 500 index rose 3.21 points to close at 1030.74 .
the nyse composite index rallied on the day , yet both the american stock exchange market price index and russell 2000 representing small businesses suffered losses .
advancers are slightly above decliners at new york stock exchange , and the trading volume plunged from 1.81 billion shares of the previous trading day to 1.22 billion shares .
before that , all the major stock indices at new york stock exchange had been sliding for three straight weeks .
last week , the dow jones index shed another 3.4% while nasdaq index took a 5% dive .
under this circumstance , investors absorbed shares while prices were low on the 10th , temporarily pushing up the prices shortly after wall street opened . both dow jones index and standard & poor 's index rose beyond 1% for a time .
however , after the news came out that an american citizen linked to " al qaeda " recently arrested in chicago by the us government has attempted to make and plant a dirty bomb , investors again became highly alert about terrorist attacks and the market subsequently took a downward turn .
in addition , the news that intel corporation last week lowered the projected business revenue for this quarter continued to exert pressure on the tech shares , plunging the nasdaq index to the lowest level since october of last year .
french minister of sports telegrammed head coach lemerre
xinhua news agency , paris , june 11 ( reporter wang jingcheng ) the french team was eliminated today after it lost the game to the denmark team 0-2 in the last match of the group tournaments in the final round of the world cup .
in his telegram to lemerre , the head coach of the french team in seoul , french minister of sports jean-fran ?@ is lamour expressed his " sadness and disappointment " over the french team 's elimination and warmly encouraged lemerre to prepare " for new challenges . "
lamour said in his telegram : " i know how hard you have tried in the game with denmark . now you must prepare for new challenges .
i hope you always keep in mind the great moments of festivities and pride it brought to the french people when france won the championship titles at the 1998 world cup and 2000 european championship . "
lamour said : " only a team that has overcome various kinds of trials can show all its fine qualities . a sport that we take pride in will certainly find a solution to win the championship . "
earlier , french president chirac and prime minister raffarin sent telegrams respectively to the french team captain desailly and the team , hoping the french soccer team will pull themselves together and " overcome defeat , " and saluting them with " the highest respect and sincerest friendship . "
three armed palestinians killed by israeli army
xinhua news agency , gaza , june 11 ( reporter wang hao ) a palestinian security official said that three armed palestinians were killed by the israeli military when they were trying to raid a jewish settlement in the central gaza strip on the late night of the 11th .
the security official said that the three armed palestinians were found by the patrolling israeli soldiers when they were about to carry out their raid after sneaking into the jewish settlement .
instantly , the two sides exchanged intense gunfires .
during the exchange of fires , the three armed palestinians were all shot to death by the israeli soldiers .
shortly afterwards , the israeli military closed beach boulevard that links the north and central gaza strip .
the palestinian security official also claimed that earlier that day three palestinian children were also shot at the same location by israeli soldiers . one of them , an 8 years old , succumbed to serious wounds .
the israeli military already admitted the incident and promised to investigate the case .
gaza strip covers an area of 360 sq. km inhabited by nearly 1.2 million palestinians . however , about 7,000 israeli jewish settlers occupy one third of the land and a large quantity of water resources in the area .
since large-scale military clashes broke out between palestine and israel in september 2000 , armed palestinians have carried out endless attacks against the settlement . the attacks have become even more frequent in the recent period .
since the israeli military ended its " operation defensive shield " in the west bank , about 10 armed palestinians carrying out their raids have been killed so far by the israeli military .
chinese gourmet week held in riga
xinhua news agency , riga , june 12 ( reporter wan chengcai ) the chinese gourmet week commenced on the evening of the 12th at sas hotel in riga , capital of latvia .
sas hotel is a famous five-star hotel in riga , where chinese president jiang zemin stayed during his state visit to latvia from the 10th to the 12th .
karl heinz , general manager of the hotel , said at the opening ceremony of the gourmet week that it is of special significance that the chinese gourmet week commenced on the very day that chinese president jiang zemin successfully ended his visit to latvia , as more people of riga and guests of riga will have an opportunity to taste chinese delicacies and learn about the chinese culture of cuisine .
wang kaiwen , chinese ambassador to latvia , introduced to the guests a few major styles of cooking in chinese gourmet foods and expressed his hope that through tasting chinese-style gourmet foods more will be learned about china and chinese culinary culture .
the gourmet week is hosted by sas hotel and co-sponsored by the chinese embassy in latvia .
during the gourmet week , there are daily presentations of sichuan , cantonese , huai and shandong cuisines prepared by renowned chefs invited from beijing .
chilean olympic committee anxious to cooperate with china in sports
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 13 ( reporter liu guang ) polloni , the new president of the chilean olympic committee , was an architectural designer . since he took office a year ago , he has been pondering about how to design a blueprint to jumpstart the sports as soon as possible in this small country with a population of only a little more than 15 million . china with its emerging sports has come into his field of vision .
today he signed an official memorandum of understanding concerning the exchange of sports in beijing with yuan weimin , president of the chinese olympic committee , providing a framework document for the cooperation of sports between the two countries .
this is the document polloni has been looking forward to for a long time . just as he said in the talks : " i could n't even go to sleep if this document was not signed . "
after the signing ceremony , he said to reporters : " since china is the world champion in a number of sports , there are a lot of things worth learning . "
pointing at the table tennis coach ren guoqiang who accompanied him on this trip , he said that ever since ren came to chile , the country 's table tennis has seen a rapid development . now chile 's table tennis has been at the top level not only in south america , but also on the entire american continent .
however , many sports associations in chile hope to cooperate with china , not just for the table tennis alone .
polloni said before he came on this invitational visit , over 20 single sports associations in chile had asked him to forward their wishes to cooperate with china in sports .
rainstorm fell over guilin , all cruises along li river closed
xinhua news agency , guilin , june 16 ( reporter chen tianhu ) from june 14 to june 16 , rainstorms fell all over guilin . in order to ensure the safety of both foreign and domestic tourists , the relevant authorities of the city of guilin today have closed all the cruise lines along the li river , " the tourist 's golden waterway . "
the reporter was told that heavy rainstorms have caused the water level in the li river to rise rapidly to as high as 146.36 meters , exceeding the alert water level by 1.36 meters and reaching the dangerous level for the first time in this year .
at guilin water transport ticketing center , the reporter saw some tour groups and individual tourists were getting their li river cruise tickets refunded in an orderly manner .
pan changli , deputy director of the center , said that all cruises along the river were closed today to ensure the safety of tourists .
tourists , on their part , showed their understanding of this arrangement .
the reporter learned from guilin municipal flood control and drought relief headquarters that in recent days , rainstorms fell all over the city and 12 counties ( autonomous counties ) among which , the water level in yongfu county has exceeded the alert level by 4.45 meters and all the roads from the county town to neighboring townships are blocked .
at present , the city of guilin has sent out armed police forces on a rescue mission to the front line .
currently , guilin municipal department for port supervision and hydrometric station are closely monitoring changes in the flooding of the li river and taking accurate measurements of water level .
water transport center said that they are fully prepared to coordinate properly all the cruises and will reopen all lines as soon as water level recedes to ensure the normal operation of water transportation on the li river .
middle and elementary school students in hong kong actively participate in " community youth club " program
xinhua news agency , hong kong , june 16 the " community youth club " program promoted by the education department of hong kong special administrative region government to cultivate students into good citizens is getting very popular with hong kong students .
at present , about 126,000 students from over 1,000 elementary and middle schools in hong kong have already become members of " the community youth club . "
with " learn , be concerned and serve " as its slogan , hong kong 's " community youth club " aims to enhance students ' awareness of their civic responsibilities and further their understanding of and involvement in community affairs through various kinds of community service activities .
the " community youth club , " based on schools ' on-campus extra-curricular clubs , offers a wide range of activities .
the forms of activities include visits , debates , seminars , surveys , competitions , exhibitions and training camps .
the major themes of activities involve natural environmental protection , consumer education , crackdown on corruption and promotion of integrity , a clean hong kong , anti-smoking , anti-narcotics , anti-crime education , respect for the elderly , positive attitude towards life as well as other projects related to the construction of community in hong kong .
all members are eligible to participate in the " community youth club 's award program . " the program aims to develop members ' interest in community and sense of responsibility and encourage them to take an active part in community services . members are awarded medals each time they complete a phase of the project .
in addition , members who have demonstrated exceptional performance in the award program have the opportunity of being selected for participation in overseas educational tours .
eu to take retaliatory measures against us over steel trade dispute
xinhua news agency , brussels , june 18 ( reporter tian fan ) the european commission announced on the 18th that it may take retaliatory measures against the united states over the eu-us steel trade dispute and has already officially notified the wto of the issue .
the european commission spokesman gooch said at a press conference that after the european commission has officially notified the wto , " the eu can feel free to impose retaliatory tariffs on us products . "
he noted at the same time that the eu 's final decision on sanctions will be made after the european commission informs governments of the eu member nations of its negotiations with the united states on july 18 .
according to the relevant regulations , if the eu wants to impose retaliatory tariffs on us products , it must officially notify the wto of its sanctions by the 18th of this month .
the us government announced in march this year that it would impose tariffs as high as 30% on steel product imports . this has caused the resentment of many steel exporting nations , among whom the much-affected eu reacted most strongly .
the eu wanted the united states to repeal the high tariffs on steel imports or take trade compensatory measures .
at the same time it is bringing this lawsuit to the wto , the eu has also drawn up a list of imports from the united states such as fruit juice and textiles upon which it plans to impose retaliatory tariffs .
early this month , the wto appointed a special panel to investigate the us-eu steel trade dispute .
on the 7th of this month , the us government announced 61 types of steel imports exempt from high tariffs and said it will announce additional lists of products exempt from high tariffs later on .
meanwhile , analysts pointed out that the reason for the eu 's notification of the wto of its trade retaliatory measures is to put more pressure on the us government and force the united states into making more concessions in the eu-us steel trade dispute .
us adventurer begins travel around globe in hot air balloon
xinhua news agency , canberra , june 19 the us millionaire steve fossett started out on the 19th in western australia and began another journey around the globe in a hot air balloon .
this is fossett 's sixth attempt of solo circumnavigation of the globe by means of a hot air balloon .
fossett , the 58-year-old former stock broker in los angeles , once climbed the highest mountain in the world and set numerous records for seafaring and aviation .
however , there is nothing more challenging to him than flying solo around the globe in a hot air balloon .
after more than a month of preparation , fossett set out from northam , western australia and plans to fly a distance from 27,000 to 29,000 km .
in the meantime , he will almost traverse over all the oceans in the southern hemisphere .
a special panel composed of meteorologists , engineers and students from washington university will be in charge of monitoring the flight plan in the us city of st louis .
fossett made the same kind of attempt in 2001 .
he almost lost his life half way on his scheduled flight due to a storm .
guangdong relaxes requirements on examination and approval of applications for mainland entry / exit licenses for private cars from hong kong and macau
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , june 20 ( reporter xiao wenfeng ) recently , the provincial government of guangdong has decided to further relax the requirements on examination and approval of the applications for mainland entry / exit licenses for private cars from hong kong and macau .
the new regulations for the examination and approval contain the following new changes :
- - a businessperson from overseas , hong kong or taiwan who comes to set up businesses in the mountainous areas in guangdong province with an actual investment of over 400,000 us dollars , or who comes to set up businesses in the non-mountainous areas with an actual investment of over 1 million us dollars , or a businessperson from macau who comes to guangdong with an actual investment of over 400,000 us dollars , can each be eligible to apply for a mainland entry / exit license for one private car during the effective term of the contract . extra large firms are eligible to apply for a proper number of extra entry / exit licenses .
a businessperson from overseas , hong kong , macau or taiwan who comes to guangdong province to invest in the form of intellectual property and cutting-edge technology and so on , is eligible to apply for a mainland entry / exit license for one private car in accordance with the above criteria .
deputies to the people 's congress and members of the political consultative committee from hong kong , macau and taiwan who represent at levels above those of regional municipalities of guangdong province ( including regional municipalities ) , or represent guangzhou , shenzhen municipality directly under the central government and shunde , are each eligible to apply for a mainland entry / exit license for one private car during their tenures .
overseas chinese , hong kong , macau and taiwan compatriots who have donated an aggregate total of over 10 million yuan to set up public community services in guangdong province since china adopted reform and opening-up , are each eligible to apply for a mainland entry / exit license for one private car .
in addition , guangdong province also stipulates that those who do not meet the above qualifications yet are in real need of getting mainland entry / exit licenses for private cars can submit their applications to the provincial government of guangdong for approval .
the procedures for examination and approval of applications for mainland entry / exit licenses for private cars from hong kong and macau remain in effect as they are now .
russia faces population crisis
xinhua news agency , moscow , june 20 ( reporter xie rong ) deputy health minister of russia yevgeny dedkov said on the 20th that the death rate of russia 's population has surpassed its birth rate for 10 consecutive years . with an annual decrease of 2 million in population , russia is now facing a population crisis .
according to reports from tass , at st. petersburg economic forum held in the city of st. petersburg , dedkov said in a discussion on the health and social development of the russian population that during the past 10 years the death rate is especially high among those able-bodied male citizens .
in addition , the dominant family mode of two children and two parents in russia has now given place to that of one child and two parents . the number of childless families has also grown substantially .
he pointed out that in a few years the issue of an aging population in the russian society will become more and more salient .
he said that in face of such pressing situation , the russian government should implement a nationwide economic population policy geared to the needs of the society in an effort to improve the quality of life for ordinary russian families .
he proposed to the government that policies be made to attract skilled foreign immigrants and create decent living conditions for immigrants .
as presented by dedkov , in the past 10 years , the rising death rate of russia 's population was mainly caused by the general deteriorating health conditions of the russian residents .
during this period , the number of russian residents afflicted with various kinds of diseases has dramatically increased .
macau sees remarkable results after stepping up environmental protection
xinhua news agency , macau , june 21 according to the figures released by the statistics and census bureau of macau special administrative region government , in the past year , macau has achieved remarkable results in its effort to step up environmental protection .
of 25.8 sq. km of land in macau , the landscaped areas account for 22% , totaling 5.7 sq. km . that 's 13 square meters of landscaped area per resident , an 18% increase over the year 1999 .
last year , within the territory of macau , only one air quality monitoring station located in the downtown city recorded 8 days when it detected breathable , suspended particles in the amount exceeding the limit . the air quality indices the other monitoring stations recorded were all below the allowable value .
the lowest ph value in acid rain measured for the entire year was 3.7 .
the physical , chemical and microbiologial tests of 120 water samples from the swim beaches also proved that the water quality was " acceptable . "
last year , the total amount of trash shipped from macau for treatment in the trash incinerators was 233,000 tons , up 1.4% over the previous year . residential trash accounted for 59% of the total .
sewage treatment plants have a daily capacity of treating 145,000 cubic meters of sewage , up 17.5% over the previous year .
in 2001 , participants in events promoting environmental protection totaled 260,000 in macau , equal to 60% of the total population .
austrian police solve a series of drug-dealing cases recently
xinhua news agency , vienna , june 21 ( reporter lin chuan ) on the 21st , the austrian police announced a series of drug-dealing cases they have recently solved . a gang of criminals has been captured .
after a few months of investigation , the austrian federal criminal police and the police department of graz , capital of styria province , busted a drug-dealing gang composed of six people of turkish , kurten and albanian nationalities at the end of may .
4.5 kilograms of heroin were confiscated .
an austrian broker was also arrested at the same time .
the criminal police in the provinces of lower austria and salzburg recently had a joint operation with the federal criminal police and seized a criminal gang engaged in selling heroin and other narcotics in large quantities . four austrian nationals were arrested .
they also engaged in human trafficking and organized prostitution .
through the international investigation , the police also captured two germans who were involved in drug trafficking and other criminal activities .
as reported by austria presse agentur on the 21st , the criminal police of sankt poelten , capital of lower austria , after six months of investigation , arrested a local on the same day on charges of selling 4.5 kilograms of marijuana .
the drug dealer not only used the drug for himself but also purchased drugs in large quantities from the black market in vienna and then resold them to six smaller drug dealers .
both two main routes the international drug trafficking gang used to smuggle drugs from asia and south america to europe go through austria .
according to the 2001 anti-narcotics report released in march of this year by austria 's ministry of interior , the narcotics seized within the territory of austria last year were valued 15 million euros in the black market . of them , there were 108 kilograms of cocaine , up 430% over the previous year , and 260,000 " ecstasy " pills , up 58% over the 160,000 of the previous year .
heroin seized in 2000 set the record of 230 kilograms , yet the number increased to 288 kilograms last year , up another 25% over the preceding year .
greece to construct barrier to stem tide of illegal immigrants
xinhua news agency , athens , june 22 the relevant agency in greece said on the 22nd that greece will build a physical barrier along the greek-turkish border to stem the surging tide of illegal immigrants into the eu nations .
the project was announced after administrative and justice officials in the border region of greece held a meeting on the issue of tackling the increasing influx of illegal immigrants .
the governor of the alexandroupolis border region said : " although we sympathize with the immigrants , we can not accommodate any more people . "
in the region under his jurisdiction , reception centers for illegal immigrants have taken in over 2500 people , long surpassing the capacity .
it is reported that illegal immigrants often arrive by crossing the border river evros between greece and turkey or getting to dozens of greek islands in the aegean sea by way of turkey .
greece has expressed its strong support of the new measures for cracking down illegal immigrants that were passed at the eu summit held in seville , spain .
xinjiang university invites ding zhaozhong as professor emeritus
xinhua news agency , urumqi , june 24 ( reporters wang dalin and zhao chunhui ) xinjinag university today invited mr. ding zhaozhong , the well-known physicist and nobel prize winner , as professor emeritus and presented him with a famous painting about xinjiang 's custom and landscape , " winter wonderland in western region . "
after the ceremony of gift presentation , ding zhaozhong presented the diverse student body and faculty at xinjiang university an academic report entitled " my experience and understanding of experimental physics . "
the auditorium of college of letters at xinjiang university was packed as teachers and students of different ethnic minorities listened attentively to the brilliant speech by the world-renown scientist .
after he finished his report , mr. ding zhaozhong also held a question and answer session with students and faculty .
mr. ding zhaozhong , a chinese american , is an academician of foreign nationality with the chinese academy of science . he was born on january 27 , 1936 in the state of michigan of the unites states and won the nobel prize in physics in 1976 .
ding zhaozhong is very dedicated to training high-energy physics professionals of china and often comes back to the country to recruit young scientists to work in his scientific research groups .
vice minister an min of moftec met people from taiwan 's business circle
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 24 ( reporters zhang yong and chen gang ) vice minister an min of moftec met today with a visiting delegation for " three direct links " from development promotion association of taiwanese businessmen of china headed by chang hsiao-yan and exchanged opinions frankly with the delegation on the issue of " three direct links . "
an min said , the idea of " three direct links " represents the common wish and interests of people on both sides of the straits ; mainland china the motherland has always been open on this issue .
as promoted by mainland china the motherland , the economic and trade exchanges between both sides of the straits have reached such a substantial level either in trading or in attracting taiwanese investments that it has become an irresistible trend .
taiwan authorities should take practical and effective measures as soon as possible to remove various types of unreasonable barriers so that " three direct links " for both sides of the straits can be materialized as early as possible .
chang hsiao-yan said that recent years have seen a rapid development in the economic trade between the two sides . there has been an increasing public cry in taiwan for " three direct links . " the main purpose for him to head this delegation for a visit is to do something for the promotion of the " three direct links . "
the visiting delegation for " three direct links " from development promotion association of taiwanese businessmen of china is mainly composed of over 20 people from taiwan 's business circle .
the visiting delegation arrived in beijing on the 23rd and will have a one-week tour of mainland china the motherland .
mt. helan becomes precious gene pool of animals and plants in northwestern china
xinhua news agency , yinchuan , june 25 ( reporters jiang xuecheng and li yunlu ) with the continuous improvement of the ecological environment , mt. helan national natural reserve has become an authentic " precious gene pool of animals and plants in the northwestern region of china . "
the reporter was told that at present , mt. helan national natural reserve boasts a resource of 868 species of wild animals and plants , of which the blue sheep under the state special protection has the highest concentration per square kilometer in the world .
mt. helan , stretching more than 250 km from south to north , is situated on the juncture of ningxia and the inner mongolia , the two large autonomous regions . an important natural geographical boundary as well as home of water-source nourished forests in western china , it also serves as a natural shield against the eastern invasion of tengeli desert and the onset of the siberian cold current .
at one time , due to excessive herding and reckless deforestation , the ecological environment of the mountain area was severely damaged , and the resources of animals and plants significantly dwindled .
since 1988 , china has designated an area of about 2.3 million mu in ningxia as national natural reserve . in 1995 , china and germany also launched a joint " project of ecological shelter forest at the eastern foot of mt. helan . "
this year , the overall enclosure of mt. helan and pasturing prohibition are officially listed as a natural forest conservation project in china 's western development .
after the active enforcement of closing the mountain to nurse forests , afforestation and pasturing prohibition , the ecological environment here has seen remarkable improvements . various species of wild animals and plants are also under effective protection .
sources from the natural reserve administration said that at present , forest coverage in mt. helan area has risen to 14% from less than 10% in the past . 690 species of wild plants grow and thrive in the reserve . state-level rare plants such as the mongolian almond tree , tetraena mongolica and ammopiptanthus mongolicus have substantially increased in numbers .
currently , the number of the species of wild animals in mt. helan natural reserve has reached 170 ; the number of blue sheep alone has exceeded 10,000 .
foreign investments in niger on rapid rise
xinhua news agency , lome , june 25 ( reporter lin feng ) from niamey : as disclosed by a report recently released by the ministry of industry and commerce of niger , in recent years , foreign investments in niger have increased dramatically , rising from 433 million african francs ( about 700 african francs equal one us dollar ) in 1999 to 20.77 billion african francs in 2001 .
the report predicts that the aggregate amount of foreign investments in 2002 is expected to reach 49 billion african francs , up 136% over the previous year .
the report points out that foreign investments are mainly concentrated in niger 's industries such as telecommunication , infrastucture construction , hotel industry , cement production , motorcycle assembling and footwear industries .
the report says that for years , foreign investments in niger are chiefly from the eu nations such as france , belgium , and holland . however , in the recent two years , there has been a dramatic increase in investments coming from china and libya .
in 2002 , the aggregate amount of investments from china and libya in telecommunication , plastic , chemical and footwear industries has reached nearly 30 billion african francs .
the report says that the domestic political situation has been moving towards stabilization ever since niger successfully held a presidential election in 1999 .
the nigerien government has been working hard to crack down on the corruption and bureaucracy in the administration and actively promoting the market economy and privatization initiatives . it has worked hard to change the state 's monopoly over the market and manufacturing departments , develop small and medium-sized private businesses , and actively participate in the progress of the integrated regional economy .
in addition , the nigerien government 's efforts to actively implement a new foreign investment policy and constantly improve the environment for investments have also attracted a large amount of foreign investments .
niger is one of the most underdeveloped countries declared by the united nations . its national economy mainly depends on agriculture and husbandry .
according to the un human development index , of the 175 nations in the world , niger is ranked second from the bottom .
guangdong , hong kong and macau announced a joint anti-drug declaration
xinhua news agency , shenzhen , june 26 ( reporter he guanghuai ) on the western square of shenzhen municipal stadium , guangdong , hong kong and macau held a joint rally this morning for destruction of narcotics on june 26 , 2002 , the international anti-drug day . at the rally , anti-drug officials from the three places read out together the joint anti-drug declaration , which shows that guangdong , hong kong and macau will further strengthen their anti-drug cooperation so as to stem more effectively such problems as drug trafficking , drug addiction and psychiatric drug abuse from spreading all over the three places .
at the rally , a total of 1618.72 kilograms of narcotics such as heroin , " ice , " ecstasy pills , and opium seized in recent years by anti-narcotics task forces within the territory of guangdong province was put together and destroyed .
quite a number of the cases were solved through the close cooperation of the police from guangdong , hong kong and macau .
zhang shengqin , vice director of the anti-drug commission of guangdong province , ms. clarie lo , anti-drug commissioner of the security bureau of hong kong special administrative region government , and ip peng kin , president of the social welfare institute of macau special administrative region government , jointly read out " guangdong , hong kong and macau joint anti-drug declaration . " the declaration points out that the anti-drug cooperation in the three places has achieved remarkable results , but further coordination of anti-drug legal assistance and police cooperation in guangdong , hong kong and macau are needed to solidify and expand the achievements of anti-drug cooperation .
measures include : to establish a system of contact communication for anti-drug task forces , increase the timely exchange of anti-drug intelligence in the three places , set up an information sharing network , improve and standardize the assistance procedures in the three places for special tasks such as anti-drug enforcement , case investigation assistance , capture of drug ringleaders , seizure of narcotics and drug funds , and establish a quick response system for joint crackdown on cross-boundary drug trafficking .
at the same time , topics such as anti-drug propaganda , drug prevention and education , drug treatment and rehabilitation , construction of drug treatment facilities , control of chemicals that can be easily converted to drugs , and anti-drug legislation should be actively pursued and discussed so as to promote the mutual references and exchanges of experiences in the three places .
japan 's aum shinrikyo cult leader sentenced to death
xinhua news agency , tokyo , june 26 ( reporter zhang huanli ) the tokyo district court opened its session on the 26th and sentenced tomomitsu niimi , an aum shinrikyo cult leader , to death on charges of murder and attempted murder and other crimes .
presiding judge yujiro nakatani of the tokyo district court delivered the verdict , saying the defendant niimi , in conspiracy with the cult founder shoko asahara , killed the lawyer tsutsumi sakamoto and his family of three in 1989 ; released sarin gas in matsumoto , nagano prefecture in june 1994 , killing seven local residents ; took an active role in the tokyo subway sarin gas attack that killed 12 passengers and crew members in march , 1995 ; and participated in crimes such as killing other aum shinrikyo cultists .
nakatani said , since the defendant niimi participated in a series of malicious killings masterminded by the aum shinrikyo cult and played a key role in them , he should be sentenced to death .
tomomitsu niimi is the eighth aum shinrikyo cult leader who has been sentenced to death since the tokyo district court sentenced the aum shinrikyo cult leader kiyohide hayakawa to death in july 2000 .
president of xinhua news agency meets president of kenya news agency
xinhua news agency , beijing , june 27 ( reporter qian chunxian ) today in beijing , tian congming , president of china 's xinhua news agency , met george opiyo , director of information in kenya 's ministry of tourism and information , who is also the president and editor-in-chief of kenya news agency .
the host and guest held amiable and friendly talks on the development of cultural and news cooperation between the two countries .
tian congming extended his warm welcome to opiyo for his visit to china .
he said the news agencies in china and kenya have a long history of friendly cooperation , and he hopes that this relationship will be further developed in the new century .
both sides should learn from each other and support each other .
he said , both china and kenya are developing countries , and we are very much concerned with what happens in african region .
we hope that reports from xinhua news agency will allow the chinese people to learn more about africa as well as allow the african people to learn more about china .
in order to achieve this goal , we will strengthen our cooperation and make joint efforts .
he also introduced to the guests the recent growth of xinhua news agency .
opiyo said he was deeply impressed by xinhua news agency , many of whose practices offer valuable experiences and references to kenya news agency .
opiyo arrived in beijing on june 26 for an 8-day friendship visit on the invitation of xinhua news agency .
apart from beijing , they will also visit other places such as shanghai and xian .
us heinz acquires 3 state-owned food companies in guangzhou
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , june 27 ( reporter li siqing ) on wednesday us heinz officially acquired the management rights of three state-owned food companies subordinate to the grain bureau of fanyu district of the city of guangzhou .
this is also the third time that the international giant , whose annual sales reach 10 billion us dollars , has made its move of major investment and expansion in china .
the three companies that heinz has acquired are respectively guangzhou meiweiyuan foodstuffs co. , ltd , guangzhou meiweiyuan foodstuffs factory , and fanyu jinmai foodstuffs factory .
neither side of the transaction disclosed the specific price of the deal .
guangzhou meiweiyuan foodstuffs co. , ltd. is a company specializing in the production of various kinds of sauces and condiments . its products include seven large main lines of soy sauce ( light and dark soy sauces ) , oyster sauce , seasoning sauce , seasoning juice , powdered seasoning , seasoned oil and vinegar , all trademarked with " meiweiyuan . "
the company is located in the city of guangzhou with annual sales of about 20 million us dollars .
heinz asia area vice president crawshaw says the chinese market can provide very important opportunities for the growth of heinz and hopes that china can become one of the most successful markets for heinz 's global business .
he believes that the acquisition of meiweiyuan will provide heinz a great avenue to developing products of condiments and sauces , especially soy sauce-related products , in china .
us heinz group markets its products in more than 200 countries in the world .
with sales of 1 billion us dollars in asia-pacific region , heinz does business all over the major countries in asia as well as australia and singapore .
operation of sports facilities in guangzhou goes diversified
xinhua news agency , guangzhou , june 28 ( reporter jia wenjun ) how are the large number of sports facilities in guangzhou maintaining their operations after the 9th national sports meet was over ? zhang huoying , vice secretary general of guangzhou municipal government said today that at present , the municipal sports facilities in guangzhou have taken a big step in their strategic transition from public facilities to market-oriented business operations and their attempts at innovation in the management system .
in its efforts to host the 9th national sports meet , guangzhou successively invested a total of 1.86 billion yuan in constructing five new sports facilities including guangzhou stadium and remodeling 15 old sports facilities including tianhe sports center .
guangdong province also invested about 1.6 billion yuan in the construction of such facilities as guangdong olympic center and guangdong international boating center .
single function , high cost and poor capacity of self-maintenance and development have been common problems with stadiums and sports centers .
in order to change this situation , guangzhou , under the guideline of " sports-based comprehensive development , " adjusted the structural composition and functional orientation of the newly-constructed and remodeled public sports facilities prior to the 9th national sports meet in an effort to achieve a multi-purpose integration of athletic , cultural , recreational and entertainment functions for these sports facilities .
according to the briefing , the diversified operation has become a current feature of all kinds of sports facilities in guangzhou .
for example , the new guangzhou stadium has entrusted " zhujiang enterprise , " a publicly traded company , to implement a business operation management system ; the tennis facility in fangchun district has adopted a system of contractual operation ; and liwan district stadium has chosen a cooperative business operation . all have achieved fine results .
of course , some of the sports facilities still rely on government budgets . guangdong olympic center , for instance , needs an annual financial allocation of 30 million yuan from guangdong province for maintenance .
palestine calls for g8 to send observers to work for cease-fire between palestine and israel
xinhua news agency , gaza , june 28 ( reporter wang hao ) in a statement addressed to the g8 summit on the early morning of the 28th , palestinian national authority calls for dispatching of observers to the palestinian area as soon as possible to make necessary peace arrangements aimed for a cease-fire as early as possible between palestine and israel .
the statement said that the palestinian leader 's authority calls on g8 to take the responsibility and work towards the realization of a perpetual , complete , and fair peace settlement in the middle east , to assist the palestinian people in reestablishing their government institution and security agency , and to create an independent state of palestine to co-exist in peace with the state of israel in the same region .
the statement urged g8 group to pressure the israeli government into withdrawing its military forces from the palestinian self-rule territories , stopping the construction of settlements , effectively implementing the relevant un security council resolutions and the related agreements already signed between palestine and israel , and ending as soon as possible its occupation and invasion of the palestinian territory and people .
the statement reiterated the palestinian leader 's authority 's political stance of peace as a strategic option and reemphasized palestine 's opposition to all terrorist activities aimed at israeli and palestinian civilians .
the statement also said that the palestinian leader 's authority has already fully prepared to implement all kinds of agreements or plans that have been reached so far between the relevant parties so as to realize the " peace of the brave " in the region .
french unemployment rises again
xinhua news agency , paris , june 28 the french ministry of labor announced on the 28th that in may this year , the number of unemployed , after dropping in april , was up again by 0.5% to 2.2325 million at the end of the month .
however , according to the standard calculation of the international labor organization , the may unemployment rate in france remained at the 9.1% of the previous month .
with the improvement of the economy this year , the job market in france has also shown some signs of improvement , yet it still fluctuates from time to time .
in january , the number of unemployed in france dropped for the first time after rising for 8 straight months . the figure rose slightly in february and march yet showed signs of dropping again in april .
the french national statistics and economic institute estimated that by the end of june , the unemployment rate in france will reach 9.2% .
in its report on economic situation released on the 27th , the institute forecast that the job market in france tends to stabilize in the latter half of the year ; 950,000 new job opportunities will be created in the entire year , and the unemployment rate will remain around 9.1% by the end of the year .
economy in panama continues to slide
xinhua news agency , panama city , june 28 according to the local media news on the 28th , a report recently released by the budget commission of panama 's legislative assembly says that various kinds of data indicate panama 's economy at present shows no sign of any recovery and instead is continuing its slide into " recession . "
the report points out that the panamanian government has so far not taken any effective measures to solve the serious budget deficit and stimulate the economy out of recession .
the report shows the economic downturn has substantially reduced panama 's revenue .
the first quarter of this year was expected to bring 1.19 billion us dollars in taxes , yet only 880 million us dollars was actually collected , with a shortfall hitting 310 million us dollars .
the panamanian government has decided to cut this year 's public expenses by 150 million us dollars , but this would affect the investment in the public services .
the report by the budget commission of panama 's legislative assembly holds that the widespread government corruption , the government 's inability to come up with effective plans of economic development , and failure to implement the investment projects already planned are among the main reasons that panama 's economy has been deteriorating year after year .
since the current panamanian government took office in 1999 , the economic growth rate in panama has been declining every year . from 1998 to 2001 , the growth rate was 4.2% , 3.2% , 2.7% and 0.3% respectively .
the panamanian government estimates that the economic growth rate for this year is from 1.0% to 1.5% . however , according to the most recent estimates from the private assessment firms in panama , the growth rate of economy this year may even become negative while the unemployment rate will also rise .
hamas bomb expert assassinated by israeli military in nablus
xinhua news agency , gaza , june 30 ( reporter wang hao ) a palestinian security official said that a special force unit of the israeli military assassinated an islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) bomb expert on the late night of the 30th in nablus in the west bank .
the official said that the assassinated hamas member was named taher , and the israeli special force unit , under the cover of night , sneaked into the neighborhood where taher lived .
at the time , taher and several other palestinians were gathering outside the house .
the israeli soldiers suddenly opend fire on this group of people and instantly killed taher and another hamas member . another more was seriously wounded and has now been sent to a nearby hospital for emergency treatment .
according to the report by the israeli radio station , the israeli military said taher was the no. 1 target wanted by the israeli military intelligence . he was accused of plotting a number of suicide bombings targeted at israeli civilians .
nets and pistons advanced to second round of nba eastern conference
( afp , washington ) on thursday , the new jersey nets again survived the desperate outbursts of the indiana pacers ' clutch player miller to beat the pacers 120-109 after the second overtime , winning the critical game 5 in the first round of the nba playoffs and advancing to the second round .
the detroit pistons were also advanced after edging out the toronto raptors in game 5 .
the pistons did not perform well in this game . it was not until stackhouse made a sideline jumper , 1 minute 43 seconds before time expired , that the team gained an 85-82 lead , claiming its first victory in a playoff series in 11 years .
in the game in new jersey , nets shooter kidd scored a new career playoff high with 31 points . in addition , he had 8 rebounds and 7 assists , creating numerous scoring opportunities for the nets , which is the top-seeded team in the eastern division .
this is only the second time that the nets have entered the second round since the team was founded . they will take on the charlotte hornets , the fifth-seeded team , in the best-of-seven semi-final that starts on sunday .
however , it was miller who received the biggest spotlight in the game . after his excellent performance in the playoffs , he was again spectacular , nearly making the eighth-seeded pacers a breakout team .
he scored a shot right before the buzzer in regulation to tie the score . his basket was one of the most spectacular final critical baskets in the history of the playoffs , forcing the game into overtime . a moment later , he caught the nets off guard and dribbled to the basket for a dunk , bringing the score to a tie again and sending the game into the second overtime .
the nets , led by kidd , displayed great resilience and won in the end by 11 points .
miller scored a total of 31 points during the game , yet he was tightly guarded and held scoreless in the second overtime .
church pulled out settlement with victims over boston priest 's sexual abuse scandal
( afp , boston , massachusetts ) after the case of the pedophile boston catholic priest geoghan was brought to light , a multimillion-dollar settlement was originally reached between the archdiocese of boston and the victims in the hope that the pending litigation might be resolved out of court . however , the church suddenly pulled out of the settlement . dozens of alleged geoghan victims are now considering legal countermoves .
the position of the archdiocese of boston yesterday came as an unexpected dramatic reversal . they claimed their financial advisors found that the church , already in financial straits , is unable to bear the burden . therefore , they will cancel the march settlement ranging from 20 million us dollars to 30 million us dollars reached with 86 alleged victims of pedophilia .
the archdiocese 's finance council issued a statement saying : " the proposed settlement would consume substantially all the resources the archdiocese can reasonably have access to . therefore , such an action would leave the archdiocese unable to provide a fair and proportional response to other victims . "
under the cancelled settlement agreement , victims ' damages will be assessed by a disinterested mediator based on individual cases . payments may reach as much as a million us dollars for the most severely abused victims to 25,000 us dollars for the less severely abused victims .
How much are you willing to pay for a great tablet
and what amount would you consider to be a deal breaker ?
Ten years ago , when tablet PCs arrived , it was generally believed that the sweetspot for tablet PCs would be somewhere between $ 250 and $ 500 , which is a range that the market entirely missed .
Last year , when the iPad was introduced with prices ranging from $ 500 to more than $ 800 , there was doubt if this can really be a mass product and whether those cheap $ 199 tablets would be the top sellers in the end .
That is , of course , not the case , largely because those $ 99 and $ 199 devices use cheaper resistive touchscreens which can be a real pain to use .
So , now we are in the $ 500 range again , at the very least , and if we believe Apple , then the average iPad costs about $ 628 these days , excluding accessories and taxes .
This seems to be the price people are willing to pay for a high-end tablet , if it carries the Apple logo and comes standard with the best reputation in the industry .
Samsung priced its Galaxy Tab right against the iPad and initial sales numbers were not shabby , but the recent price erosion hints to slowing sales .
You can pick up a tab for as little as $ 200 these days
( if you agree to a nasty 2-year contract from U.S. Cellular . )
It was a very confident move by Samsung , especially since we knew that Android 2.2 was not really a tablet OS and that we would have to wait for Honeycomb ( Android 3.0 ) for the real tablet OS to arrive .
Now we will ask the question again :
If Apple customers pay $ 628 for an iPad , how much will the typical Google customer pay for a great Android tablet ?
How much are people willing to pay for Motorola's Xoom ?
Where is the Value ?
Value , or more importantly , perception of value will be a huge factor in determining the monetary value of a high-end tablet .
It's not just a computer you are buying , in the end .
You are buying perception , as tablets are high - interest luxury items that tend to shed some light on their owners .
Usability , to a certain degree , will play a role .
And there is the entertainment factor , which will pull the tech specs in tow .
The problem that 2011 tablets have is that Apple got many things right with the iPad and there are just a few things that can be improved .
The integration of a camera , for example , or the ability to have a more capable web browser with Flash support as well as the always increased hardware horsepower .
However , it appears that we will always end up , right now , with " copy " as an iPad alternative and not with a unique tablet , which , conceivably , concedes perception value to the iPad .
Even if it is somewhat disappointing from a consumer 's point of view , Google may be able to get away with this approach ,
as it provides an alternative to Apple in many ways , including the app ecosystem and a positive image of the brand .
HP , Microsoft and even RIM will have a much tougher game to play .
However , there are clear limits .
You can experiment with the variables you have in play and Google has surely done a great job on the smartphone platform .
The tablet arena may be a different fight , however .
Shooting Yourself in the Foot
Over the weekend , a Best Buy ad of the Xoom leaked , indicating a retail price of $ 800 for the 3G version , without contract requirement , sort of ( more on this below ) .
This number is clearly about the $ 628 price tag Apple has given us as an obvious comfort zone for luxury - oriented consumers .
Where I live , the Xoom will cost about $ 860 , including taxes .
If I add a nice carrying case and the forced 1 - month 3G time frame , then I would end up at $ 930 --
" would " , because I won't spend that kind of money on a tablet as nice as it may be .
That money would have to be laying around growing mold before I'd consider such purchase , which would still buy me a pretty decent notebook .
But that 's just me .
No matter how you look at it , the Xoom is a darn expensive tablet .
Expensive enough that Motorola may have problems justifying the cost and may need to help potential buyers finding the hidden value
( it's probably not in the integrated barometer , though ) .
For more than $ 900 , I would want to see some real value , perception value and functional value ,
that would deliver a handful of stunning features I can't get on any other ( $ 628 + tax + accessories ) iPad .
I am not aware of any such a feature and Honeycomb isn't enough , as great and as competitive it may be .
The icing on the cake is the requirement that a buyer has to subscribe to at least one month of 3G service ( ranging from $ 20 to $ 80 per month ) to be able to use the Wi-Fi feature .
I have no idea who has come up with this idea , but both Motorola and Verizon , the supporting carrier , should be reminded that consumers will be paying about $ 900 for this tablet .
Requiring extra cash to get a feature that has been paid for already is a plain insult .
Why doesn't Verzion throw that first month in for free ?
Admittedly , if you can't afford $ 20 for an " extra " you shouldn't be buying a tablet in the first place .
However , this requirement is an example of premature arrogance on the side of the manufacturer and carrier .
Some have argued that the Xoom really has to be expensive since the component cost is very high and Motorola simply cannot compete with the locked-in prices Apple may have secured .
We remember :
Steve Jobs said during the introduction of the iPad that the device has been aggressively priced .
It may very well be true that Motorola is screwed and can't go any lower ,
but consumers do not tend to be good Samaritans and they won't pay extra simply because Motorola has a disadvantage in component buying .
Apple is clearly dominating the market and is playing a very smart game - a game Motorola and others still have to learn to play .
You can't blame Apple for having planned its products
and you should not feel bad for Motorola that it may be paying higher prices for tablet components .
The bottom line : If the Xoom isn't priced competitively , it will flop .
As a side note , the 32 GB iPad with 3G connectivity is priced at $ 729 - or $ 100 above the average iPad price .
Conclusion :
Next , please
If the leaked information about the Xoom is correct , then we already know that this will not be the megaseller Android needs and it may end up as a train wreck .
In its very core , it is an iPad copy with some improved features at a substantially higher price .
It 's not going to fly .
Sure , you always have to consider paying a premium price for a premium product in a new category , but the Xoom appears to be well out of line .
By the way , Forrester recently said that it expects the average tablet to sell for about $ 238 in 2015 .
Honeycomb will aim to trump the iPad with a wave of tablets , but the platform needs a tablet that is not just a copy and a more expensive option to the iPad .
It needs to find its own way to provide value , in perceived as well as tangible ways .
Perhaps ?
The T-Mobile G-Slate ?
I am not sure .
To compete with the iPad , we are looking for a groundbreaking tablet .
We haven't seen such a device yet .
As a parent you might never guess all the ways a good imagination benefits your child .
It helps a preschooler :
Develop social skills
As children play pretend , they explore relationships between family members , friends and co-workers and learn more about how people interact .
Playing doctor , they imagine how physicians care for their patients .
Playing house , they learn more about how parents feel about their children .
Imaginative play helps develop empathy for others .
If children can imagine how it feels to be left out of a game or to lose a pet , they are better able to help those in need .
They become more willing to play fair , to share , and to cooperate .
Build self-confidence
Young children have very little control over their lives .
Imagining oneself as a builder of skyscrapers or a superhero defending the planet is empowering to a child .
It helps them develop confidence in their abilities and their potential .
Boost intellectual growth
Using the imagination is the beginning of abstract thought .
Children who can see a king's castle in a mound of sand or a delicious dinner in a mud pie are learning to think symbolically .
This skill is important in school where a child will have to learn that numerals symbolize groups of objects , letters symbolize sounds , and so on .
Practice language skills
Kids who play pretend with their friends do a lot of talking .
This helps boost their vocabulary , improve sentence structure and enhance communication skills .
Work out fears
Playing pretend can help children work out their fears and worries .
When children role-play about the big , bad monster under the bed , they gain a sense of control over him and he doesn't seem quite so big or so bad .
Imaginative play also helps kids vent confusing feelings they might have , such as anger toward a parent or rivalry with a new sibling .
To encourage your youngster 's imagination , read to him every day .
Books offer children the opportunity to visit other worlds and create new ones of their own .
Sheep Help Scientists Clean Up Explosives Residue
A team of scientists is feeding TNT to a flock of sheep .
Morrie Craig , a veterinary scientist at Oregon State University , has found that the cud-chewing mammals can efficiently clean up explosives - contaminated soil ,
of which there are 1.3 million tons throughout the U.S. TNT and other explosives from military munitions training
and the remnants of old factories remain in the ground for decades .
This residue rarely poses an immediate health threat , but officials at the Department of Defense fear that it could seep into groundwater or poison plants ( which has happened before . )
Conventional cleanup techniques , such as incinerating the soil , are expensive and time-consuming .
Sheep will work for free .
In 2004 , Craig discovered that the bacteria in a sheep 's stomach that help digest cellulose can also rapidly convert TNT into a harmless compound .
In recent experiments , he and researchers from the U.S. Department of Agriculture fed sheep TNT for three weeks
and found that it broke down so completely that no traces of it or any related compounds remained in the animals ' feces .
Craig and his colleagues plan to plant grasses in TNT contaminated soil to suck up the explosives .
While the sheep munch away , the bacteria in their digestive tract take care of the rest .
Craig 's lab is testing the grazers on soil from a military base .
He estimates that a flock of 20 could clear an acre of grass in a month , and completely rid it of munitions residue in less than three years .
Craig points out that even if a TNT - eating sheep 's meat found its way onto a barbecue , it could never explode or cause health problems :
" The ingested TNT is broken down into small molecules that are in no way similar to the original compound " .
In what may be a Kitty Hawk moment for an unmanned aircraft , an experimental drone made a 29 - minute flight late Friday , lacking not only an onboard pilot , but one on the ground , flying the vehicle remotely .
" Such events are history in the making " , said Janis Pamiljans , vice president and program manager for the X-47B program at Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems , which built the plane for the U.S. Navy .
" We surpassed what we wanted to achieve with the flight " .
The bat - winged , tail - less X-47B , one of two demonstrators built by Northrop Grumman , flew as high as 5,000 feet during its debut and touched down right on target .
" The team is still analyzing the data , but I will tell you the air vehicle performance was rock solid .
It did exactly what was expected .
The preliminary feedback from the engineers was that it matched the model aerodynamics performance and guidance and control very well .
That is a testament to the teams ' hard work over the last few years and their expertise in this realm " , program manager Jaime Engdahl told reporters during a call-in conference for the press .
The X-47B 's flawless flight and landing back at Edwards Air Force Base in California 's Mojave Desert demonstrated the accuracy of computer models being developed to design software for fully automated , unmanned aircraft .
The trial run bolstered confidence that follow-on test flights of the X-47B aboard an aircraft carrier will be equally successful , program managers said .
Flight rates are expected to be as high as once per week from Edwards Air Force Base as the plane 's capabilities are expanded .
Air Vehicle 1 , or AV-1 , which flew Friday , will then be transferred to the Naval Air Station Patuxent River , Md , . and eventually loaded onto an aircraft carrier for additional testing
Sistership AV-2 is due to be transferred to Edwards AFB next month for taxi tests and engine runs , and is expected to make its first flight this summer .
The X-47B will be the first unmanned jet aircraft to take off and land aboard an aircraft carrier .
With a 52 - foot wingspan and length of 38 feet , the X-47B is about 87 percent the size of the F/A-18C aircraft currently operating aboard Navy aircraft carriers .
" It 's the manned - to - unmanned operation on the carrier that the big paradigm shift " , Engdahl said .
Now a captain in the U.S. Navy , Engdahl says his inspiration for joining the service came in part from the Vietnam-era
pilots who said that landing on the carriers was the most difficult part of their missions .
" First flight of a Navy unmanned X-plane -- that 's a huge deal , but it 's just one of the many firsts to come out of this program " , Engdahl said .
the possibility of a slew of first-time All-Stars , particularly in the Western Conference , where one current starter ( Carmelo Anthony ) might be headed east and another ( Yao Ming ) might miss the game .
Anthony 's possible departure to New Jersey would likely result in Pau Gasol 's beating him out for the second starting forward spot , freeing up the reserve slot that would likely go to the Lakers ' big man .
David Stern can pick any player to replace Yao , and the coaches who pick the rest of the backups have similar positional flexibility ;
though league rules require them to pick two guards , two forwards , a center and two wild cards
those same rules give the coaches the right to designate a player at any position if they believe doing so would benefit the roster .
Therefore , it's possible the Western Conference won't include a single player designated a " center " on the All-Star ballot .
Let's put the Carmelo/Gasol thing on hold for a second and leave that second starting forward spot blank .
In that scenario , I 'd consider the following players locks for six of the West's 12 All-Star slots :
1 .
Kobe Bryant , G :
Will be voted in as a starter .
2 .
Chris Paul , G :
Kevin Durant , F :
Leading all forwards by a strong margin .
4 .
Manu Ginobili :
He 's been the best player on the league's best team , record-wise , and he's doing a bit of everything for San Antonio on both ends .
5 .
Dirk Nowitzki :
The front-runner on a lot of MVP ballots , and deservedly so . 6 .
Deron Williams :
He 's shouldering more of a scoring load than ever before in Utah , and he 's getting to the line more than seven times per game .
He has the size and flexibility to shift to shooting guard , and he does enough defensively to jump above Steve Nash on my mythical All-Star ballot .
Those are the sure things . Being as generous as possible , that leaves ( by my count ) 20 players competing for the remaining six spots in the West .
Of those 20 players , 14 have ever made an All-Star team .
Let 's divide them up by size and skill set rather than official ballot position to get a better idea of roster realities , with potential first-timers in italics .
( Lists are in alphabetical order ) .
POST PLAYERS As you'll see , this is a very crowded group , which means a bunch of deserving guys aren't going to make it .
LaMarcus Aldridge ( Player Efficiency Rating :
20.68  28th in NBA ) :
Aldridge is having his best season yet . He 's getting to the line more and attacking the rim , and Portland just dies on both ends when Aldridge sits .
A better All-Star candidate than some folks realize , especially given team context .
Tim Duncan ( PER 21.60 , 22nd ) :
It's hard to send a player logging fewer than 30 minutes per game to the All-Star Game , and Duncan might be just as interested in resting at this point in his career .
But his pick-and-roll skill remains a crucial part of San Antonio's half-court offense , and the team figures to lean on his post game more in the playoffs .
And he is as solid as ever on the back line of the Spurs ' defense .
Paul Gasol ( PER 23.56 , 11th ) :
He's taken a step back over the last three weeks , partly because of a sore hamstring , but he's still the same high-efficiency , low-turnover skill machine that serves as the hub of the Lakers ' triangle offense .
He 's getting in , especially with the game in Los Angeles .
Blake Griffin ( PER 22.89 , 15th ) :
It's tough to make it as a rookie , but Griffin's already going to be there for the dunk contest , and he's been even better than most folks realize .
He's shooting 52 percent without a refined post game or a left hand , he's getting to the line more than eight times per game and he's been one of the half-dozen or so best rebounders  on both ends .
He's out of position now and then on defense , and is still learning to guard the pick-and-roll .
But securing rebounds is a big part of defense , and the Clippers are inching toward the top 10 in defensive rebounding .
A strong , strong candidate .
Al Jefferson ( PER 18.02 , 53rd ) :
A nice start adjusting to his team and system , but not good enough to make the All-Star team  especially when there's a superior candidate on Utah's front line .
Kevin Love ( PER 24.38 , 5th ) :
His defense , on the pick-and-roll and otherwise , is a bit of a mess , and the Wolves get much stingier when Love heads to the bench .
To grab nearly 16 rebounds per game while shooting 44 percent from three-point range is unprecedented in NBA history .
Will that be enough to overcome the stigma of playing for the league's worst team ?
Paul Millsap ( PER 21.36 , 23rd ) :
You want to pick between Love , Aldridge and Millsap ?
Good luck .
Millsap hasn't been able to remain an off-the-charts offensive rebounder as his minutes have jumped ,
but he 's shooting 55 percent , he 's stroking the mid-range jumper and he 's been Utah's best interior defender this season .
Worth a strong look .
Nene ( PER 20.73 , 27th ) :
Perpetually underrated and having the best season of his career .
He 's had to carry a huge burden on both ends as injuries have decimated Denver 's front line , and he 's leading the league in field-goal percentage ( nearly 63 percent . )
A small plus : He 's actually listed as a center on the ballot .
Zach Randolph ( PER 21.81 , 20th ) :
He made it last year , and he 's playing at least as well this season .
Luis Scola ( PER 19.20 , 43rd ) :
His red-hot start proved unsustainable , but he has settled in as an efficient post scorer on a top-10 offense that lacks any other consistent option inside .
His shortcomings on defense have a lot to do with Houston 's struggles there , and that's probably enough to torpedo his candidacy .
David West ( PER 20.97 , 24th ) :
West might be having the best season of his career , putting up a 19-7 line on a team desperate for scoring and playing solid post defense most nights .
Probably not enough to get him to Los Angeles , but West at least deserves a mention .
WINGS/FORWARDS This is a much less crowded group , which may give Rudy Gay an edge over guys with more impressive stats .
Rudy Gay ( PER 19.65 , 38th ) :
Gay has improved subtly , but he has done so across the board  in three-point shooting , as a passer and as a defender capable of digging in for isolation plays and rejecting a shot a night .
If Carmelo is gone by February , that would leave Gay and Durant as the only true threes that deserve a strong look .
Something to consider .
Lamar Odom ( PER 19.96 , 33rd ) :
Odom 's not quite a wing and he 's not quite a post-up guy , so we 'll stick him here .
He would not be some home-team charity All-Star , by the way . To put up 16-10 while getting just 11 shots a game  and shooting 57 percent  is fantastic , and Odom is working his tail off defensively .
GUARDS Stephen Curry ( PER 19.66 , 37th ) :
The fact that he has missed eight games matters in such a close All-Star race , and it will probably keep him out .
He 's a sieve defensively , but he has improved as a play-maker without increasing his turnovers or seeing a drop in his shooting percentages .
Monta Ellis ( PER 19.71 , 36th ) :
Another potential first-timer having a career year .
He 's shooting better , particularly from three-point range , and he 's as capable as ever of running a nice pick-and-roll on one possession and finishing a tough shot at the rim on the next .
He 's asked to do too much in Golden State , where he 's the best scorer and the best defender among the Warriors ' guard rotation .
Eric Gordon ( PER 20.46 , 29th ) :
and he has shown he can run an offense in a pinch .
Having perhaps the most overlooked great season in the league . He 's averaging 23.5 points per game despite struggling early from deep ,
He works on defense , and he 's getting to the line at Durant-like rates .
Kevin Martin ( PER 22.64 , 17th ) :
Like the guy right below him on this list , Martin is an all-offense , no-defense star , and he 's doing the offense thing better than just about any perimeter player in the league .
But he 's a liability on defense and he 's not the creative force some of these other guys are .
Steve Nash ( PER 24.08 , 7th ) :
He 's the only thing keeping the Suns ' offense afloat , and nobody can't ignore how well he shoots  especially since he 's had to do more shooting this season .
We all know his limitations as a defender , and his three-point shooting has taken a dip , but he 's going to be tough to keep out .
Tony Parker ( PER 20.91 , 25th ) :
Don't forget about Parker . He 's shooting 52 percent and dishing more assists , per minute , than he ever has .
Does he lose points because the Spurs ' offense has performed much better with him off the floor ?
Russell Westbrook ( PER 23.25 , 12th ) :
He has cooled off after a first month that had him in the MVP race , but he 's taken a huge leap forward this season and quieted critics who said he wasn't a true point guard .
He still lacks a three-point shot , but his ability to get to the line has won Oklahoma City some games this season .
Finding the six " best " choices among those 20 names is an impossible task .
I 'd be interested to hear your nominations , and I 'll make my picks as we get closer to the game .
Either way , though , we have the potential for a huge number of first-timers in the Western Conference .
Nigeria 
As the muffled boom of a distant bomb set off by militants gives way seconds later to the clatter of government soldiers ' automatic gunfire ,
Satu Mari listens in the car park of the hotel he owns in Maiduguri , a city in Nigeria 's turbulent north-east .
" Bomb is our daily bread " , he says casually .
" Bomb is our good morning and good night " .
Maiduguri is sliding towards a full-blown guerrilla war and Mr Mari runs one of the few businesses with a bright future .
He lodges army officers .
The government is sending thousands of troops to Nigeria 's north to fight Islamist militants said to have emerged from a small cult in the past decades .
Known as Boko Haram , it is blamed for nearly every act of violence now occurring in Africa 's most populous nation .
After a wave of attacks on banks and prisons in late 2010 ,
the militants are said to have moved up a notch , murdering politicians and poll workers in the run-up to elections in March and April last year .
They are also blamed for bombs that went off at the heavily guarded national police headquarters and at the offices of the UN in the capital , Abuja .
And for the second year in a row Boko Haram is said to have attacked Christmas church services .
All of this seems well beyond the capabilities of a small cult known mainly for its views on secular education .
Boko Haram in Hausa , the main language of the north , means " Western learning is forbidden . "
The frequency and sophistication of the violence has led many , especially in America , to suggest that the group is getting support from international terrorist networks .
Algeria 's branch of al-Qaeda and , more probably , Somalia's Shabab have been mentioned .
Nigeria 's government , keen to win lucrative grants as a front-line ally in the West's " global war on terror , " has encouraged such explanations .
Religious and political leaders in the mainly Muslim north , however , see things differently .
To them , the internationally connected , ferociously active Islamist fringe group described by officials is largely an imaginary bogeyman .
They say there are some genuine religious fanatics in the north
but suggest Boko Haram has been co-opted into a murky mix of criminal opportunists and disgruntled political operators .
" It 's something like a Bermuda triangle " .
says Kashim Shettima , the governor of Borno State , where the group originates .
" Boko Haram has become a franchise that anyone can buy into " .
Goodluck Jonathan , Nigeria 's president , seems in two minds . He has claimed that Boko Haram and its sympathisers have infiltrated all branches of the government , including the army and police .
" Some continue to dip their hands and eat with you , and you will not even know the person who will point a gun at you or plant a bomb behind your house " , he told a church congregation in Abuja .
The president , a Christian who is unpopular in the Muslim north , is following the advice of his top security men baying for blood . He has put much of the north under a state of emergency .
He appears ready to give the armed forces and police a free hand to run large-scale operations .
And he is set to spend an astonishing 20 % of the federal budget on security this year .
Some fear that such measures may make matters worse .
Already deployed in parts of the north , troops are seen by locals as occupiers .
Their high-handed , sometimes violent behaviour stokes rebellious feelings .
A backlash is already happening .
The north 's most urgent need is economic development .
Whereas the oil-rich south is booming , nearly three-quarters of northerners live on less than $ 200 a year , far below any poverty line .
Few government programmes really help the region .
The country 's 80million Muslims blame a loss of political influence .
When the army ruled Nigeria , northerners were largely in charge , but that ended 12 years ago .
A sense of marginalisation has stirred political dissatisfaction which northern extremists feed on .
Yet the intelligence services charged with hunting them down rarely seem to find them , whether they are religious extremists or political opportunists .
So far the opposite has been happening .
The government 's bold decision to cut fuel subsidies from January 1st , however much economic sense it might make , has further widened the gap between rich and poor .
Nationwide strikes have ensued .
Tension and lawlessness have risen .
Yet the Nigerian state has shown it can end an insurgency if it plays its cards right .
Until a few years ago most political violence in Nigeria took place in the Niger delta in the south .
Just as in today 's north , residents complained of corruption , poverty , inequality and lack of development .
others benefited from their largesse .
In the first nine months of 2008 , 1,000 or so people were killed in the unrest and nearly 300 taken hostage .
Over the years , the cost to Nigeria through pipeline sabotage and oil theft was estimated at nearly $ 24 billion .
Militants were offered an unconditional pardon and cash .
Around 26,000 accepted .
According to official figures , 15,000-plus former militants have had vocational training or a formal if belated education .
Though the delta is much safer , the amnesty programme has yet to bring total peace .
And it has been expensive .
Repentant militants each got $ 393 a month in cash plus food allowances during rehabilitation .
In this year 's government 's budget , $ 458million will be spent on sustaining the amnesty  more than is given to the Universal Basic Education Commission , which provides free primary education .
Some say Boko Haram 's real aim is not an Islamist state but a slice of the amnesty cake .
If so , the government should at least explore such a possibility .
We 've seen the first 7 minutes of the last Twilight movie !
The Twilight saga is about to come to a thundering conclusion  and we just saw the beginning of the end .
We were treated to a sneak peek of the first seven minutes of Breaking Dawn Part 2 , and they were both thrilling and amazing .
Doubts :
Banished .
The new movie picks up right where the last movie left off  with some pretty intense action , and an inside view of what it 's like to be a vampire .
It 's a giddy ride .
Spoilers ahead ...
The big surprise at the start of Breaking Dawn Part 2 is Bella 's eyes .
We start out seeing her suddenly blood-red eyes in her pale face  and then we see the world through her eyes .
Vampire vision !
She can see every drop of dew , every dust mite , every speck of grass in the carpet  and every word of a book that 's all the way across the room .
Bella sees Edward lifting his hand to touch her and looks at her own hand ...
then they finally touch each other .
Over all this , there 's a sweet glittery pop song playing .
" So beautiful " , " Edward says .
Now they 're the same temperature , and they 're equally pasty and white .
Bella hugs Edward so hard she hurts him , and he winces with pain . "
It 's your turn not to break me " , he says .
Bella wants to see her daughter 
but Edward says she 's new to her vampire urges , and she needs to hunt and feed before seeing Renesmee .
And then there 's a hunting sequence that 's pretty terrific .
We get to see vampire vision of all the shit in the woods .
Bella runs and everything else is a blur around her ,
and it 's like a more up-to-date , zoomier version of Bullet Time .
She jumps off a waterfall , and just sort of hangs there in mid air .
You really feel the excitement and joy of vamphood .
Finally , Bella pauses  and she can hear all the forest creatures chattering .
And there 's a deer .
Bella poises to kill Bambi 's mom
but then she sees a human rock-climber , off in the distance .
He 's cut himself , and she sees his blood .
Bella runs to him , and climbs like a demon
but Edward stops her before she can go in for the kill .
which is about to be eaten by a mountain lion .
As the lion pounces on the deer , Bella pounces on the lion , killing it instantly .
Edward 's impressed that she 's not only able to keep from killing a human , but also completed the hunt on her own .
Many mature vampires would have trouble with that .
Finally , they go back to vamp headquarters  and Jacob is there .
Jacob seems relaxed and friendly . He tells Bella : "
I did n't expect you to seem so ' you ' except for the creepy eyes .
" Bella tells Jacob to keep away , because she is still learning to control her bloodthirsty instincts .
But Jacob says it 's safer for the baby to see how Bella does with Jacob first .
" Since when do you care so much about the baby " ?
Bella asks .
Jacob does n't quite know how to answer that question .
Instead , he simply tells her to " take a whiff .
She smells him , and says : " I can see everyone 's been talking about .
Jake you really do stink " .
Jacob laughs . " You guys really look great together . "
Bella and Edward hug .
Want to come meet our daughter ?
Edward asks Bella .
Later , we saw another brief clip , where Bella 's dad is going to visit her , and she 's nervous .
Bella is putting in contact lenses to make herself look normal ,
and the Cullens are all coaching her on how to act like a fake human .
Like , move slowly . Try to blink a few times a minute , do n't sit up straight , and pretend to be breathing .
" I got it " , says Bella . " Move , blink , slouch .
But when Bella tries to act human , she looks like " a cartoon character " , as Jacob puts it .
After the footage , there was an audience Q&amp;A .
The most interesting question was when someone asked Twilight author Stephenie Meyer if she would ever do anything with the abortive Midnight Sun novel 
or write anything else from Edward 's perspective .
Meyer seemed distinctly put out by the question , and finally passed it off to Robert Pattinson . "
Are you going to write a novel from Edward 's perspective ?
Meyer asked Pattinson . " They want to know .
Pattinson looked somewhat gob-smacked by the idea that he would write Edward 's autobiography , and did n't really respond .
Meyer asked the crowd ,
" You 'd like it better if it was him , right ? "
she asks the crowd , which also did n't quite know how to respond to that .
Meyer added that she 's been doing vampires forever , and " I 've been kind of burned out on vampires " .
Also , we were at a press conference with Meyer , Renesmee actor McKenzie Foy , plus stars Taylor Lautner ( Jacob , ) Rob Pattinson ( Edward ) and Kristen Stewart ( Bella , ) and all the actors who play the Cullen clan .
I asked if this was the movie where Edward and Jacob become friends , and maybe even learn to love each other as family . "
We 've always had that relationship " , jokes Lautner .
" I sacrifice my daughter to him " , says Pattinson . " That is love .
Yeah , this one is basically a love story between me and Jacob .
He laughs .
And then Lautner gave a slightly more serious answer : "
I think it is a little bit different , the realationship between all three of us
because it 's always been this complicated triangle , and now it 's a square , and it 's become much less complicated .
Actually , says Kristen Stewart , they become " a perfect circle . A family " .
The Rise of Vampire Bella One big point of discussion during the press conference was Bella 's transformation in the final movie .
Stewart has always played Bella as an " awkward , clumsy , relatable " character , says Lautner , and now she 's playing her as a sleek , powerful vampire instead .
Meyer said that seeing Bella as a vampire was a dream come true  including the whole aspect of her vampire body being an amazing sports car , and going , " Let 's break it in .
That was always her favorite part in the book , too .
In particular , there 's one scene in Breaking Dawn , Part 2 between Emmett Cullen and Bella , where they 're " rough-housing " and she beats him , because she 's stronger than he is .
Kellan Lutz was really looking forward to filming that scene since the first movie , because finally there 's a scene between Emmett and Bella , and a guy who 's three times the size of Kristen Stewart gets his ass kicked .
And playing Bella as a vampire was physically challenging , says Stewart  moving very deliberately , as if she 's already thought through every action before it happens .
She borrowed a little bit from all the other vampire performances she 'd been watching since the first movie .
And after the first day of shooting ,
Stewart went to Meyer and said , " How am I supposed to sound like windchimes , you jerk " ?
She had to figure out what a speaking voice that sounds like windchimes would actually be like .
In the final movie , " Bella 's a full-on vampire . The human aspects are completely gone " from the story , says Stewart .
With nothing relatable and human to grab onto , she was worried that the final movie would be alienating
but Condon managed to make it very emotional .
And the final moments make her cry every time she watches them . "
We do really cool things with the ending " , Stewart adds .
Someone asked about sex scenes in the new movie . "
We 're supposed to have mind-boggling other-worldly sex " in Breaking Dawn part 1 , says Stewart . "
But we tried to keep the first one like sweet , it was about discovery . Nothing about this series is raunchy .
But in the second one , we just wanted to be animals .
We 're not humans anymore .
How do you do that ?
We tried , and they told us it was rated R , and we were like  " she snaps her fingers .
The imprinting discussion During the audience Q&amp;A in Hall H , Lautner said his favorite scene to shoot was the one where he finally explains to Bella that he 's imprinted on her daughter  because it was so intense .
And Stewart said she always imagined that Bella would throw Jacob about 100 feet when she heard that information .
But they shot the scene in a small space , so she was at a loss how to react .
Director Bill Condon told her just to raise her voice .
And McKenzie Foy says her favorite scene was " riding the Jacob wolf .
" During the press conference before the panel , Pattison and Meyer talked a lot about how they argued over what Edward thinks and feels , during the early movies
but after a few movies , Pattinson felt he internalized the character of Edward to the point where he no longer knew where he began and Edward ended .
There was some talk about the possibility of rebooting the Twilight movies
Pattinson would like to see other actors play those roles , while Stewart wants to see the movies left to stand on their own .
But Meyer says it 'll be at least 20 years before anybody could do a fresh re-telling of Twilight
and she feels sorry for any actors who try to live up to the performances of Pattinson , Stewart and Lautner .
Also , Pattinson joked that a possible next Twilight novel could deal with Edward and Bella getting divorced , and having a Mr. and Mrs. Smith-type situation where they 're at odds .
Someone asked about The Host , Meyer 's adult science fiction novel , which is soon to be a major movie . "
The Host was a palate cleanser for me " , says Meyer .
But do n't hold your breath for any more Host books
it sounds like she 's not really interested in writing any more .
Peter Facinelli reminisced about all the time all the Cullen actors spent rehearsing together for the first Twilight movie , and trying to learn the family dynamic
including a session at a warehouse , playing indoor baseball together .
Plus they took something called " cat classes "  presumably to learn to move like cats ?
Breaking Dawn felt like one movie rather than two , says Jackson Rathbone .
And Bill Condon was an amazing director to work with , who set a " breezy , effortless " tone with an amazing level of calm despite all of the craziness .
When someone asks during the press conference what the actors will miss from filming Twilight , Peter Facinelli pipes up with , " I miss the woods .
Sometimes I go on weekend trips and wander through the woods , just reminiscing .
And I put my contact lenses in .
Is that weird ?
The actors did a " dance-off " during the final fight scene to surprise Bill Condon during the filming .
" It was like after school club " , says Facinelli .
" Like , we 're meeting at the lunch tent at noon . "
Just found out about this amazing website called Mapping Our Rights .
It 's an interactive map put out by Sister Song , The Center For Reproductive Rights , and Ipas that ranks each state by reproductive and sexual rights .
It also has a ton of other useful information on these topics by state , such as the teen fertility rate , the distribution of abortion by race , the percentage of uninsured people in the state , the number of people who begin prenatal care within the first trimester , the poverty rate , and the distribution of new reported AIDS cases by race .
There 's also a section where you can see on a map the percentage of abortion providers in each state per women of reproductive age ( 15-49 ) .
In Mapping Our Rights words : " More than 20 percent of all pregnancies in the United States end in abortion .
The ability to terminate a pregnancy safely is directly linked to where a woman lives , her socioeconomic status and her access to an abortion provider " .
I love seeing all these interactive reproductive health / justice related websites popping up lately .
It seems like they 're on the upswing .
I sure hope so !
Check out Mapping Our Rights here .
HSBC will today offer a profuse apology for allowing drug cartels and terrorist groups to launder money through accounts it operated in America .
The banking giant will be hauled before the US Senate to account for its behaviour and for what a report dubs a " pervasively polluted " culture .
The bank is braced for a stiff fine it admits could be " substantial . "
Analysts speculate that a $ 1 billion (  640 million ) penalty is not unlikely .
HSBC said in a statement :
" We have sometimes failed to meet the standards regulators and customers expect .
We will apologise , acknowledge these mistakes , answer for our actions and give our commitment to fixing what went wrong .
We  recognise that our controls could and should have been stronger " .
The failings inside HSBC included an inability to monitor properly $ 15 billion in bulk cash transactions between mid-2006 and mid-2009 , inadequate staffing and high turnover in the bank 's compliance units , the report said .
HSBC ignored risks in doing business in countries such as Mexico , a country rife with drug trafficking .
" The culture at HSBC was pervasively polluted for a long time " , said watchdog chairman senator Carl Levin .
It added that the transactions tied to Mexico were typical of the problems inside the bank .
HSBC , according to the report , helped move money for a Mexican foreign-exchange dealer called Casa de Cambio Puebla that was a hub for laundered proceeds .
Between 2005 and 2007 , there was a " growing flood " of US dollars moving between the exchange house and HSBC .
Between 2007 and 2008 , HSBC 's Mexican operations moved $ 7 billion into the bank 's U.S. operations .
According to the report , both Mexican and US authorities warned HSBC that the amount of money could only have reached such a level if it was tied to illegal narcotics proceeds .
HSBC says it has a new senior leadership team and a new strategy in place since last year to counter such failings .
Ismail Ertrk , Senior Lecturer in Banking at Manchester Business School said :
" With recent revelations about Libor manipulation , retail and corporate misselling and now money laundering we are seeing a much uglier side of banks " .
8 Charged in Death of Pvt . Daniel Chen in Afghanistan
Eight US Army soldiers serving in Afghanistan have been charged in the October 3 death of 19-year-old Army private Daniel Chen .
Their intense hazing is blamed for what is believed to be the self-inflicted gunshot wound fixed as the immediate cause of Chen's death in a guardhouse .
On Wednesday the Army announced charges against eight soldiers
they say engaged in illegal hazing that pushed Chen to take his own life .
Five were charged with involuntary manslaughter and negligent homicide .
Three were slapped with lesser charges including maltreatment , assault and threats .
" Whether suicide or homicide , those responsible for mistreating Danny are responsible for his death " ,
said Elizabeth OuYang who is representing his parents who immigrated from China and are living near New York City 's Chinatown .
Chen appears to have become a victim of intense hazing after being deployed to Afghanistan .
The abuse Chen detailed in his diary includes being dragged across a floor , being pelted with stones and forced to hang upside down while holding a mouthful of water .
But long before his deployment , during training at Ft .
Benning Chen recorded the ethnic taunts to which he was subjected by fellow soldiers .
Chen was called by his Chinese surname in mocking Asian accents , repeatedly called " Jackie Chen " and was constantly asked if he were Chinese despite being a native New Yorker .
An exasperated Chen wrote in his diary that he was running out of jokes with which to respond to such constant teasing .
The details of the hazing that appears to have driven Chen to suicide were pieced together from Facebook posts , email messages , conversations with cousins and a few pages of Chen's journal released by the Army , OuYang revealed at a Chinatown news conference .
Chen was assigned to the 3rd Battalion , 21st Infantry Regiment , 1st Stryker Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division , based in Fort Wainwright , Alaska .
The soldiers charged were identified by the Army as 1st Lt. Daniel J. Schwartz , 25 , of Maryland ( no hometown was given );
Staff Sgt. Blaine G. Dugas , 35 , of Port Arthur , Texas ;
Staff Sgt. Andrew J. Van Bockel , 26 , of Aberdeen , S.D. ;
Sgt. Adam M. Holcomb , 29 , of Youngstown , Ohio ;
Sgt. Jeffrey T. Hurst , 26 , of Brooklyn , Iowa ;
Spc. Thomas P. Curtis , 25 , of Hendersonville , Tenn ;
Spc. Ryan J. Offutt , 32 , of Greenville , Pa ; .
and Sgt. Travis F. Carden , 24 , of Fowler , Ind .
The charges of involuntary manslaughter , negligent homicide and assault and battery were pressed against VanBockel , Holcomb , Hurst , Curtis and Offutt .
Under the military code of justice involuntary manslaughter and negligent homicide carry prison sentences of up to 10 years and three years , respectively .
Dereliction of duty was the only charge pressed against Schwartz , the lone officer among the accused .
The charged soldiers have been relieved of their duties and confined to a different base , the military said .
A preliminary hearing will be scheduled to determine if there is enough evidence for a court martial .
The proceedings are expected to be held in Afghanistan .
Bullying is a recurring problem in the military .
Asian American soldiers may be more vulnerable to such bullying in part because they remain a very small percentage of new recruits , unlike minorities like blacks and Hispanics who have become a disproportionately large proportion of military personnel .
On April 3 , 2011 Marine Lance Corporal Harry Lew killed himself after suffering intense hazing from two fellow marines after he had fallen asleep on guard duty .
His case received an unusual amount of publicity because he happens to be a nephew of Congresswoman Judy Chu .
In October three marines were court martialed for hazing and other charges related to the abuse thought to have led to Lew 's suicide .
But hazing hasn 't been limited to soldiers of minority ethnicity .
In 2010 Pvt. Keiffer Wilhelm of Willard , Ohio killed himself 10 days after arriving in Iraq with a platoon based in Fort Bliss , Texas . He was bullied and forced to run for miles with rocks in his pockets , said his family .
Two sergeants were imprisoned for six months and three months , respectively , on charges of cruelty and maltreatment .
The third was convicted of obstructing justice and given a one-grade reduction in pay .
Drink ' til You 're Green
Still nursing a New Year 's hangover ?
Well , here 's another reason to feel bad .
The makers of your drink of choice are contributing to climate change
and I 'm not just talking about the carbonation in your beer or bubbly .
Take wine .
On the U.S. east coast , it 's not the fermenting or the bottling causing the most excessive emissions of heat-trapping gases , it 's the transportation .
For those east of a line that zig-zags down from eastern Lake Erie to the Rio Grande in west Texas , drinking French wine or a local product lessens emissions from shipping .
Everybody west should opt for west coast vintages .
If you were guzzling beer , I hope it was out of a can .
Aluminum production is electricity-intensive , but shipping cans causes less global warming pollution than shipping bottles does .
And aluminum gets recycled more than glass .
There is good news though .
By making the thick glass bottles invented by Dom Perignon lighter , champagne makers will save some 8,000 metric tons of greenhouse gas pollution per year with future vintages .
So let's toast to a happy , prosperous and environmentally friendly New Year !
The Defence of Jerusalem
A citizen of Judah 's View
I was happy once the Passover started because I like the Passover a lot .
I was sad and scared when the Passover ended because just as it ended , the news came that Assyrian army was invading Israel .
At least it was n't Judah that Assyria was attacking .
But I was still scared because I heard from our own spies that Assyria was planning an attack on Judah right after they captured Israel .
I was almost scared to death by the thought of being invaded .
Sennacherib had captured Israel all to himself and he was ready to capture Judah .
Hezekiah , our king decided to act first by blocking off springs of water out of the fortified city .
" Why should they come here finding lots of fresh water to drink " ?
Hezekiah said .
He then gathered his army for the defence of the cities in Judah .
I decided to volunteer for the army .
I was an officer from the beginning .
Hezekiah also built another wall in front of the first wall of Jerusalem .
Our king also made large quantities of shields and weapons .
" We should be strong and courageous " , He said to the army officers . " Just like Joshua was when he was leading the Israelites .
We should not be discouraged by the large army that Sennacherib has prepared for the siege of Judah " .
He added .
" Most importantly , God will be with us in the battle and we do not have to be afraid " .
Sennacherib and all his forces were going to siege Lachish .
He also sent his officers to Jerusalem with a message for Hezekiah .
" This is what Sennacherib , our master says :
How are you going to find your own confidence that you remain in your homes under siege " ?
The messengers said .
" When you say God will save us , he is misleading you and going to let you die of hunger and thirst .
Did you not know what happened to all the other nations ?
No , so how can your God save you from my hand " ?
Sennacherib 's officers then kept on speaking against the Lord our God and against our King Hezekiah .
They also wrote letters insulting our God .
The commanders of Sennacherib 's army called out to our people in Hebrew .
" The God of Jerusalem will fall like the other Gods of the other people in the world , the work of men 's hands " .
When Hezekiah heard the words , he and Isaiah , the prophet , burst into tears and cried out to the Lord in heaven about the matter .
The Lord answered sending a angel and he killed all the fighting men , leaders and officers of the army of Assyria in the camp .
Sennacherib went back home terrified .
As he was praying to his own gods , two of his own sons killed him and ran away .
The Lord and Hezekiah are now highly regarded by all nations !
Chronicles 32 : 1-23
Turn your iPhone into a cycling partner that tracks your speed , distance and route .
iMapMyRide also has a GPS locator that connects you with your biking friends , too .
You can see what courses they 've charted and follow their progress as they ride .
There 's also a friend feed feature that gives status updates for all your buddies ' workouts .
It helps everyone keep motivation high  and at the end of the day , you can find each other for a well-deserved post-workout snack .
cost : free
The hardest thing about getting in shape is getting starting , and that 's where Couch to 5k comes in :
you can be an ice cream-eating , Housewives of Beverly Hills watching couch creature , and this app will coax you into a runner within seven weeks ' time .
The 20-to-30-minute workout plans include interval training , warm ups and cool downs , as well as a way to incorporate Nike 's running system and your own playlist .
Cost : $ 2.99
If you enjoyed watching Coach Jillian kick butt on The Biggest Loser , this app might help bring a little of that same intensity to your own workouts .
Equipped with a sensor that measures how many calories you 're burning , a pedometer to track distance and a GPS unit to help you map routes .
you can bring all the metric conveniences of the gym to the outside world .
Cost : Free
Lose weight , bulk up and perfect your form with the Virtual Trainer app .
It has a database of more than 300 exercises and warm-ups with step-by-step pictures ;
more complicated exercises are accompanied by how-to videos .
You can also use Virtual Trainer to help tone specific problem areas like your abs , arms , back or chest .
The app will log your workouts and keep track of maximum weights and repetitions ;
it even lets you add your own custom exercises to the log .
The one big complaint about the app is that it 's pretty slow over a 3G network .
Cost : $ 1.99
FitnessBuilder combines all the workouts in PumpOne 's iPump fitness series , which include everything from strength exercises targeted at seasonal snowboarders to at-your-desk stretches for office workers stuck staring at computer screens all day .
With 700 workout plans , 5,600 instructional videos and a complete analysis of your progress , the FitnessBuilder app is nothing if not comprehensive .
The app even has a digital cheerleader called the " inspire " feature , which emails you your session logs and recaps the stretches you 've done .
Children from immigrant families in the UK face " significant challenges " in schools which are among the most socially segregated in the developed world , a major annual report has found .
According to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , children from immigrant as well as poorer backgrounds are more likely to be clustered in disadvantaged schools than their counterparts in other countries such as France , Sweden and the Netherlands .
The phenomenon is illustrated by statistics in the latest Education at a Glance report , which found that 80 % of children of immigrant families in the UK were being taught in schools with large numbers of other immigrant or disadvantaged pupils  the highest proportion of any country in the survey and significantly above the OECD average of 68 % .
It found that 79.8 % of immigrant students whose mothers did not receive a high level of education  five got GCSEs  attended disadvantaged schools .
More surprisingly , among those with highly educated mothers , more than twice as many immigrant students as non-immigrant students attended disadvantaged schools  42.5 % compared to 18 % .
More than half of non-immigrant children with mothers not educated beyond GCSE level were also in disadvantaged schools , the report found  a higher proportion than any other country except Canada , the Czech Republic , Hungary , Israel , Japan and Slovakia .
The report , which has collated data from 2008 and 2009 and compared figures from countries across the developed world , said :
" The socioeconomic composition of UK schools poses significant challenges for disadvantaged students and students with an immigrant background " .
The OECD warns that high concentrations of disadvantage in schools can have a strong influence on students ' outcomes in life .
The government hopes its " pupil premium " scheme  which should pump extra money to schools with a large number of disadvantaged students  will help ease the problem , alongside new free schools and academies in deprived areas .
The Department for Education said :
" We are determined to tackle the appalling gap in attainment and opportunity between the richest and poorest pupils .
To do this , we are taking action to give all parents more real choice  We will continue to examine every aspect of the school system to put an end to its inequalities " .
The UK was more positively viewed on social mobility , with 41 % of 25 - to 34-year-olds attaining a higher level of education than their parents , compared with an OECD average of 37 % .
The likelihood that young people with " low-educated " parents will enrol in higher education was more than 60 % the report added  a level exceeded only by Iceland , Ireland , Portugal and Turkey .
" The educational opportunities for people from poorly educated families are limited in most countries , but the UK does better than other countries in moving people up the social ladder " , said the report , adding :
" The playing field is far from level in the UK , but compared with most other OECD countries , students in the UK enjoy relatively fluid intergenerational upward mobility " .
Ten Great Holiday Dates For Singles Dating during the holiday season can be a special treat .
Of course , in order to fully experience this you may need to re-order some priorities and make time for yourself and your own personal needs .
Don't give into the temptation to put your social life on hold until after the New Year .
Manage those work projects and family demands in a way that leaves you open to try some of the romantic and fun-filled activities that are available at this time of year .
1 . Have a " progressive " dinner together .
The following 10 date ideas should help put you in the mood and may even inspire you to come up with a few on your own .
Go to one place for your appetizer , another ( romantic and intimate ) place for your dinner ; and then have dessert and coffee ( nightcap , ) in a quiet spot with a beautiful view of holiday lights or other holiday views .
Even better , go by limo , so you have all your time to focus on each other and don't have to worry about all the driving .
2 . Take a holiday tour of historic homes in your area . Many areas of the country have these . Often they are done in the evening by candlelight . Afterwards , you can go for a walk and view the surrounding neighborhood lights and decorations . Finish with coffee in a quiet bistro .
3 . Get dressed up and attend a holiday concert or play .
You can spend a lot or very little on this kind of date , depending where you go for the entertainment .
A nice little before or after meal fills out the evening .
4 . Go and get hot chocolate with your date ; then go look at Christmas lights or displays available in your area . Many places have dazzling displays that light up the night .
5 . Go ice skating together . Find a nice place , not too crowded .
This brings out the playful side and encourages a lot of interaction with each other .
Hold hands , show off , race - be kids again !
6 . Attend a religious service together .
This could be accomplished by going to a place of worship that one ( or both ) of you belong to ; or you could go to a non-denominational service .
An evening service , followed by a supper in an intimate restaurant could fill you with a sense of well-being and peacefulness .
7 . Throw a small holiday get-together with a few other couples ( or friends . )
Plan an activity such as trimming the tree or lighting the menorah .
Be sure to serve festive food and drink .
A bonus would be to have a secret Santa gift exchange .
This would be where each person brings a gift ($ 10.00 or less . )
Everyone picks a number . Person with number one begins with first selection . Go through all the numbers and open each gift in front of the group .
Exchanging is fine and provides some extra fun . Lots of laughs and very interactive .
8 . Choose your or his/her place , stay home , rent old holiday classics , light the fire and cook a simple but festive meal together .
Play holiday music while you cook .
Then watch ( a few if you like ) holiday favorites together .
Or , you can bake Christmas cookies or other holiday treats together while listening to music and enjoying the fire .
9 . Work at a soup kitchen one day ( meal ) together . Sharing the experience of giving is a wonderful way to get to know someone and deepen a relationship .
It is also a great way to get into the true holiday spirit .
After the clean up , go for a walk followed by coffee or a nightcap .
10 . Go to a planetarium ( if one is nearby . )
Enjoy the spectacular winter sky together .
There is usually a guided " show " that you can experience as you sit closely , ( perhaps hand in hand ? )
Try to pick out constellations together as you walk back to your car .
It is always nice to have an intimate meal afterwards .
See if you can add some ideas of your own to this list .
Then put aside several evenings over the next few weeks and awaken those feelings of peace , joy and goodwill for others .
Happy Holidays !
So this was the first sunset I captured in 2012 .
It cost me $ 6,612 to take this photo .
12 in gas to go from work to this spot and then home .
The camera I took this with cost $ 2500 .
The lens was another $ 1600 .
The Singh Ray Reverse Neutral Density filter was $ 210 .
The Lee Wide-Angle Adapter and Foundation kit was another $ 200 .
The Slik Tripod was another $ 130 .
The shutter-release was another $ 60 .
When I got home ,
I uploaded it to a computer that cost me $ 1200 ,
and then I used Lightroom3 which I got for $ 200 .
I then exported it and tinkered with it in Photoshop which costs about $ 500 .
12 +2500 +1600 +210 +200 +130 +60 +1200 +200 +500 = $ 6,612
So if you 're a magazine , website , corporation , sports team , or advertiser who wishes to use this photo ,
please don't come and ask to use it for free ,
or in exchange for credit or " exposure . "
You found my photo so obviously I have " exposure . "
You have an advertising budget , and this is what it's for .
You obviously don't expect your writers to work for free , or your secretary , or your boss .
No one is going to publish it for free . Just because the picture is digital doesn't mean it was free to make .
As someone mentioned , THIS single photo didn't cost me $ 6,612 ,
but if you wanted to create it , from scratch ,
that is what is involved .
So I consider it the replacement value if it's stolen , or how much my lawyer will send you a bill for if it's found being used without my permission .
If you give your photo away for " credit " then the best possible scenario for you is someone will see your photo , contact you ,
and ask if they could borrow one of your photos  for credit .
Try this  next time you 're at dinner ,
tell your waiter you 'll tell all your friends how good the service was if he gives you dinner for free .
About the author :
John B . Mueller is a photographer based in Ventura County , California .
What do the terms Chatroulette , iPad and Justin Bieber have in common ?
No , they are not a part of a new Internet inspired movie ;
they were the " fastest rising " terms typed into Google's search engine over the past year .
During the closing month of the year ,
Google releases its Google Zeitgeist report that corrals and aggregates " billions of search queries people type into Google " over the year .
Google says the " Zeitgeist captures the spirit of 2010 " .
This year 's search terms were organized into categories based on news , technology , fastest rising searches and fastest falling , among a number of other groupings .
In a video accompanying the year 's Zeitgeist ,
Google noted that this has been a year of struggles , with people searching for information on the European debt crisis , unemployment in the United States and the earthquakes in Chile and Haiti .
Notable search terms for the technology obsessed included gadgets like the iPad , iPhone 4 and HTC Evo 4G .
The iPhone4 also showed up in the top search terms in news , after a prototype version of the phone was left in a bar and then dissected on the gadget blog Gizmodo .
Other major news searches included Haiti , Lady Gaga , mobile technology and the gulf oil spill .
And of course there were a number of location-based searches surrounding the World Cup , which took place in South Africa over the summer .
2010 December 11 Meteor in the Desert Sky
Explanation :
Created as planet Earth sweeps through dusty debris from mysterious , asteroid-like , 3200 Phaethon , the annual Geminid Meteor Shower should be the best meteor shower of the year .
The Geminids are predicted to peak on the night of December 13 / 14 , but you can start watching for Geminid meteors this weekend .
The best viewing is after midnight in a dark , moonless sky , with the shower 's radiant constellation Gemini well above the horizon - a situation that favors skygazers in the northern hemisphere .
In this picture from the 2009 Geminid shower , a bright meteor with a greenish tinge flashes through the sky over the Mojave Desert near Barstow , California , USA .
Recognizable in the background are bright stars in the northern asterism known as the Big Dipper , framing the meteor streak .
Tomorrow's picture :
meteor tower
Runners lace up for a variety of reasons :
to get in shape , lose weight , de-stress , chase PRs , win races .
But you're most likely to stick with your running routine when your primary reason is because it's fun , says Jim Taylor , Ph.D , . a sports psychologist and author of Prime Sport : Triumph of the Athlete Mind , among other books .
A wide body of research bolsters the association between enjoying exercise and an increased motivation to stay fit .
" When you get a fundamental enjoyment from just being out there running , that keeps you going " , says Taylor , who is also a marathoner and Ironman triathlete .
Reignite your running passion with these expert tips .
LOOK WITHIN Why do you run ?
Researchers from Greece and London looked into individuals ' emotions related to exercising .
They found that those who were motivated to work out because it made them feel good were more excited to continue , compared with those who were driven to the activity for reasons such as losing weight or to gain the approval of others .
" If you run to find something at the finish line , such as a specific time or freedom from anxiety you won't find it there " , says Taylor .
" The greater goal shouldn't be about crossing the finish line , but the process involved in getting there " .
Whether you 're a newbie or a lifelong runner , Taylor suggests devoting your next several workouts to reacquainting yourself with the experience of running .
" Focus on what it's like to be outdoors , to feeling your body move , to the relationships you may have built through running " , he says .
" These are experiences that can be reproduced with every runyou don't need a good finish time to produce them .
By shifting the focus from results to running itself you 'll feel empowered " .
CHALLENGE YOURSELF Hard work doesn't just make you fitter , it makes you happier .
Recreational runners who rated their perceived enjoyment after a steady 50-minute run and again after a higher-intensity interval workout liked the tougher session better , in a 2011 study conducted by scientists at the Research Institute for Sport and Exercise Sciences in the United Kingdom .
" With greater effort there is a greater satisfaction in that effort " , Taylor says .
" It also increases your sense of toughness by getting your mind and body accustomed to the pain you 'll experience in races " .
BLISS BOOSTER : Replace one of your familiar , easy runs with a new training stimulus , even if it means simply adding a minute-long surge every few minutes or speeding up the second half of your run .
" You get stale when you do the same thing over and over again " , says Carrie Tollefson , a 2004 Olympian and three-time national champion .
" You have to mix it up " .
Her favorite boredom-busting interval workout is a mile breakdown :
1600 meters , 1200 meters , 800 meters , 400 meters , and 4x200 meters ,
with one or two minutes rest in between , starting between a 5-K or 10-K pace and getting faster throughout .
KNOW WHAT YOU LOVE What type of workout do you most look forward to :
a social five-miler with friends or a club track session that revs your engine ?
While certain workouts are important to meet training goals ,
you must balance those with ones you look forward to , or risk losing the desire to run at all .
BLISS BOOSTER : " There are many workouts that achieve the same thing " , says Tollefson .
If you hate tempo runs ,
for example , you can get similar results with a modified fartlek run .
She suggests running 2-3-4 -4-3-2 minutes at a 5-K to 10-K pace with a couple of minutes of easy running in between each .
If your easy runs bore you ,
schedule them with friends who won't push the pace .
THINK POSITIVE Not surprisingly , upbeat thoughts lead to greater pleasure in the activity itself .
Exercise scientists who assessed the mental readiness of 235 Canadian Olympians found that those who visualized their athleticism in a good light also tended to demonstrate better athletic performances than their teammates who weren't as mentally prepared .
The catch ?
The creation of these positive images and feelings takes practice .
BLISS BOOSTER : Set aside time each week [ more often if you're gearing up for a race ] to picture yourself running at a desired pace , finishing a race strong , and crossing a finish line with a feeling of excitement .
" If you can envision yourself going strong , you may just feel a little mightierand happier on your next run " , he says .
JOIN FORCES While many runners embrace the solitude of running , numerous studies highlight the benefits of working out with others , including greater satisfaction with exercise , increased motivation to set and reach goals , and greater consistency .
BLISS BOOSTER : Recruit a friend to train for a race with you , or join a running group to help keep you motivated .
" I always enjoy my runs more when they are shared with training partners " , says Tollefson .
" It's so much more fun when I can get my workout in and see friends at the same time " .
FEEL BETTER : Simply rephrasing your self-talk  I should exercise becomes I choose to run  relieves you of energy-draining guilt , says Jim Taylor , Ph .
D . Keep It Light There's no denying running involves setbacks .
Sports psychologist Jim Taylor offers these strategies to survive the low points of training .
APPRECIATE THE EFFORT When you accept the hardest point of training , you 've come to terms with what it takes to be a successful runner .
EYE THE PRIZE Imagine how you'd feel if you decided to give up .
" Training can really hurt , but it hurts more to fail achieving your goals " , Taylor says .
EMBRACE THE CHALLENGE " If running wasn't hard , you wouldn't do ityou wouldn't get the satisfaction of going beyond what you thought you were capable of " , he says .
WHILE 77% OF RUNNER 'S WORLD READERS KEEP RUNNING TO " HAVE FUN " , ONLY 9% STARTED TO RUN BECAUSE IT " LOOKED FUN " .
Following the collapse of the Caesarea breakwater ,
the waves pounding Israe 's shores are reaching the ancient port of Caesarea , prompting fears it may collapse too in one of the worst storms in this region for years .
About two months ago ,
experts from the Israel Nature and Parks Authority , the Israel Antiquities Authority , the Caesarea Development Company and the Ministry of Environmental Protection were asked to evaluate the damage that could be caused to the ancient port , which was constructed by Herod some 2,000 years ago .
The steering committee will meet soon to discuss a solution for a complete rehabilitation program for the site .
The riotous mass of bouncy curls that crowns Merida , the free-to-be-me heroine of the new Pixar movie , " Brave " , is a marvel of computer imagineering .
A rich orange-red the color of ripe persimmon , Merida's hair doesn't so much frame her pale , creamy face as incessantly threaten to engulf it , the thick tendrils and fuzzy whorls radiating outward like a sunburst . There's so much beauty , so much untamed animation in this hair that it makes Merida look like a hothead , a rebel , the little princess who wouldn't and didn't . Then again , Rapunzel has a supernice head of hair too .
From her wild and woolly locks to her Clydesdale , the gorgeous high-stepper Angus on whom she races across the softly rendered Scottish hills and glens , Merida has been created as somewhat of an anti-Rapunzel ( at least before Rapunzel received a girl-power makeover for Disney' s 2010 movie " Tangled . ) "
Merida is active instead of passive ,
a doer rather than a gal who hangs around the castle waiting for Prince Charming to rescue her .
More to the point and to the movie's marketing ,
she is Pixar 's first female protagonist ,
which means that there's a lot more riding on her head than that ginger mop .
After 17 years of feature filmmaking and 12 box-office hits ,
Pixar has  ta-da !  entered the big business of little girls .
It hasn't been easy , to judge by the deep divide between the movie's seductive pictorial splendor and its discouragingly uninspired script by Mark Andrews , Steve Purcell , Brenda Chapman and Irene Mecchi .
( Ms . Chapman , the first woman hired to direct a Pixar feature , either left or was removed from " Brave " and now shares directing credit with Mr . Andrews ) . Based on a story by Ms . Chapman , the 3-D movie takes off with Merida , liltingly voiced by Kelly Macdonald , in teenage rebel mode .
Merida adores riding her horse and , like Katniss Everdeen , she 's a crack shot with a bow .
( She aims for fun , not for dinner ) . The only burr in her happy-go-lucky life is her mother , Queen Elinor ( Emma Thompson , )
who wants her to be a lady and polices her behavior accordingly .
The queen is a drag ,
but she becomes a menace when she announces that the local clan leaders will be popping by so that their sons can compete for Merida's hand .
Furious that she has no say in the matter , Merida pushes back at her mother , or rather at the matrimonial law the queen seemingly upholds by herself while her husband , King Fergus ( Billy Connolly , ) goofs from his throne .
But when defiance doesn't do ,
Merida asks for help from a witch ( Julie Walters , )
who , in a charmingly conceived and choreographed episode with a burbling caldron , a quorking crow and ye olde toil and trouble , offers a quirky spell that sidelines the queen .
When Merida realizes that she may lose her mother permanently ,
though , she sets out to rescue her and , by extension , her family .
It's easy to see why Merida prefers galloping into the world to sitting pretty at home .
Early on there's a scene in which she jumps in the saddle and races into a wonderland painted green and splashed with purple .
She 's a wee thing ,
about the size of one of Angus 's feathered legs ,
but her flaming hair and fiery daring  she shoots from the saddle , bull's-eyeing targets  make her seem bigger .
When she takes a breather , surveying the land ( this is her land , you sense ) while Angus rolls on the grass like a puppy , you see her at peace with herself .
It's a welcome , unusually introspective interlude that slips into the ecstatic when she scrambles up a rock wall and twirls on its summit , laughing , happy , free and alone .
This extended peek at Merida 's blissfully intimate reverie makes both her inner and outer worlds vividly present and alive .
You see what she sees and loves , and later ,
when she rebels against the queen , you understand what's at stake for her :
pleasure , independence , transcendence .
The animation , particularly in the outdoor scenes , can be transfixing with the photorealist details 
every blade of grass and each hair in Angus's mane looks perfectly individuated 
blending seamlessly with the cartoon impressionism .
There's an especially enchanting moment during Merida 's long ride when she and Angus leap across a fallen tree ,
her hair streaming behind her ,
its tumbling loveliness mirroring both the surrounding forest thicket and the flowing hair on the horse 's legs .
The association of Merida with the natural world accounts for some of the movie's most beautifully animated sequences , and in other , smarter or maybe just braver , hands it might have also inspired new thinking about women , men , nature and culture .
Here , however , the nature-culture divide is drawn along traditional gender lines .
The slim , tidy Elinor serves as the custodian of a dreary feminine realm , which for Merida means hours indoors , being groomed and learning lessons ,
while the freakishly large Fergus represents a rambunctious , barely domesticated masculine world of huge appetites , tall tales and unruly laughter .
Fergus gives Merida a bow and teaches her to shoot in the great outdoors ;
Elinor primly ( and amusingly ) tells her daughter ,
" A lady does not place her weapon on the table " .
( Merida promptly pulls out a wavy lock so that it springs across her forehead , defiantly wagging , nyah , nyah , like a tongue ) .
The tussling between Elinor and Merida is familiar ,
but while the mother-daughter clashes may make the story " relatable " , they drain it of its mythopoetic potential , turning what could have been a cool postmodern fairy tale into another family melodrama .
Part of Pixar's genius has been how it uses fanciful facsimiles of the real world to retool myths ,
including that of the voyaging hero ( " Finding Nemo " and so on . )
Merida ends up with a quest too , but because she 's female and to the throne born , she also comes with some tricky princess baggage , notably the queen .
In contrast to Snow White 's stepmother , Elinor isn't a classic villainess  she's motivated by clan tradition rather than that great feminine evil : vanity .
Yet she effectively performs the same instigating role ,
pushing the story and her daughter forward .
In many respects Elinor is the most complex character in " Brave " ,
mostly because the filmmakers come across as seriously conflicted about her , presenting her as a model of dignified queenly restraint ,
then as a killjoy intent on dampening her daughter and husband 's joy  she steps on Fergus 's lines and clucks at his raucous boys-will-be-boys merriment  and finally as a comically unnatural figure of ladylike propriety .
( She can be oddly oblivious to her tiny troublemaking sons ,
a trio who bounce around like the Ritz Brothers ) .
At one point Fergus , trying to comfort Elinor , suggests that they engage in role playing ,
with him pretending to be Merida . " I don't want to get married " , he announces in falsetto .
" I want to stay single and let my hair flow in the wind as I ride through the glen firing arrows into the sunset " .
Sounds good to me !
It 's the funniest bit in the movie ,
but also mean and disappointingly telling .
Merida doesn't dream that her prince will come ;
the alternative is comically unthinkable .
within the logic of the movie ,
It's no great surprise that she wins the struggle to determine her fate .
" Brave " is rated PG ( Parental guidance suggested . )
Directed by Mark Andrews and Brenda Chapman ;
written by Mr . Andrews , Steve Purcell , Ms . Chapman and Irene Mecchi ,
based on an original story by Ms . Chapman ;
music by Patrick Doyle ;
produced by Katherine Sarafian ;
released by Disney - Pixar .
Running time :
1 hour 35 minutes .
WITH THE VOICES OF :
Kelly Macdonald ( Merida , ) Emma Thompson ( Queen Elinor , ) Billy Connolly ( King Fergus , ) Kevin McKidd ( Lord MacGuffin/Young MacGuffin , ) Craig Ferguson ( Lord Macintosh , ) Robbie Coltrane ( Lord Dingwall ) and Julie Walters ( Witch . )
Ron Paul's Golden Opportunity Who better to host the debate over sound money in Congress than the Fed's most persistent critic ?
By SETH LIPSKY One of the most exciting features of the new Congress is the prospect that the chairmanship of a House subcommittee that oversees the Federal Reserve will go to Ron Paul .
Final assignments are still being worked out , and the leadership may yet shy away from giving the position to a congressman who doesn't believe the Fed should exist .
But Dr . Paul , anobstetrician , has been the ranking Republican of the Domestic Monetary Policy and Technology subcommittee , and tradition suggests he will be the next chairman .
This couldn't come at a more timely moment, though Dr . Paul has been working his way up to the assignment for more than a generation .
I first met the congressman nearly 30 years ago , back when the physician-turned-legislator was emerging on the national scene as a member of the United States Gold Commission .
The commission had been formed at the start of the Reagan administration to consider whether America, in the wake of the collapse of Bretton Woods , should move to sound money .
In the event , the committee recoiled from reform .
But Dr . Paul wrote a dissent that made the case for gold and is still being read today .
At the time , the value of the dollar had recently plunged to less than 1/800th of an ounce of gold .
The collapse was reversed by the pro-growth policies of President Reagan and by a Fed chairman, in Paul Volcker , of uncommon vision and courage .
Momentum for a gold standard was hard to sustain when inflation was being brought down , if not conquered , by other means .
Right now we are experiencing an even more dramatic collapse of the greenbackthis time to little more than 1/1,400th of an ounce of goldand the issue has returned with a vengeance .
The Fed is reacting to the dollar's collapse with a campaign of quantitative easing .
The plan is to cascade hundreds of billions of additional dollars into the economyon the theory that we need inflation .
No doubt this kind of thing will , if Dr . Paul accedes to the chairmanship , come in for a good deal more focused oversight than the committee has provided under Democratic leadership .
Heretofore , the subcommittee has" basically been a committee that's dealt with commemorative coins," as Dr . Paul has put it .
In a conversation with me on Monday , the congressman said that he intends to get into the question of monetary policy itself .
He would start by bringing in to testify to the committee not only the Fed chairman , but some of the leading officers and economists of some of the regional banks in the Federal Reserve system .
More far-reaching still is the prospect that Dr . Paul might use the committee to open up the deepest monetary issues, pressing for audits of America's gold holdings and of the Fed itself .
At one point this week , the congressman's book , " End the Fed " , ranked No . 2 on Amazon's list of the best-selling business books dealing with money and monetary policy , ahead of volumes by such luminaries of the right and left as Milton Friedman , George Soros and John Maynard Keynes himself .
Most exciting is the prospect that Dr . Paul will be able to bring into the national conversation such figures as , say, Edwin Vieira Jr , . the visionary lawyer who has become the sage of the idea of constitutional money .
That's a reference to the unit of account to which the Founders were referring when they twice used the word " dollars " in the Constitution , and which they codified in the Coinage Act of 1792 as 371 grains of pure silver , the same as in a then-ubiquitous coin known as the Spanish Milled Dollar , or its free-market equivalent in gold .
If Dr . Paul does accede to the chairmanship of the monetary subcommittee , he will , in but a few months , gavel it to order on the 40th anniversary of the summer in which President Nixon closed the gold window and brought an end to Bretton Woods .
Yet a few weeks ago , former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan himself , speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations, warned that " fiat money has no place to go but gold " .
Even the president of the World Bank , Robert Zoellick , has just called for restoring a role for gold in the monetary system .
The great debate is finally starting up again .
Who better to host it in Congress than the diminutive doctor who , more faithfully than anyone else on the Hill , has for more than a generation stood for the idea of sound money ?
One sign of the seriousness of the scandal that threatens to topple the Italian government is the fact that for the first few days after it broke on Oct . 27 , the country's newspapers couldn't print an unedited picture of the woman who sparked it .
a Moroccan belly dancer who allegedly told prosecutors she had been paid to attend " bunga-bunga " sex parties thrown by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
For nearly a week , Italy's broadsheets ran photos of Karima El Mahroug ,
The pictures concealed little ; they showed her dressed , variously , in thigh-high boots , a red-feather bra , and a plunge-cut tank top .
they showed her dressed , variously , in thigh-high boots , a red-feather bra , and a plunge-cut tank top .
But they did hide one part of the anatomy : her eyes .
Until Nov . 1 , when El Mahroug turned 18 , the press carefully pixilated part of her face in an attempt to protect the privacy of a minor .
It wasn't the first time that the 74-year-old Prime Minister had been accused of keeping company with underage girls .
But the latest scandal was accompanied by a torrent of revelations that have undermined the already weakened premiership to the point of collapse .
On Wednesday , the weekly magazine Oggi published what it says is video footage of showgirls being driven to Berlusconi's villa , and , according to Italian press reports , at least three of the Prime Minister's associates are under investigation for aiding and abetting prostitution .
On Wednesday , the weekly magazine Oggi published what it says is video footage of showgirls being driven to Berlusconi's villa , and , according to Italian press reports , at least three of the Prime Minister's associates are under investigation for aiding and abetting prostitution .
but has said she was given nearly $ 10,000 and some jewelry after attending his parties .
Last week , another woman came forward to say she had been paid to have sex with the Prime Minister .
( See Berlusconi and the top 10 old leaders ) .
Perhaps most damaging are allegations that Berlusconi abused the power of his office when he called a police station in May after El Mahroug was detained on suspicions of theft .
Perhaps most damaging are allegations that Berlusconi abused the power of his office when he called a police station in May after El Mahroug was detained on suspicions of theft .
According to press reports , Berlusconi told the officers that she was the granddaughter of Egypt's President , Hosni Mubarak ,
But the Prime Minister seems to have pushed up against the limit of what Italy's famously tolerant electorate will accept in a politician's private life .
But the Prime Minister seems to have pushed up against the limit of what Italy's famously tolerant electorate will accept in a politician's private life .
most dramatically by his ally-turned-adversary ,
speaker of the lower house Gianfranco Fini , who lastweekend called on the Prime Minister to resign .
speaker of the lower house Gianfranco Fini , who last weekend called on the Prime Minister to resign .
Fini , a partner in Berlusconi's ruling right-wing coalition , controls a group of parliamentarians who have broken away from the Prime Minister's ruling party .
" This scandal was a signal that it was time to turn the page in a definitive way " , says Alessandro Campi , director of Fare Futuro , a think tank of which Fini is president . " For the good of the center-right , and of the country , Berlusconi needs to accept the sacrifice of leaving the Prime Minister's office and allow the birth of something new " .
The showdown comes after months of wrangling between the two men ,
with Fini playing a game of brinkmanship in an effort to undermine the Prime Minister without being seen as the one who plunged his country into electoral chaos in a time of crisis .
" He has to appeal to the center-right which wants somebody stable and secure , somebody who doesn't rock the boat " .
" Fini's main concern is that he doesn't want to be seen as bringing down the government " , says James Walston , a political scientist at the American University of Rome .
According to Campi , Fini , once seen as the Prime Minister's natural successor , has proposed a reorganization and expansion of the ruling coalition ,
one in which Berlusconi would play an important role  just not the central one .
" On one point , Fini won't cede " , says Campi .
" He's against a second Berlusconi government " .
Berlusconi has not publicly commented on Fini's demands , but Italian newsagencies quote sources in the Prime Minister's People of Freedom party saying that , in private , Berlusconi responded that if Fini wants him to go , he will have to " come out into the open and vote me out in parliament " .
Whatever the outcome of the current standoff , most commentators agree that El Mahroug's revelations have almost certainly tipped the government toward collapse  if not immediately , then after it has limped on long enough to pass crucial measures , like the annual budget .
In any case , elections are expected to take place no earlier than March , when the country's sitting parliamentarians will have stayed in office just as long as they need to receive their generous life-long pensions .
Perhaps surprisingly , El Mahroug may be the one person who has come out ahead from the scandal .
On Thursday , she hosted a party at a nightclub in Genova ,
arriving by Ferrari and wearing high heels and a blue Yves Saint Laurent dress .
The clothes , she told reporters , had been birthday presents from friends .
Asked if she had received anything from Berlusconi , she answered :
" Silvio is not a friend " .
7 ways to keep audience attention during your presentation by Olivia Mitchell Keeping audience attention is more important and more difficult than grabbing audience attention .
A reader emailed me :
" What can I do to keep the audience's attention through the whole of my presentation .
There are always people who don't seem to be listening " .
A one-way presentation is one of the worst possible ways of transferring information from person to person .
It requires discipline and effort to simply sit and listen passively to someone speak for any length of time .
Make it easier for your audience by following these seven guidelines :
[ Warning :
The first three guidelines require that you know your audience - do the work to find out what your audience is interested in , their background knowledge , level of experience etc ] .
1 .
Talk about something your audience is interested in You may think this is obvious and that you'd never make this mistake .
But I see many otherwise intelligent people talk about what they're interested in rather than what the audience is interested in .
Last week , a business banking specialist started designing a presentation he was planning to deliver to accountancy firms in his city .
Most of his talk was about the internal organisational changes they had made in their team which would allow the team to service their clients better .
But do his audience care about the internal organisational changes ?
No . His talk should have been focused on the services they offered to clients .
If you're speaking at a conference , people come to your session because of the synopsis  that's what they're interested in .
Don't change it just because it suits you .
Many years ago , I saw one of New Zealand's most successful professional speakers make this mistake .
Her session was advertised as being on email marketing .
But , she'd just got entranced by Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) for websites .
She announced at the start that she didn't want to talk about email marketing , but about SEO .
Then she asked how many people in the audience had a website .
About 5 people out of 100 put their hands up .
You'd think she'd change tack  but no . 95 people were subjected to a talk on a subject they had no interest in .
2 .
Tell them why they should listen Before each of the presentations skills courses we run , we ask each participant to fill in an online questionnaire .
The most critical question is this :
" How important are presentation skills to you " ?
They answer by clicking on range of multichoice answers from " It's vitally important " to " It's not that important . "
If a number of participants click on " It's not that important " then we know we have to start the course by demonstrating the benefits of developing presentation skills .
I start by telling my story of how developing presentation skills has enriched my career .
Then Tony tells of speaking at his father's funeral and the feeling of completion that that gave him .
Now they've got a reason to listen .
So if your audience don't have an obvious reason to be interested , tell them why they should bother listening to you .
This can be challenging .
I've had email discussions with a number of readers who present on topics such as health and safety issues or environmental regulations .
The audience have to be there , but they have no intrinsic interest in the topic .
The solution is to tell them why they should care .
If you're speaking on health and safety , tell them stories of people injured in your workplace and the consequences it had for them .
I still remember being an audience member in a presentation on Occupational Overuse Syndrome .
The speaker had suffered from it herself and described how she'd been unable to brush her own hair .
And if you can't find a reason why they should listen  don't give the presentation !
3 .
Don't make it too easy or too hard You've probably heard of the concept of " flow " developed by Csikszentmihalyi .
Flow is a state of being where you are fully engaged and fulfilled in what you're doing .
You lose track of time , your mind never wanders .
When you describe a speaker as " compelling " that's probably because you were in a state of flow .
The ultimate goal is to have your audience in a state of flow ( h/t to Chris Atherton and her post When giving presentations , the only rule that matters is the rule is attention ) .
There are many factors to achieve that nirvana , but one of the prerequisites for flow to occur is for the task to be not too easy and not too hard .
When listening to a presentation , the main task is thinking .
The thinking task you set has to have just the right level of challenge for the particular audience you're speaking to .
The level of challenge required will differ for different audiences  their confidence in the topic and their background knowledge being critical factors .
Listening to somebody talk through a series of bullet points does not require challenging thinking .
So it gets boring very quickly .
Conversely , if the speaker puts up a complicated flow chart and dives right into the detail without explaining what it's about , the thinking task will be too challenging .
Daniel Willingham , in his book " Why students don't like school " describes doing just this ( as an experiment ):
After about 15 seconds I stopped and said to the audience , " Anyone who is still listening to me ,
please raise your hand " .
One person did .
So audit every minute of your presentation in terms of what is the thinking task that you're asking your audience to engage in .
Is it too easy or too hard ?
4 .
" Change grabs attention " The heading comes from Daniel Willingham's book that I've quoted above ( yes , it's what I'm reading at the moment . )
We notice change .
You notice the hum of the air-conditioner when it comes on and when it goes off  but not in between .
You can use this natural human propensity to retrieve your audience's attention .
There are macro changes and there are micro changes :
Macro-changes Change the visual medium eg :
from slides to flipchart and back again
Change the physical state of the audience eg :
from sitting around a table to standing around a flipchart
Change the location of the room that you present from eg :
from the front to the back Change the activity your audience is engaged in eg :
from listening to you to discussing a problem with their neighbour Change presenters Change topics .
Micro-changes Make the edges between subtopics in your presentation clear eg :
" So that's the problem we're trying to fix , let's look now at what some of the options are " .
Show a short video Use silence before and after critical statements Change your style of delivery according to the content .
For instance when you're making statements of fact , use a measured deliberate tone and stand still .
When you tell a story , speed up , get chatty and move around .
As a guide , I use a macro-change at least every 10 minutes , and micro-changes continuously .
5 .
Tell stories Every presentation expert extolls the power of stories .
There's evidence that people are hard-wired to listen to stories ( see my post Are our brains wired to enjoy stories . )
When you say " I'll tell you a story about "
your audience will perk up .
Your stories should of course reinforce the point you're making .
Take a look at your presentation from the point of view of stories .
Are they sprinkled throughout your presentation  or bunched together ?
Sprinkle them out for best effect .
For more strategic insights into when and where to tell stories see When to tell a story and what story to tell .
You can also exploit the power of story to keep attention by structuring your whole presentation using a story structure
 I'll write more on this later ( meanwhile if you know of any good links to this concept please do post them in the comments . ) 6 .
Have frequent breaks Build in frequent breaks , but if you see people starting to flag in their attention suggest a " microbreak " for 1-2 minutes where people can refresh their drinks and have a walk around .
Moving is the most effective way of reviving people at risk of dozing off .
7 .
Make it short The most effective way of keeping your audience's attention is not to go on for too long .
For more great points on keeping audience attention see Chris Atherton's post When giving presentations , the only rule that matters is the rule is attention .
In July 2010 Burt's Bees , a personal-care products company , was undergoing enormous change as it began a global expansion into 19 new countries .
In this kind of high-pressure situation , many leaders pester their deputies with frequent meetings or flood their in-boxes with urgent demands .
In doing so , managers jack up everyone's anxiety level , which activates the portion of the brain that processes threatsthe amygdalaand steals resources from the prefrontal cortex , which is responsible for effective problem solving .
Burt's Bees's then-CEO , John Replogle , took a different tack .
Each day , he'd send out an e-mail praising a team member for work related to the global rollout .
He'd interrupt his own presentations on the launch to remind his managers to talk with their teams about the company's values .
He asked me to facilitate a three-hour session with employees on happiness in the midst of the expansion effort .
As one member of the senior team told me a year later , Replogle's emphasis on fostering positive leadership kept his managers engaged and cohesive as they successfully made the transition to a global company .
That outcome shouldn't surprise us .
Research shows that when people work with a positive mind-set , performance on nearly every levelproductivity , creativity , engagementimproves .
Yet happiness is perhaps the most misunderstood driver of performance .
For one , most people believe that success precedes happiness .
" Once I get a promotion , I'll be happy " , they think .
Or , " Once I hit my sales target , I'll feel great " .
But because success is a moving targetas soon as you hit your target , you raise it againthe happiness that results from success is fleeting .
In fact , it works the other way around :
People who cultivate a positive mind-set perform better in the face of challenge .
I call this the " happiness advantage"every business outcome shows improvement when the brain is positive .
I've observed this effect in my role as a researcher and lecturer in 48 countries on the connection between employee happiness and success .
And I'm not alone :
In a meta-analysis of 225 academic studies , researchers Sonja Lyubomirsky , Laura King , and Ed Diener found strong evidence of directional causality between life satisfaction and successful business outcomes .
Another common misconception is that our genetics , our environment , or a combination of the two determines how happy we are .
To be sure , both factors have an impact .
But one's general sense of well-being is surprisingly malleable .
The habits you cultivate , the way you interact with coworkers , how you think about stressall these can be managed to increase your happiness and your chances of success .
Develop New Habits Training your brain to be positive is not so different from training your muscles at the gym .
Recent research on neuroplasticitythe ability of the brain to change even in adulthoodreveals that as you develop new habits , you rewire the brain .
Engaging in one brief positive exercise every day for as little as three weeks can have a lasting impact , my research suggests .
For instance , in December 2008 , just before the worst tax season in decades , I worked with tax managers at KPMG in New York and New Jersey to see if I could help them become happier .
( I am an optimistic person , clearly ) .
I asked them to choose one of five activities that correlate with positive change :
Jot down three things they were grateful for .
Write a positive message to someone in their social support network .
Meditate at their desk for two minutes .
Exercise for 10 minutes .
Take two minutes to describe in a journal the most meaningful experience of the past 24 hours .
The participants performed their activity every day for three weeks .
Several days after the training concluded , we evaluated both the participants and a control group to determine their general sense of well-being .
How engaged were they ?
Were they depressed ?
On every metric , the experimental group's scores were significantly higher than the control group's .
When we tested both groups again , four months later , the experimental group still showed significantly higher scores in optimism and life satisfaction .
In fact , participants ' mean score on the life satisfaction scalea metric widely accepted to be one of the greatest predictors of productivity and happiness at workmoved from 22.96 on a 35-point scale before the training to 27.23 four months later , a significant increase .
Just one quick exercise a day kept these tax managers happier for months after the training program had ended .
Happiness had become habitual .
Help Your Coworkers Of the five activities described above , the most effective may be engaging positively with people in your social support network .
Strong social support correlates with an astonishing number of desirable outcomes .
For instance , research by Julianne Holt-Lunstad , Timothy Smith , and Bradley Layton shows that high levels of social support predict longevity as reliably as regular exercise does , and low social support is as damaging as high blood pressure .
The benefits of social support are not just physical .
In a study of 1,648 students at Harvard that I conducted with Phil Stone and Tal Ben-Shahar , we found that social support was the greatest predictor of happiness during periods of high stress .
In fact , the correlation between happiness and Zimet's social support scale ( the academic measure we used to assess students ' positive engagement with their social networks ) was a whopping 0.71for comparison , the correlation between smoking and cancer is 0.37.
That study focused on how much social support the students received .
But in follow-on research I conducted in March 2011 , I found that even more important to sustained happiness and engagement was the amount of social support the students provided .
For example , how often does a student help others when they are overwhelmed with work ?
How often does he initiate social interactions on the job ?
Social support providerspeople who picked up slack for others , invited coworkers to lunch , and organized office activitieswere not only 10 times more likely to be engaged at work than those who kept to themselves ;
they were 40% more likely to get a promotion .
How does social support work in practice as a tool for employee happiness ?
Ochsner Health System , a large health care provider that I work with , uses an approach it calls the " 10/5 Way " to increase social support among employees and patients .
We educated 11,000 employees , leaders , and physicians about the impact of social support on the patient experience , and asked them to modify their behavior .
When employees walk within 10 feet of another person in the hospital , they must make eye contact and smile .
When they walk within 5 feet , they must say hello .
Since the introduction of 10/5 , Ochsner has experienced an increase in unique patient visits , a 5% increase in patients ' likelihood to recommend the organization , and a significant improvement in medical-practice provider scores .
Social support appears to lead to not only happier employees but also more-satisfied clients .
Change Your Relationship with Stress Stress is another central factor contributing to people's happiness at work .
Many companies offer training on how to mitigate stress , focusing on its negative health effects .
The problem is , people then get stressed-out about being stressed-out .
It's important to remember that stress has an upside .
When I was working with Pfizer in February 2011 , I asked senior managers to list the five experiences that most shaped who they are today .
Nearly all the experiences they wrote down involved great stressafter all , few people grow on vacation .
Pick any biography and you'll see the same thing :
Stress is not just an obstacle to growth ;
it can be the fuel for it .
Your attitude toward stress can dramatically change how it affects you .
In a study Alia Crum , Peter Salovey , and I conducted at UBS in the midst of the banking crisis and massive restructuring , we asked managers to watch one of two videos , the first depicting stress as debilitating to performance and the second detailing the ways in which stress enhances the human brain and body .
When we evaluated the employees six weeks later , we found that the individuals who had viewed the " enhancing " video scored higher on the Stress Mindset Scalethat is , they saw stress as enhancing , rather than diminishing , their performance .
And those participants experienced a significant drop in health problems and a significant increase in happiness at work .
Stress is an inevitable part of work .
The next time you're feeling overwhelmed , try this exercise :
Make a list of the stresses you're under .
Place them into two groupsthe ones you can control ( like a project or your in-box ) and those you can't ( the stock market , housing prices . )
Choose one stress that you can control and come up with a small , concrete step you can take to reduce it .
In this way you can nudge your brain back to a positiveand productivemind-set .
It's clear that increasing your happiness improves your chances of success .
Developing new habits , nurturing your coworkers , and thinking positively about stress are good ways to start .
Live coverage of BBC News following the announcement by Clarence House that Prince William is to marry Kate Middleton next year .
The story so far : A royal romance Reaction to royal engagement Royal wedding - Your reaction Prince William is to marry long-term girlfriend Kate Middleton next year , Clarence House has said .
William , second in line to the throne , will marry in London next spring or summer and live in north Wales , where he is serving with the RAF .
The couple , who are both 28 , became engaged in October during a private holiday in Kenya .
They began dating eight years ago while studying at St Andrews University in Fife , where they shared a house .
The royal engagement was announced in a brief statement released by Clarence House .
It said :
" The Prince of Wales is delighted to announce the engagement of Prince William to Miss Catherine Middleton . "
The wedding will take place in the spring or summer of 2011 , in London . Further details about the wedding day will be announced in due course . '
Delighted ' " Prince William has informed the Queen and other close members of his family . "
Prince William has also sought the permission of Miss Middleton's father .
" The Queen said she was " absolutely delighted " for both Prince William and Kate Middleton .
Prime Minister David Cameron said the engagement marked " a great day for our country " and wished the couple a long and happy life together .
He said he had received the news in a call from Buckingham Palace during a cabinet meeting , and it was greeted with " a great cheer " and " banging of the table " from fellow ministers .
Leader of the Labour party Ed Miliband said " the whole country will be wishing them every happiness . "
Dickie Arbiter , the Queen's former press secretary , told the BBC : " She'll become a service wife .
" He'll have to do his statutory royal duty , his royal bit , but he will be very much a working helicopter pilot with RAF search and rescue for the next three years , and Kate will have to get used to living in north Wales , although I think she's pretty much used to it at the moment " .
Meanwhile royal commentator Margaret Holder said she thought the marriage would give Prince William the warm , cosy , family life he wanted .
David Cameron said Prince William was '' extremely excited '' " What he's finding with the Middleton family is what he didn't have as a child and I think that's very good for him . "
I think this is going to be a very , very good and successful marriage .
And I think this will take the monarchy through well into the 21st Century .
I think Kate is very modern , she's very relevant .
" Prince William and Kate Middleton both started out on the same history of art course at St Andrews in 2001 , although William later switched to geography .
For several years , they shared accommodation with friends .
Miss Middleton , who is six months older than William , was credited with persuading the prince to stay on as he struggled to adjust to university life during his first year .
William will marry 30 years after his parents ' wedding They graduated in the same ceremony from St Andrews in 2005 and their families joined them for a celebratory lunch .
The couple's relationship was exposed in 2005 when they were photographed together on the Swiss ski slopes of Klosters .
They split briefly in 2007 , but more recently Miss Middleton - who has no royal or aristocratic family connections - has been to several official events , heightening speculation of an engagement .
Miss Middleton is the eldest child of businessman Michael Middleton and former air hostess Carol .
She was raised in a modern five-bedroom detached house in the Berkshire village of Bucklebury and her family , who are self-made millionaires , run a mail order toy and party goods company .
The couple will marry in the year which would have marked the 30th anniversary of Prince William's parents ' wedding .
Fabian Frank wrote :
One can only hope that the Chinese leadership sees it the same way .
I agree that not allowing Chinese enterprises into the world market could be interpreted as a weakness in capitalism ,
but without a democratic political system to balance its growing economic weight , can we trust the Chinese to play by the rules
and to compete on equal terms ?
How can we be sure that a state owned manufacturer in China pays its debt to a state bank
or the full price on electricity to a state owned electric company ?
ReaganLogan wrote :
I disagree with the authors belief that our companies have to sell out to the Chinese to be able to access their market and grow .
General Motors is a great example and so is VW on how they can be done with out selling out completely to them .
Popular Sexy Jewelry Navel Piercing History
Belly Button Rings is a modern invention and has never been recorded in primitive cultures ;
however the navel has long been recognized as an erogenous zone , because of the difference between men's and women's stomachs
The following article on navel piercing history focuses on the degree to which a certain medical device could complicate the long healing period , the period that follows any navel piercing .
While the article below names one particular device , it might also have mentioned a second medical device .
Patients with an implanted insulin pump need to use added caution , should they decide to get a pierced navel .
Any device that ' s implanted under the skin can easily become infected , just like any ornament that a piercing specialist might insert in a hole , a hole made by either a piercing needle or a piercing gun .
No article about navel piercing jewelry history should leave out information about infections .
This article will certainly address that subject .
Yet this article about navel piercing history will examine far more than just the basic reason that a pierced belly button can easily become the site of a red and irritating infection .
Absent from the typical navel piercing history , and absent too from many medical journals , has been information about the incidence of infections among patients with a particular type of implanted device .
Perhaps that is because only a tiny fraction of young adults need to receive , during a surgical procedure , this one particular device .
What is that device , and why does it deserve mention in an article about body piercing history ?
That device is the ventricular-peritoneal shunt , a tube that drains excess cerebrospinal fluid into the peritoneal cavity .
Since that cavity lies under the belly button , a patient with such a shunt should think twice before going in search of a navel piercing specialist .
For even the healthiest of youth , a search for a navel piercing specialist should not take place in a limited amount of time .
Such a search should proceed within a timeframe that permits completion of a complete search .
When a youth carries scars , scars gained during implantation of a shunt , then that youth definitely needs to find a true piercing professional .
Still , even the best piercing professional can not make decisions for the patient who wants to have a pierced belly .
Should he or she elect to wear a belly button ring or a barbell ?
What supplies must he or she purchase , in order to make sure that any pierced belly remains clean ?
While a patient ponders the answer to those questions , that patient can benefit from learning more about the healing process in a pierced belly .
Once pierced , a belly with a hole will eventually loose that hole , unless some type of ornament remains inside the same hole .
Unless a patient wants to destroy a navel piercing , that patient keeps the initial ornament in his or her belly for 3 to 9 months .
During that 3 to 9 month period , the patient with the pierced belly needs to keep that belly clean .
That usually demands application of an antiseptic three to five times a day .
In addition , the ornament that fills the new hole in the patient's belly has to be rotated on a regular basis .
Both efforts to clean the belly and attention to the turning of a new belly ornament must become part of the patient's healing routine .
In the absence of such efforts , and such attention , a patient might have a very sad story to add to the chronicles of navel piercing history
The Da Vinci furniture company showroom in Shanghai looks like a salon in Versailles .
The price tag on a gilt-covered , Italian-made grandfather clock :
more than $ 40,000 .
So it was big news last summer when China Central Television  the government's flagship network known as CCTV  reported that some of Da Vinci's ornate furniture didn't come from Italy , but from a common factory in South China .
CCTV even found a factory salesman who appeared to corroborate the claim .
Doris Phua , Da Vinci's chief executive , denied the charges in a tear-filled press conference , but the damage was done and the company's sales tanked .
Now , a respected Chinese magazine called Caixin says the CCTV report was filled with errors , and the furniture company says it was blackmailed by the CCTV reporter for more than $ 150,000
Caixin reported this week that the salesman had recanted , and the general manager of the Chinese company that had supposedly built furniture for Da Vinci denied it in a Web video .
" When I saw your report on Da Vinci and my company , I felt utterly stunned and angry " , said Chinese furniture factory manager Huang Wencong .
" The content of your report wasn't verified at all and seriously misleading " .
Da Vinci also said it paid the CCTV reporter more than $ 150,000 through a public relations company to halt further stories .
Da Vinci provided bank transfer documents and a secretly recorded conversation as evidence .
Journalists Accused Of Extortion Zhang Zhi'an , an associate journalism professor at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou , China , says the episode highlights a common problem with Chinese journalism today .
" When there's negative news , a company hires a public relations firm to buy advertisements or pay off journalists to suppress the news from coming out " , Zhang says .
Over the years , reporters at smaller news organizations have been arrested for trying to extort money from various businesses , including a gas station , a food-processing company , a coal mine and a TV shopping network .
Zhang says the Da Vinci case stands out because it involves the Communist Party's biggest news institution .
" CCTV is the national commercial network " , says Zhang .
" It's a strange monster that has lots of power behind it .
So , to expose corruption at CCTV takes a lot of courage " .
The case also highlights a broader problem with China's one-party state :
Its actions have few external checks .
The CCTV journalist who reported the Da Vinci story , Li Wenxue , denies taking money .
He says the claim is " slander " .
So far , CCTV has no comment .
Does this mean Da Vinci is blameless ?
" Da Vinci's definitely done something " , says Liam Bussell , who works in Shanghai as the Asia-Pacific strategic marketing manager for Mintel , a global consumer research firm .
" Maybe not to the extent they've been accused of , but there's something suspicious " .
Bussell points out that customs officials have accused Da Vinci of using a Chinese free-trade zone to make local furniture appear imported .
Shanghai's industry and commerce bureau fined Da Vinci more than $ 200,000 last week for what it called substandard furniture .
Given the corruption in Chinese media and the volume of counterfeit products in the country , Bussell says it's often hard to find someone in these disputes who's totally clean .
ESL Podcast 634  Resembling One's Parents Tags :
Relationships Audio Index :
Slow dialogue :
1 :
25 Explanations :
3 :
34 Khaled :
Hi , what are you looking at ?
Susanna :
Your photo albums .
Your roommate let me in and said I could make myself comfortable while I waited for you .
Khaled :
You'd better give those back to me .
Susanna :
Not yet !
I'm looking at your baby pictures and your family portraits .
You're the spitting image of your mother .
Khaled :
That's not my mother .
That was our neighbor .
Susanna :
Oh , now that I look a little closer , I can see that you resemble your father .
You're a chip off the old block .
Khaled :
That's my father's friend .
Now , why don't I take those ..
Susanna :
Wait !
These candids of your birthday parties are so cute !
You were so adorable !
Khaled :
Right .
When I was a kid , I had a face only a mother could love .
Susanna :
That's not true !
You have a great profile .
I'd expect to see your likeness in paintings and on statues .
Khaled :
Okay , enough with the brown-nosing . What do you really want ?
Susanna :
I don't want anything ..
okay , just one little thing .
My cousin is in town .
I want to go out with Rick tonight and I thought we could double date .
and you .
What do you say ?
Khaled :
I knew it had to be something .
Does she look like you ?
Susanna :
We are like two peas in a pod .
Khaled :
Then , forget it !
Susanna :
Hmph !
Khaled :
Just kidding .
What time will we be going ?
Script by Dr .
Lucy Tse
China deserves Nobel Peace Prize
Morits Skaugen , a Norwegian entrepreneur , published an article in the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten on Oct 12 ,
in which he credits China for its development and progress and suggests that it is China that truly deserves the Nobel Peace Prize .
Skaugen says China 's development is the greatest economic development we have ever seen ,
and that it will have a profound effect on the future .
It is possible that the United States and European countries will not be able to maintain their long held dominance over the world economy .
This year China will likely overtake Japan to become the world 's second largest economy .
However , it is still a developing nation in terms of per capita gross domestic product , which is still well below that of Japan .
Though , during the past 20 years , the living standards of the Chinese people have been greatly improved , many are still struggling hard for a better living .
Yet China has undoubtedly performed impressively in many areas , such as improving its education system , increasing productivity , constructing nuclear power plants and high-speed railways , and developing Internet technology .
As for green technology , Chinese companies are striving to explore the domestic market and play a leading role in the world .
Of course China still has a long way to go , and there is no denying it has many problems that will require great wisdom to solve .
The past year saw workers go on strike in some cities in China for higher salaries and shorter working hours with the help of trade unions .
Skaugen said according to his experience in China , such problems that do exist are not taboo and can be discussed .
When Westerners blame China for this and that , they should not forget that the United States and European countries went through the same stages developing their economies - and it wasn't that long ago .
It was cheap labor that propelled the rapid economic development of the West .
And it is strong economic power that guarantees democracy and human rights in the Western world .
China will soon complete its current development stage and enter the next with a more open and harmonious society .
Some Westerners assume that changes have occurred in China only because they have put pressure on it to improve its human rights .
But China never submits to any external pressure , because it is confident of its own mode of development and most Chinese are proud of the way China solves its own problems .
Therefore , from this point of view , maybe it is China that truly deserves the Nobel Peace Prize .
Apple decisively wins Samsung trial :
what it means  After two and a half days of deliberations , the Apple vs . Samsung jury returned a decisive verdict in Apple 's favor today  holding that Samsung owes Apple $ 1.049 billion for copying Apple 's intellectual property .
Specifically , the jury found that all three of Apple 's software patents on the iOS user interface were valid and infringed by a long list of Samsung devices , that Apple design patents were valid and infringed by several Samsung phones , and that Apple 's trade dress on the iPhone and iPhone 3G were diluted by several Samsung phones as well .
On the other hand , Samsung lost every part of its case against Apple  the jury ruled that none of the Apple devices in the case infringe Samsung 's patents , including patents that are part of the 3G networking standard .
The only major decisions that went to Samsung were related to the iPad  the jury didn't think Samsung 's tablets copied the iPad 's design .
Perhaps most importantly , the jury ruled that many of Samsung 's infringements were " willful "  that is , the company deliberately copied Apple 's patents . That's how they got to that $ 1.051 billion damage award ;
they punished Samsung for doing it on purpose .
There is no way to interpret this as anything but a sweeping , definitive victory for Apple .
The company spent most of the past month telling the jury that the iPhone was a revolution five years in the making ,
and that Samsung had taken just three months to copy it , without bearing any of the costs or risks involved .
The jury clearly agreed  and most importantly , the jury agreed that all of Apple 's patents are valid , even after Samsung spent hours trying to demonstrate prior art .
After this , the dominoes will begin falling fast .
In the short term , expect Apple to seek sales injunctions against the accused devices that are still on sale  the Galaxy S II is still available around the world , for example , and the power of a jury verdict will make those requests very easy for Apple to pursue .
We 're also sure to see Samsung appeal many of the legal decisions made in the case , and it's all but certain Apple will appeal the jury's decision regarding the iPad 's trade dress protectability .
That's a big chip for it to win .
In the long term , we 're sure to see lots of UI behaviors change across Android  most companies have already moved away from the bounceback scrolling behavior protected by the Apple patent in this case ,
and we 're sure to see tap-to-zoom and multitouch scrolling behavior affected on new devices as well .
We 're also sure to see new handsets adopt highly differentiated designs , as Apple has proven both its design patent and trade dress claims are strong enough to persuade a jury .
That 's already happening , and it 's a good thing ;
Samsung 's the only phone maker Apple has sued for copying the iPhone 's design , and its more recent devices like the Galaxy S III already have unique designs .
More differentiation in the market is ultimately good for consumers .
We 're also hopefully going to see a lot of the outstanding litigation between Apple and other Android phone makers like Samsung , HTC , and Motorola settle  Apple 's proven that its simple narrative about copying can lead to devastating results in a courtroom , and it's doubtful Samsung wants to go through this again with its outstanding lawsuits .
It's also doubtful that any other company wants to risk the huge sums of money Samsung 's spent on lawyers to lose in such a definitive way .
We 've always heard that Google has pushed its partners to settle these cases ;
we 'll see if that advice finally gets taken .
And lastly , we'll see if this case can break the logjam between Apple and Google itself .
Android is here to stay , and Apple actually gains very little by keeping so many lawsuits open and running  it has to pay for lawyers too .
If this verdict gives Apple the extra leverage it needs to get Google to sign a blanket license for Android , then so be it .
Maybe it's time to pay the money and let everyone go back to making cool shit .
What is Google Earth Modeling ?
Google Earth is an online environment that performs best when models are created with this in mind .
A well constructed model will load quickly and allow Google Earth to perform to its highest potential .
All geo-referenced models go through an internal review process before being included in the " Best of the 3D Warehouse " layer in Google Earth .
Following this guide is best way to get your models included in the layer !
Keys to Success - Maintain accuracy in scale and location - Focus on the important and identifying details - Show small , intricate details through photo textures - Keep a low polygon count - Make it beautiful
Hubble's Lagoon Like brush strokes on a canvas , ridges of color seem to flow across the Lagoon Nebula , a canvas nearly 3 light-years wide .
The colors map emission from ionized gas in the nebula were recorded by the Hubble Space Telescope 's Advanced Camera for Surveys .
Also known as M8 , the nebula is a star-forming region in the constellation Sagittarius .
Hubble 's remarkably sharp , close-up view reveals undulating shapes sculpted by the energetic light and winds from the region's new born stars .
Of course , the Lagoon Nebula is a popular target for earthbound skygazers , too .
If my life and home feel disastrous and messy , the first sign is the kitchen window sill .
Instead of some flowers and a couple bowls with olives curing in them , there will be trains , random junk , and stuff that doesn't belong that has been left there for another day , when I have more time , energy , and care to clear it off . The kitchen is my space .
As long as my kitchen is clean , countertops are cleared and dishes are taken care of , I can let the other stuff go .
It's the space I need to have clean and tidy , even if there are toys strewn everywhere else in the house and none of my laundry is folded .
Today , I am feeling so very scattered , exhausted , and just lacking in motivation .
I was so grateful to wake up to a day that I have nowhere to go and nothing to do but sort myself out .
I started at the kitchen window sill .
These flowers are in the garden every morning , the petals shed by afternoon .
I love them  they arrive on their own with no work from me , and they are such a simple way to make my space inside clear and pretty .
There is only a small window of time when I can grab some and bring them inside intact .
( I tend to kill anything in the garden that actually needs attention )
Just what I needed today .
Do you have a space like this ?
An area you focus on to keep you grounded when everything else around you is a mess ?
Belmont Harbor The city skyline provides a picturesque backdrop for the boats moored at Belmont Harbour .
North Michigan Avenue Traffic whizzes by along busy North Michigan Avenue . Cloudgate Sculpture The legendary Cloudgate Sculpture in Millennium Park is better known as " The Bean . " Pizzeria , Superior Street Chicago's famous deep-dish pizzas can be sampled on Superior St , downtown Chicago .
Wall mural A fine example of Chicago 's public art, this stark mural can be found on the wall of a central building.
The patient , in his late 70s , had survived prostate cancer and had a new diagnosis of leukemia .
A few days before , he 'd been healthy and fine ,
but now his white blood cell count was so high that it was clogging his circulatory system , making it hard for him to breathe .
We brought his white count down and relieved his shortness of breath .
At that point , he could have opted for palliative care and gone home on hospice with a decent enough quality of life to enjoy what little time he had left .
However , the patient , encouraged by his family and urged on by his oncologist , chose aggressive treatment instead .
This is a hard case .
Atul Gawande explains how the first impulse of doctors , patients and family members to " fight " cancer or other serious illnesses makes it very difficult to have honest discussions of what treatment can and cannot do .
I understand why physicians find these conversations difficult ,
why it 's preferable to focus on the good we can possibly accomplish rather than the likely futility of the struggle .
But there 's another story to be told in these cases , and it's usually the nurse who 's the observer of that narrative : the suffering caused by these well-intentioned treatments .
Chemo was risky for this patient because of his age and medical history , and the damage done was unbelievably bad .
The problems began when cells killed by the chemotherapy spilled their contents , overloading my patient 's kidneys and throwing him into renal failure .
The intravenous fluids he 'd needed had been too much for his circulatory system , and he developed heart failure , too .
One morning , I came in with his pills , and he said , " You 're doing too much . I can't take it " .
The next week , he was on dialysis , but it wasn't working , and his entire lower body was hugely swollen with fluid .
That day , he accosted me with , " What the hell are you doing to me " ?
Both times , I told the medical team what he 'd said and asked whether it was ethical to continue chemotherapy .
Several members of the team shared my concerns , and as a group , we talked the situation over with the attending doctor .
Our view was that the treatments were eroding the patient 's quality of life with little promise of good in return .
The attending physician , whom I know to be conscientious and caring , disagreed , as did the patient 's family .
When the doctor prodded the patient , saying , " You want to keep going , right ? Right " ?
the patient himself concurred , " Yes , let 's keep going " .
So the chemo finished . Then , blood began to appear in the patient 's urine .
His bladder was brittle because of the radiation treatments he 'd had for prostate cancer ,
and because of the chemo , he had too few platelets .
Without enough platelets , that fragile tissue would not stop bleeding ,
but it also formed blood clots in his bladder that caused excruciating pain .
Watching this patient suffer , not from his disease but because of what we did to him in the name of helping him , was agonizing .
He 'd wanted to " keep going " , to " keep on fighting " , but what did he really mean ?
Always when I hear these phrases applied to oncology patients , I think of Peter Weir 's 1981 film " Gallipoli " .
The film portrays two Australian sprinters , Archy and Frank , who enlist together during World War I and end up fighting the Turkish army at the Battle of Gallipoli .
A lot of soldiers died during the Gallipoli campaign , and the end of the film dramatizes a real battle in which four brigades of Australian soldiers were sent out of the trenches to certain death .
Frank is chosen to be a runner , a deliverer of messages during the battle , and he gets an order to call off the assault once it's clear that it's not a fight but a massacre .
However , Frank can't run quickly enough to get the hold order to Archy 's trench in time , and the signal to attack is given .
Archy comes up out of the trench running as fast as he can , alone , chest forward , until the Turkish machine guns mow him down .
The wasteful sacrifices of war and the pointlessness of my patient 's suffering share some obvious parallels here ,
but there 's a deeper lesson as well . Archy and Frank were soldiers ; my patient was not .
They made a choice when they enlisted , but my patient was never given his real choice , between aggressive treatment that might do more harm than good and getting just enough treatment to keep him stable and allow him to go home to be with the people he loved .
The very real benefits of such a focus on palliative care were documented in the August 19 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine .
Patients with newly diagnosed lung cancer who received palliative care in addition to chemotherapy claimed an improved quality of life and lived more than 2  months longer than those who had no such care .
My patient 's decision to " keep fighting " seemed to be based on a misperception of what medicine could accomplish and of what the personal costs of our treatments would be .
Indeed , a month after being admitted , swollen , breathless , bleeding and in pain , with his leukemia as robust as ever ,
he went on hospice in the hospital and died .
But I would argue that conjuring a general to guide patients faced with serious illness is an embrace of the wrong ideal .
Patients are not battlegrounds , and practicing medicine is not a war .
This patient needed thoughtful supportive care , not our ineffectual treatments that tore him up from the inside out as surely as any machine gun .
The drilling of the longest railway tunnel in the world has been completed , 14 years after it began .
The last few yards of rock were removed earlier today ,
opening the 35.4 - mile Gotthard Base link through the Swiss Alps which will allow trains to transport goods and passengers to and from Italy - and shave an hour off journey times .
The 624m tunnel through the Gotthard massif , including the 8,200ft Piz Vatgira ,
is part of a larger project to remove heavy goods vehicles from roads in a bid to preserve Switzerland 's pristine Alpine landscape .
Breakthrough :
The moment when the giant drilling machine smashes through the rock to complete the world 's longest tunnel beneath the Swiss Alps Celebration :
The tunnel has taken 14 years of digging - 23 years overall - and will not be ready until 2017
Swiss voters , who are paying more than 800 each to fund the project , approved its construction in a series of referendums almost 20 years ago and will have to wait several more before it is ready for rail traffic .
Conservationists say the money was worth spending even if after 23 years of construction it will only take one hour off the length of a journey .
' The Swiss love their mountains ' , said Thomas Brolli , a campaigner with the group Alpen-Initiative .
It claimed a surprise victory in 1994 with a referendum to limit the number of heavy goods trucks allowed to cross the Alps each year to 650,000 - halving the current load - within two years of the tunnel 's opening .
 Every Swiss has a link to the Alps , whether they were born there or go there on holiday ' , said Brolli .
A graphic from the original plans which shows how the different sections of the mountain were tunnelled through some 1.2 million trucks currently thunder through Switzerland 's mountainous countryside every year ,
harming rare plants and animals while adding to the erosion that is the Alps ' worst enemy .
With their beloved mountains crumbling , the Swiss decided that instead of simply stopping foreign trucks from passing through the country they would put their tunnel-building expertise to good use by completing a plan first conceived more than 60 years ago .
When it opens for traffic in 2017 , the Gotthard Base Tunnel will supplant Japan 's 33.5 - mile Seikan Tunnel as the world 's longest - excluding aqueducts - and allow millions more tons of goods to be transported quickly through the Alps by rail .
A further  8.7bn is being spent on a series of shorter tunnels and high-speed rail links that will ultimately allow high-speed trains from Germany to continue on through to Italy at up to 155 miles an hour , making rail journeys increasingly economically competitive .
For European transport ministers the project represents the first of a series of major rail tunnels meant to take the strain off congested Alpine road links .
The railway tunnel through the Gotthard mountain constitutes the centrepiece of the New Railway Link through the Alps A second would connect Lyon , France , to Turin in Italy ,
while a third would largely replace the Brenner road tunnel between Austria and Italy - currently one of the main transport arteries through the Alps .
Those projects are still a long way from completion and could yet be derailed by spending cuts as European governments scramble to fill holes in their budgets rather than drill new ones into the mountains .
Although Switzerland has weathered the financial crisis better than most of its neighbours ,
cost considerations might have tipped the scales had there not been a strong concern for the future of the mountains .
' I am full of admiration for the Swiss ability to combine a modern advanced economy with pristine Alpine beauty , even when it is expensive to do so ' ,
said Jeffrey Frankel , an economics professor at Harvard and former Clinton adviser .
' I suspect no other country would have paid for this project . '
According to Brolli , the conservation campaigner , green ideas were inserted at every step of the tunneling process .
Some of the 459 million cubic feet of rock hewn from the mountain - enough to fill 13 Empire State buildings - are being used to restore Alpine lakes that were dredged for gravel .
And warm water , which flows deep under the mountains and can reach 50C , will be used to run fish farms ,
with one entrepreneur even hoping to provide Switzerland 's own source of sustainable caviar .
Almost done :
The Gotthard Base Tunnel opened at both ends on Friday , making it the world 's longest tunnel at more than 35 miles long Link :
The tunnel will be ready for use in 2017 and will dramatically reduce the level of HGV traffic through the Swiss countryside
It 's virtually impossible for me to pass up the chance to fritter time away in exotic markets of any ethnicity -- which is why my husband will often remind me that " we 're supposed to be walking briskly , honey " when I pull him into some eye-catching , aromatic shop whose aisles are jam-packed with herbs and spices .
Once I 'm inside a culinary casbah , I 'm on the lookout for spices I 've never tried before ,
because I love to cook and to experiment with new flavors .
Recently , I came home with a little bag full of tiny seeds labeled as " black cumin " .
I know regular cumin , of course -- I use it all the time in Mexican and Indian dishes .
The black cumin seeds I bought didn't look anything like the cumin I know -- these obviously were from a different plant entirely .
I tasted them and liked their interesting thyme - oregano flavor --
which , I discovered , was delectable when sprinkled liberally on broiled salmon filets .
They also make a tasty addition to breadcrumb or panko toppings for sauteed chicken breasts or fish .
Without Gaining a Pound So I was intrigued when I got a press release a couple days ago from Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia .
Researchers there have been studying black cumin ( Nigella sativa ) and discovered that a chemical in its oil called thymoquinone , is an anti-inflammatory that seems to inhibit the development of pancreatic cancer in lab studies .
( which , by the way , is also present in the essential oil of thyme -- hence the flavor similarity )
Turns out , black cumin seeds and oil are used in traditional medicine by many Middle Eastern and Asian healers for a broad array of diseases , including some immune and inflammatory disorders ,
says Hwyda A . Arafat , MD , PhD , associate professor , departments of surgery and pathology , anatomy and cell biology at Jefferson Medical College .
Story continues below Advertisement The Greek physician Dioscorides supposedly used black cumin seeds to treat headaches and toothaches .
One famous botanical historian , Maud Grieve , quoted Mohammed as saying that " black cumin cures every disease but death itself " , in her 1930s classic , A Modern Herbal .
Arafat and her team discovered that when they treated pancreatic tumors ( developed in animals for the study ) with thymoquinone ,
67% of the tumors shrunk significantly , and levels of inflammatory markers in the cells dropped substantially .
What's exciting about these results is that patients with chronic pancreatitis , which is associated with the risk of developing pancreatic cancer ,
might one day be able to benefit from black cumin oil treatment , says Dr . Arafat .
" The herb and oil are safe when used in moderation , and have been used for thousands of years without reported toxic effects " , she says .
According to my favorite Indian cookbook author , Madhur Jaffrey ,
black cumin seeds ( nigella ) are sold as kalonji in Indian and Pakistani markets , and as siyah danch in Middle Eastern markets .
She says they 're used in Bengal vegetable and fish dishes .
Try sauteing fresh spinach with ginger , hot chili , and a teaspoon of black cumin seeds ,
sprinkle it on fish before baking or broiling , or add a spoonful to lentils as you're cooking them . Find black cumin seeds online at Zamouri Spices .
Ancient boats with grand vistas A junk crosses Victoria Harbour past the spectacular Hong Kong skyline .
Jaw-dropping sunsets Get a seat on a ferry and watch the sun set over Hong Kong 's soaring skyscrapers at dusk .
Dodge the city 's madness The greenery of Hong Kong Wetland Park is a pleasant escape from hectic city life .
Capture the spirit of the city Man Mo Temple is Hong Kong 's oldest and best known .
Experience first-class dining Eat at one of Hong Kong 's most upscale and reknown restaurants , Vivo .
As hackers and identity thieves become more clever and adept at breaking into computers and networks ,
lawmakers have enforced regulations that crack down on cybercriminals and help protect users .
The FBI , for example , recently arrested a number of Russian cybercriminals responsible for stealing funds from various businesses .
According to an October Time magazine story , members of the hacker ring managed to steal $ 70 million by lifting online banking information and setting up accounts with phony names to which the stolen money was then transferred .
The statistics are staggering :
Agence-France Presse reported in September that hackers create 57,000 scam websites every week , intended to trap the average user .
In addition , 10 million Americans were victims of identity theft in 2008 alone , and the numbers continue to grow ,
highlighting the fact that many users ' private , sensitive information is vulnerable online and can be tampered with .
The law of the online and Certain laws have been enacted relating to computers and electronic communications :
The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act , for example , protects against illegal attempts to gain access to protected financial information .
Under the Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002 , Internet Service Providers can readily provide law-enforcement authorities with information about their users , eliminating the need for an official warrant .
And in 1998 , President Clinton signed the Digital Millenium Copyright Act , which addressed copyright infringements relating to technologies and the Internet .
Cybercriminals , however , have found ways to bypass these laws and prey on victims who are not protected properly online .
Cybercrime is at such an all-time high that the FBI has listed it as one of the top security threats .
Prohibited activities Most local police departments , as well as the FBI , have computer and Internet crime divisions , which investigate illegal activities .
Some examples of cybercrimes follow :
Cyberstalking :
Similar to regular stalkers , cyberstalkers attempt to monitor their victims and find information by contacting people they know .
Cyberstalkers may attempt to illegally gain access to a person 's computer to read their emails or monitor their online activities .
They frequently harass their victims by contacting their friends , colleagues , online contacts , etc , .
to either defame them or to gain pertinent information about their personal and professional lives .
Identity theft :
As we reported earlier , hackers and identity thieves who gain access to your online bank or credit card information can then use this information to transfer funds or make purchases in your name .
Immediately report suspicious charges on your ATM or credit cards to your bank or financial institution and only conduct transactions in a safe environment .
( making sure the website you visit is secure , for example )
To ensure security , a program like SafeCentral helps create a safe environment where you can shop or pay bills online .
Phishing :
These scams send phony but official - looking email from your bank or financial institution .
Hackers and ID thieves actually send these emails that look genuine and request that you provide them with sensitive information .
According to a October 2009 PC World article , FBI director Robert Mueller no longer banks online as a result of a close phishing call .
Non-delivery of merchandise :
The FBI lists this as an online scam
and recommends that you take certain steps to ensure that the website from which you order merchandise is legitimate .
Some precautions include checking with the Better Business Bureau
and conducting an online search about said company to see what other mentions it has garnered on the web .
In the event of fraud , you can file a complaint online with the FBI .
Harassment :
Online harassment can consist of threats and repeated abusive emails or electronic communications that intend to harass or harm the recipient .
Cyberbullying is one example , and incidents of children being bullied on social-networking sites is on the rise .
Posting defamatory content online -- whether on sites like Facebook or elsewhere on the Internet -- can also constitute harassment .
If your child has been a victim of cyberbullying , you might want to try SafeSocial ,
which helps parents protect and monitor kids who are active on social-networking sites like Facebook .
Online Impostors :
A few states have taken steps to outlaw impostors who pose as others online .
That probably isn't George Clooney friending you on Facebook .
As Computer World reported in September , even the Dalai Lama and Shaquille O'Neal were victims of impersonators on Twitter in 2009 .
Invasion of privacy :
Intruding into someone's personal life is against the law .
Hacking and reading personal emails or monitoring a person 's online activities , for example , constitute invasion of privacy .
How to Protect Yourself  Because hackers and identity thieves learn new ways to infiltrate computers everyday ,
it 's important to make your computer as hacker - and identity theft - proof as possible .
Anti-virus programs are necessary but don't always guard against intrusions .
One of the best ways to ensure that your online transactions  particularly online shopping and banking -- are conducted safely is to subscribe to programs like SafeCentral ,
which help create a safe environment for you to transact in by barring malware and malicious predators .
The snow was lying so high around the hut that the windows looked level with the ground , and the door had entirely disappeared from view .
If Alm - Uncle had been up there he would have had to do what Peter did daily , for fresh snow fell every night .
Peter had to get out of the window of the sitting-room every morning ,
and if the frost had not been very hard during the night , he immediately sank up to his shoulders almost in the snow and had to struggle with hands , feet , and head to extricate himself .
Then his mother handed him the large broom , and with this he worked hard to make a way to the door .
He had to be careful to dig the snow well away , or else as soon as the door was opened the whole soft mass would fall inside ,
or , if the frost was severe enough , it would have made such a wall of ice in front of the house that no one could have gone in or out ,
for the window was only big enough for Peter to creep through .
The fresh snow froze like this in the night sometimes ,
and this was an enjoyable time for Peter , for he would get through the window on to the hard , smooth , frozen ground ,
and his mother would hand him out the little sleigh ,
and he could then make his descent to Dorfli along any route he chose , unbroken sleigh road ,
for the whole mountain was nothing but one wide .
Alm - Uncle had kept his word and was not spending the winter in his old home .
As soon as the first snow began to fall , he had shut up the hut and the outside buildings and gone down to Dorfli with Heidi and the goats .
Near the church was a straggling half - ruined building , which had once been the house of a person of consequence . A distinguished soldier had lived there at one time ;
he had taken service in Spain and had there performed many brave deeds and gathered much treasure .
When he returned home to Dorfli he spent part of his booty in building a fine house , with the intention of living in it .
But he had been too long accustomed to the noise and bustle of arms and the world to care for a quiet country life ,
and he soon went off again , and this time did not return .
When after many long years it seemed certain that he was dead , a distant relative took possession of the house ,
but it had already fallen into disrepair , and he had no wish to rebuild it .
So it was let to poor people , who paid but a small rent , and when any part of the building fell it was allowed to remain .
This had now gone on for many years .
As long ago as when his son Tobias was a child Alm - Uncle had rented the tumbledown old place .
Since then it had stood empty , for no one could stay in it who had not some idea of how to stop up the holes and gaps and make it habitable . Otherwise the wind and rain and snow blew into the rooms ,
so that it was impossible even to keep a candle alight , and the indwellers would have been frozen to death during the long cold winters .
Alm - Uncle , however , knew how to mend matters .
As soon as he made up his mind to spend the winter in Dorfli , he rented the old place and worked during the autumn to get it sound and tight .
In the middle of October he and Heidi took up their residence there .
On approaching the house from the back one came first into an open space with a wall on either side , of which one was half in ruins .
Above this rose the arch of an old window thickly overgrown with ivy ,
which spread over the remains of a domed roof that had evidently been part of a chapel .
A large hall came next , which lay open , without doors , to the square outside .
Here also walls and roof only partially remained ,
and indeed what was left of the roof looked as if it might fall at any minute had it not been for two stout pillars that supported it .
Alm - Uncle had here put up a wooden partition and covered the floor with straw , for this was to be the goats ' house .
Endless passages led from this , through the rents of which the sky as well as the fields and the road outside could be seen at intervals ;
but at last one came to a stout oak door that led into a room that still stood intact .
Here the walls and the dark wainscoting remained as good as ever , and in the corner was an immense stove reaching nearly to the ceiling ,
on the white tiles of which were painted large pictures in blue .
These represented old castles surrounded with trees , and huntsmen riding out with their hounds ;
or else a quiet lake scene , with broad oak trees and a man fishing .
A seat ran all round the stove so that one could sit at one 's ease and study the pictures .
These attracted Heidi 's attention at once , and she had no sooner arrived with her grandfather than she ran and seated herself and began to examine them .
But when she had gradually worked herself round to the back , something else diverted her attention .
In the large space between the stove and the wall four planks had been put together as if to make a large receptacle for apples ;
there were no apples , however , inside , but something Heidi had no difficulty in recognising , for it was her very own bed ,
with its hay mattress and sheets , and sack for a coverlid , just as she had it up at the hut .
Heidi clapped her hands for joy and exclaimed , " O grandfather , this is my room , how nice !
But where are you going to sleep " ?
" Your room must be near the stove or you will freeze " , he replied , " but you can come and see mine too " .
Heidi got down and skipped across the large room after her grandfather ,
who opened a door at the farther end leading into a smaller one which was to be his bedroom .
Then came another door . Heidi pushed it open and stood amazed , for here was an immense room like a kitchen , larger than anything of the kind that Heidi had seen before .
There was still plenty of work for the grandfather before this room could be finished ,
for there were holes and cracks in the walls through which the wind whistled ,
and yet he had already nailed up so many new planks that it looked as if a lot of small cupboards had been set up round the room .
He had , however , made the large old door safe with many screws and nails , as a protection against the outside air , and this was very necessary ,
for just beyond was a mass of ruined buildings overgrown with tall weeds , which made a dwelling-place for endless beetles and lizards .
Heidi was very delighted with her new home ,
and by the morning after their arrival she knew every nook and corner so thoroughly that she could take Peter over it and show him all that was to be seen ;
indeed she would not let him go till he had examined every single wonderful thing contained in it .
Heidi slept soundly in her corner by the stove ;
but every morning when she first awoke she still thought she was on the mountain ,
and that she must run outside at once to see if the fir trees were so quiet because their branches were weighed down with the thick snow .
She had to look about her for some minutes before she felt quite sure where she was , and a certain sensation of trouble and oppression would come over her as she grew aware that she was not at home in the hut .
But then she would hear her grandfather 's voice outside , attending to the goats , and these would give one or two loud bleats , as if calling to her to make haste and go to them ,
and then Heidi was happy again , for she knew she was still at home , and she would jump gladly out of bed and run out to the animals as quickly as she could .
On the fourth morning , as soon as she saw her grandfather , she said , " I must go up to see grandmother to-day ;
she ought not to be alone so long " .
But the grandfather would not agree to this .
" Neither to-day nor to-morrow can you go " , he said ;
" the mountain is covered fathom-deep in snow , and the snow is still falling ;
the sturdy Peter can hardly get along .
A little creature like you would soon be smothered by it , and we should not be able to find you again .
Wait a bit till it freezes , then you will be able to walk over the hard snow " .
Heidi did not like the thought of having to wait , but the days were so busy that she hardly knew how they went by .
Heidi now went to school in Dorfli every morning and afternoon , and eagerly set to work to learn all that was taught her .
She hardly ever saw Peter there , for as a rule he was absent .
The teacher was an easy-going man who merely remarked now and then ,
" Peter is not turning up to-day again , it seems , but there is a lot of snow up on the mountain and I dare say he cannot get along " .
Peter , however , always seemed able to make his way through the snow in the evening when school was over , and he then generally paid Heidi a visit .
At last , after some days , the sun again appeared and shone brightly over the white ground ,
but he went to bed again behind the mountains at a very early hour , as if he did not find such pleasure in looking down on the earth as when everything was green and flowery .
But then the moon came out clear and large and lit up the great white snowfield all through the night ,
and the next morning the whole mountain glistened and sparkled like a huge crystal .
When Peter got out of his window as usual , he was taken by surprise , for instead of sinking into the soft snow he fell on the hard ground and went sliding some way down the mountain side like a sleigh before he could stop himself .
He picked himself up and tested the hardness of the ground by stamping on it and trying with all his might to dig his heels into it ,
but even then he could not break off a single little splinter of ice ; the Alm was frozen hard as iron .
This was just what Peter had been hoping for , as he knew now that Heidi would be able to come up to them .
He quickly got back into the house , swallowed the milk which his mother had put ready for him , thrust a piece of bread in his pocket , and said , " I must be off to school " .
" That 's right , go and learn all you can " , said the grandmother encouragingly .
Peter crept through the window again - the door was quite blocked by the frozen snow outside - pulling his little sleigh after him , and in another minute was shooting down the mountain .
Magick is a faculty of wonderfull vertue , full of most high mysteries , containing the most profound Contemplation of most secret things , together with the nature , power , quality , substance , and vertues thereof , as also the knowledge of whole nature ,
and it doth instruct us concerning the differing , and agreement of things amongst themselves ,
whence it produceth its wonderfull effects , by uniting the vertues of things through the application of them one to the other , and to their inferior sutable subjects , joyning and knitting them together thoroughly by the powers , and vertues of the superior Bodies .
This is the most perfect and chief Science , that sacred and sublimer kind of Phylosophy [ philosophy , ] and lastly the most absolute perfection of all most excellent Philosophy .
For seeing that all regulative Philosophy is divided into Naturall , Mathematicall , and Theologicall :
( Naturall Philosophy teacheth the nature of those things which are in the world , searching and enquiring into their Causes , Effects , Times , Places , Fashions , Events , their Whole , and Parts , also The Number and the Nature of those things , Cal'd Elements , what Fire , Earth , Aire forth brings :
From whence the Heavens their beginnings had ;
Whence Tide , whence Rainbow , in gay colours clad .
What makes the Clouds that gathered are , and black , To send forth Lightnings , and a Thundring crack ;
What doth the Nightly Flames , and Comets make ;
What makes the Earth to swell , and then to quake :
What is the seed of Metals , and of Gold What Vertues , Wealth , doth Nature 's Coffer hold .
All these things doth naturall Philosophy , the viewer of nature contain , teaching us according to Virgil 's Muse .
Whence all things flow , Whence Mankind , Beast ;
whence Fire , whence Rain , and Snow , Whence Earth-quakes are ;
why the whole Ocean beats Over his Banks , and then again retreats ;
Whence strength of Hearbs [ herbs , ] whence Courage , rage of Bruits [ brutes , ] All kinds of Stone , of Creeping things , and Fruits .
But Mathematicall Philosophy teacheth us to know the quantity of naturall Bodies , as extended into three dimensions , as also to conceive of the motion , and course of Celestiall Bodies .
As in great hast [ haste , ] What makes the golden Stars to march so fast ;
What makes the Moon sometimes to mask her face , The Sun also , as if in some disgrace .
And as Virgil sings , How th ' Sun doth rule with twelve Zodiack Signs , The Orb thats measur'd round about with Lines ,
It doth the Heavens Starry way make known , And strange Eclipses of the Sun , and Moon .
Arcturus also , and the Stars of Rain , The Seaven Stars likewise , and Charles his Wain , Why Winter Suns make tow'rds the West so fast ;
What makes the Nights so long ere they be past ?
All which is understood by Mathematicall Philosophy .
Hence by the Heavens we may foreknow The seasons all ;
times for to reap and sow , And when ' tis fit to launch into the deep , And when to War , and when in peace to sleep , And when to dig up Trees , and them again To set ;
that so they may bring forth amain .
Now Theologicall Philosophy , or Divinity , teacheth what God is , what the Mind , what an Intelligence , what an Angel , what a Divell [ devil , ] what the Soul , what Religion , what sacred Institutions , Rites , Temples , Observations , and sacred Mysteries are :
It instructs us also concerning Faith , Miracles , the vertues of Words and Figures , the secret operations and mysteries of Seals ,
and as Apuleius saith , it teacheth us rightly to understand , and to be skilled in the Ceremoniall Laws , the equity of Holy things and rule of Religions . But to recollect my self )
these three principall faculties Magick comprehends , unites , and actuates ;
deservedly therefore was it by the Ancients esteemed as the highest , and most sacred Philosophy .
It was , as we find , brought to light by most sage Authours [ authors , ] and most famous Writers ;
amongst which principally Zamolxis and Zoroaster were so famous , that many believed they were the inventors of this Science .
there were also other eminent , choice men , as Mercurius Tresmegistus [ Trismegistus , ] Porphyrius [ Porphyry , ] Iamblicus [ Iamblichus , ] Plotinus , Proclus , Dardanus , Orpheus the Thracian , Gog the Grecian , Germa the Babilonian [ Babylonian , ] Apollonius of Tyana , Osthanes also wrote excellently in this Art ;
whose Books being as it were lost , Democritus of Abdera recovered , and set forth with his own Commentaries .
Besides Pythagoras , Empedocles , Democritus , Plato , and many other renowned Philosophers travelled far by Sea to learn this Art :
and being returned , published it with wonderfull devoutness , esteeming of it as a great secret .
Also it is well known that Pythagoras , and Plato went to the Prophets of Memphis to learn it , and travelled through almost all Syria , Egypt , Judea , and the Schools of the Caldeans [ Chaldaeans , ]
that they might not be ignorant of the most sacred Memorials , and Records of Magick , as also that they might be furnished with Divine things .
Whosoever therefore is desirous to study in this Faculty , if he be not skilled in naturall Philosophy , wherein are discovered the qualities of things , and in which are found the occult properties of every Being ,
and if he be not skilful in the Mathematicks , and in the Aspects , and Figures of the Stars , upon which depends the sublime vertue , and property of every thing ;
and if he be not learned in Theologie [ theology , ] wherein are manifested those immateriall substances , which dispence [ dispense , ] and minister all things , he cannot be possibly able to understand the rationality of Magick .
For there is no work that is done by meer Magick , nor any work that is meerly Magicall , that doth not comprehend these three Faculties .
It 's almost like you 're really there and taking it all in .
In this article we 'll take a look at 20 stunning panoramic photos of landscapes from around the world .
To view the fully interactive 360 degree versions , simply click on any of the images below .
Please note that you need to have Quicktime and Flash installed in order to view these photos .
If full screen versions are not loaded at first , just click on the full screen icon to enlarge .
So browse away and enjoy your virtual trip to all of these amazing locations
Which ones are your favorites ?
Please share your opinion with us
As I look across the horizon at the faces of the young people around me , I weep .
A once proud part of the human race , the younger generation has been described as lazy , overemotional , and disrespectful .
I myself used to have all three of these characteristics .
Not when I was an adventure - seeking , rambunctious toddler , but as an older high school teenager .
It was at this stage that my foolish rascal tendencies were at their highest .
I would constantly complain , care for my friends more than my family , and in general would just talk all the time .
Then came a moment when I wondered where I would end up .
Would I remain on track to becoming a doctor like my parents wanted ?
Am I just going to keep acting like a child for the rest of my life ?
This moment would serve as the spark that set in motion a process of learning life lesson , molding me into the person you 're reading through your computer screen .
Since then , I 've learned a great many things , but these are the lessons that I wished I 'd stumbled upon earlier :
1 . Everyone 's opinion matters only as much as you want them to .
There was a time when everyone 's opinion was mine as well .
Whatever preferences I formerly held were dashed in the face of another 's .
This most likely came from a need to please others .
Remember that your opinion matters just as much as the next guy 's , whether they make more money than you or are less popular than you .
Everyone 's opinion holds the same weight .
2 . Your emotions are under your control .
Drama , chaos , and emotional unrest  these were what took up most of my time as a teenager .
When everyone 's obsessed with what's in and what's not , tempers flare ; mine mostly .
If I had heard someone said rotten things behind my back , I 'd erupt . Go crazy .
Looking back on those tantrums now , I 'm not too surprised .
After all , when you have little self control , anything is possible .
The lessons here is , remain aware of how you react .
3 . Arguments are pointless .
Will one small quarrel among friends decide the fate of the entire universe ?
In my world it felt like it .
I just wanted so much to be right and for them so much to be wrong .
But in the end , it only resulted in me wasting my time and in the other person storming off in frustration .
Is there really a point to arguing ?
Unless it 's absolutely necessary , I 've learned that it's better to hold your breath on things you can't control at all .
Arguing to change someone 's mind is one of them .
4 . Your parents only want what 's best for you .
I 'm not saying every parent wants what 's best for you ( there are outliers , )
but in general , parents do what they do for you in your best interest .
My parents used to make me do the dishes , cook dinner , sweep the floors , mow the lawn , take out the garbage  the list goes on and on .
And at every turn , I 'd whine and complain .
I 'd eventually end up doing it .
Now , I honestly see the value in having learned those skills .
I can efficiently cook and clean up after myself  what 's not to like ?
And even though I despised school , I thank them for the education they helped me acquire .
5 . Societal norms don't mean anything .
When you define your life by what society tells you , trust me , life gets much harder to live .
You 're constantly on the edge thinking to yourself , " Am I behind the times ?
What 's the normal thing to do ?
Is this acceptable " ?
For me , this came from not having confidence in myself to be who I am .
I believe that when we are children , we already internalize this .
We care not for society , but only for expressing ourselves .
Then after puberty , we starting caring a bit too much .
So much so that we begin to lose ourselves .
Let us go back to who we used to be .
Carefree of norms and happy for simply living a life our own .
6 . You aren't stuck in any situation .
Whenever I 'd lose a friend , get an awful grade , or disappoint my parents , I stewed in my own muck .
Waiting for the bad moments to go away seemed to be the only solution .
Fortunately , I know now that you don't have to be stuck in bad situations .
You can go out and create better ones .
It all depends on perspective ; on how you see the situation .
Viewing everything as a learning experience makes life more pleasurable , even during the hard times .
You aren't stuck . You can move on .
7 . You learn by doing .
This a lesson that I unknowingly followed for quite some time .
I used to try everything at least once , just to see how it was like .
But as I entered my teen years , I became wary of trying new things .
Skepticism enraptured me , fear grabbed hold of me , and soon  I became gutless .
I would count myself out of the race before I was even in it .
I think the lesson here is clear .
You cannot change what you didn't know back then .
Though , it would be nice to transfer wisdom across the time - space continuum .
I wish I could tell my younger , immature self all of this .
I would tell him to relax and everything will be fine .
All you have to do is believe everything will be okay and believe in your abilities , regardless of any path you choose .
Nonetheless , I am glad to have learned these lessons the way I did .
Each experience helped shape me to become a better person .
I don't know if any young people are reading this , but if they are , I would like to say this :
" Listen to life and it is experiences .
Everyone goes through mostly the same things " .
Your mind really DOES play tricks on you :
Scientists discover people can be fooled into false memories
Scientists found that people who had watched a video of someone else shaking a bottle or shuffling a deck of cards often remembered performing the action themselves two weeks later .
' We were stunned ' , says Gerald Echterhoff , of Jacobs University Bremen , Germany , who led the research .
In the experiments , the researchers had volunteers perform several simple actions .
Then they watched videos of someone else doing simple actions some of which they had already performed , and some of which they had not .
Two weeks later , they were asked which actions they had done .
They were much more likely to falsely remember doing an action if they had watched someone else do it .
This happened even when participants were told about the effect and warned that it could happen to them .
The results are published in Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science .
Echterhoff says you should not worry that this happens all the time but it is worth remembering that your memory is not always reliable .
' It's good to have an informed doubt or informed scepticism about your memory performance , so you don't just easily trust whatever comes to your mind as true and for granted ' .
He believes the mechanism may have something to do with internal simulation of what other people are doing while we are observing them .
The researcher say this simulation could involve brain structures like the ' mirror neuron system ' , which seems to be involved both in performing actions ourselves as well as in observing other people 's actions .
Simulation is good when it helps you predict someone 's next action , or to learn how to do things , but this could be an unfortunate side effect , there searcher said .
Money can buy many things to help children excel academically , like tutors and private school educations .
But as those children go off to college , the one thing otherwise protective parents typically do not spend money on is making sure their children do not become victims of a crime .
One reason is cost .
The price of protection ranges from consultations billed at several hundred dollars an hour to Ostrander International's security assessment and training program , mainly for the children of international business executives , royalty and celebrities , which starts at $ 41,000 for the first year .
Parents may also believe that security at college is not something they have to worry about .
But just because you are paying tens , if not hundreds , of thousands of dollars for your child 's education does not mean the university is a safe place .
A report released this week by Insite Security is sure to shake parents ' confidence .
The security firm analyzed crime statistics on and around the campuses of the eight Ivy League colleges as well as Duke , Stanford , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the University of Chicago .
This study was intriguing because it looked not only at the on-campus statistics that colleges are required to report , it also took into account crime in the areas where students socialize off campus .
( The off-campus statistics were drawn from the F.B.I. 's uniform crime report ) .
The Insite report , whose data goes only to 2008 , said three-quarters of the colleges and their surrounding areas had sex offense rates that were 83 percent higher than the national rape average , with Dartmouth having the highest rate .
It said that Harvard had the highest rate of burglary among the 12 .
" Keeping kids safe or making a wise decision about where your kids go to school is more complicated than reviewing the police log at the college security office " , said Christopher Falkenberg , president of Insite .
In response to the report , Sylvia Spears , dean of Dartmouth , said , " Increased reporting is not necessarily an indicator of increased sexual violence on campus but may be indicative of better education about sexual violence and increased awareness of various services and offices on a campus that are available to a victim " .
A spokesman for Harvard said , " It is important to note that how property crimes are classified and reported varies from school to school , and when you look at property crime statistics as a whole , Harvard does not lead in the rankings " .
For prominent families , the costs of a security plan to reduce these risks are part of life , but for most affluent families , such security is prohibitively expensive  even though their children may be just as susceptible to crime .
Several security advisers I spoke with offered advice to wealthy families contemplating security plans while also providing tips to parents of more modest means .
TOP THREATS Curtis Ostrander , the founder of Ostrander International and former vice president for risk management and public safety at Cornell , said the biggest threat he sought to counter was students ' belief that nothing was going to happen to them .
His business focuses on the top targets for campus crime :
international students and children from affluent homes .
It might seem obvious that someone adjusting to a new culture while getting used to college could run into problems .
But children from families who are upper-middle class and higher on the wealth ladder are often nave about personal security , and that makes them targets for theft , alcohol-related crimes and sexual assault .
" If you grew up in a poorer neighborhood , you 'd be more aware of someone coming up behind you and stealing your bag " , Mr. Ostrander said .
He added that the very rich were the least prepared :
" Having security growing up makes it worse because they never had to consider the threats " .
Mr. Falkenberg said a new scam illustrated this problem .
It starts with an attractive , older woman pretending to fall in love with a wealthy male student in the hope of getting pregnant , if not married , and laying claim to his family 's money .
" They 're dweebishly nerdy kids , and the story is always the same " , he said .
" It 's really hard because you have to tell the kid this is not the love of his life " .
STUDENT RESPONSIBILITY Regardless of the threat , the key is to work with students before they leave for college .
And this is where the fees for one-on-one preparation start to climb .
Mr. Ostrander , for example , has a psychologist and a self-defense instructor on staff , and he will work personally with the student in the home country or on campus .
Thomas Ruskin , president of CMP Protective and Investigative Group , said his agents had accompanied clients ' children on trips in the guise of tour guides or drivers , but had also done simple things like monitoring tracking technology on their cellphones .
" It 's about teaching them how to leave the nest but also to teach them what they 've been protected from " , Mr . Ruskin said .
Short of hiring an expensive consultant , parents themselves can do more to prepare children for what can happen on campus .
For male students , the main worries are being beaten up or involved in an alcohol-related crime , and for women , the concerns center on sexual assault .
Yet Mr. Ostrander says parents usually do not do enough to prepare children for theft and computer scams .
These include the infamous Nigerian prince asking for money and more personalized scams devised from the abundance of personal information on the Web .
" Some of us say that 's just common sense , but not for people without a lot of life experience " , he said .
PARENTAL ANXIETY Thinking about what could happen to your child is enough to send the most level-headed parent into over protective mode .
Yet the experts offered some simple steps for parents to take .
Encourage your daughter to use the buddy system when she goes to a party and have a plan if she or a friend drinks too much .
Another is to use campus escorts at night .
Even with prominent children , less can be more .
" It 's a little bit of a give and take with security " , Mr. Ruskin said . " It's a necessary evil , but you don't want to go overboard and then you 're smothering the person " .
The worst thing a parent can do for a child , the experts agreed , is send a bodyguard to class .
The same goes for the middle-class parent repeatedly warning a child not to drink .
That could lead to worse behavior .
" We don't say , ' Don't drink ' , " Mr. Ostrander said . " We say , ' If you drink , here are some of the possible problems . "
He added , " I teach these kids in classes , but these are the same skills they will use the rest of their lives to be safe " .
And that is what any parent wants from college .
Chinese Retailer Casts Doubt on TV Investigation
DaVinci Furniture said this Beijing store and others lost sales after reports it had sold Chinese goods as luxury imports .
Last July , China 's biggest state-run television broadcaster accused a luxury retailer named DaVinci Furniture of passing off low-quality goods from a factory in southern China as premium imports from Italy and other foreign lands .
Now , DaVinci has pointed the cameras and microphones back at the broadcaster , according to a report in current issue of the weekly magazine Caixin .
The magazine is regarded as one of the most authoritative business publications in mainland China .
DaVinci says that it has video and audio evidence that the big state broadcaster , China Central Television , known as CCTV , distorted and even fabricated evidence against DaVinci , and that people close to the television program might have tried to extort money from the company .
The CCTV broadcast in July , on the program " Weekly Quality Report " , became a public relations fiasco for DaVinci , which was founded in Singapore and had established itself in China as a leading retailer of European brands like Versace and Fendi Casa .
It was also a coup for CCTV , which demonstrated that the official propaganda arm of the Communist Party could also engage in muckraking journalism using hidden cameras .
But according to Caixin , Doris Phua , DaVinci 's chief executive , said that after the initial television allegations against DaVinci last July , she agreed to wire about $ 150,000 to the Hong Kong bank account of a middleman whom she said she understood to be acting on behalf of the CCTV journalist involved in the investigative program .
Ms. Phua said the payment had been intended to stop the state broadcaster from continuing to accuse DaVinci , Caixin reported .
She also said that the middleman once asked her to pay the CCTV journalist directly , according to Caixin .
DaVinci said it had reported the incidents to the Chinese police , CCTV executives and the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television , which regulates the industry .
In audio tapes released on the Web site of Caixin , the person DaVinci contends is the middleman is heard discussing a payment with Ms. Phua by telephone , saying :
" Originally , I told you to give it to him directly ; you were not willing to do so , so it is an understood thing , right ?
You did it through me , then it's nothing to do with him .
No one would admit this problem " .
Raymond Wong , executive director of DaVinci , said Tuesday that Ms. Phua had met repeatedly with the middleman and the CCTV journalist , Li Wenxue , after the initial report in July , and that she had been pressured into wiring the $ 150,000 under threat of more harm to the company .
" They were telling us they had much more evidence , and will continue to publish and let our company collapse " , Mr. Wong said .
" They have the power to tell the public things , even if they are not true , and so we thought we should pay the money first " .
He said the company believed that the journalist , Mr. Li , was probably acting for his own gain .
Shortly after the Caixin article appeared online and in print Monday , Mr. Li issued a statement calling DaVinci 's allegations " slander " .
A spokesman for CCTV , which is based in Beijing , did not return telephone calls requesting comment Tuesday .
The man identified as the middleman also could not be reached for comment .
DaVinci is still feeling the effects of the broadcast and has reported a sharp decline in sales in China .
The company has also faced sanctions from regulators and customs officials in Shanghai , who have accused it of falsely labeling items and selling poor-quality products .
The Caixin article , though , has at least temporarily shifted the public focus to the question of whether the news division of China 's biggest state broadcaster might itself have been at fault .
Although mainland Chinese media outlets are obliged to comply with the nation 's strict censorship controls , there have been widespread reports over the years about news outlets engaging in extortion by promising to scrap negative articles in exchange for large cash payments .
Many news outlets are also widely believed to accept payments in exchange for favorable coverage .
In some cases , journalists in China  or people pretending to be journalists  have tried to extort money from coal mine bosses in exchange for not publicizing explosions at illegal mines , according to media reports and mining bosses .
The payments are apparently made to cover up the cases , because the government often acts swiftly against operators of such mines .
For K. K. Lam , a 37-year-old accountant in Guangzhou , inflation means higher prices for pork and for vegetables like bok choy .
For Allen Dong , the sales manager for a home appliance manufacturer 700 miles to the northeast in Ningbo , inflation means trying to persuade retailers to pay more for dehumidifiers so his company can cover rising costs for wages and raw materials .
From street markets to corporate offices , consumers and executives alike in China are trying to cope with rising prices .
The National Bureau of Statistics announced on Saturday that consumer prices in China were 3.5 percent higher compared with a year earlier , the largest increase in nearly two years .
To make matters worse , inflation over the short term also seems to be accelerating .
A seasonally adjusted comparison of August prices to July prices showed that inflation was running at an annualized pace closer to 4.8 percent .
Prices are rising in China for reasons that many Americans or Europeans might envy .
The economy is growing , stores are full and banks are lending lots of money , according to other statistics released by the government on Saturday .
Compared with August of last year , industrial production rose 13.9 percent last month , retail sales increased 18.4 percent , bank lending climbed 18.6 percent and fixed-asset investment surged 24 percent .
All four categories rose slightly more than economists had expected , in the latest sign of the Chinese economy 's strength even as recoveries seem to be flagging elsewhere .
Separate data released on Friday by the General Administration of Customs showed that Chinese demand for imports also remained surprisingly strong .
The trade surplus narrowed to $ 20billion last month , and would have been nearly in balance without China 's $ 18billion surplus with the United States .
But so much cash in the Chinese economy chasing a limited volume of goods is pushing up prices .
Inflation is starting to become troublesome , especially for young people entering the work force and retirees on fixed incomes .
Young people with vocational school degrees typically earn $ 200 to $ 300 a month in factories near the coast these days , and somewhat less in the Chinese interior .
Rising prices have prompted many to ask for bigger paychecks , and blue-collar incomes have increased faster than inflation .
But salaries for recent college graduates , at $ 300 to $ 500 a month in coastal areas , have actually declined in the last few years , even before adjusting for inflation .
A rapid expansion of universities over the last decade has resulted in more young men and women with undergraduate degrees than companies are ready to hire , except at lower pay .
And as in many countries , retirees are among the most vulnerable to inflation .
Ms. Lam said her own mother lived on a pension of just $ 150 a month .
Rising wages are putting pressure on companies to increase their prices .
Mr. Dong , the sales manager at the Ningbo Deye Domestic Electrical Appliance Technology Company , said the company had to raise wages by 10 percent a year , while raw material costs were also climbing .
" It is impossible to transfer our cost increases entirely to our customers , because if we do so , they will all run away " , he said .
" We are currently doing a study of our assembly line work processes to see where we can achieve greater efficiency " .
But as the powerful growth in fixed-asset investment last month showed , Chinese companies are still responding to rising prices by building more factories , office buildings and other equipment , instead of cutting back .
Pan Ning , the sales manager at the Newsunda Industries Company , a manufacturer of school bags and pocket calculators based in Shantou , said labor and raw material prices had been climbing by 5 to 10 percent .
But as school years have begun around the world in the Northern Hemisphere , Newsunda has been able to raise the prices it charges to cover the increased costs , Ms . Pan said .
Chinese officials have said for many years that they regard 5 percent inflation as unacceptable , and they have shown a willingness to clamp down on bank lending and investment whenever annual increases come close to that level .
They have taken some of these steps in recent months , but more recently eased back on lending controls as some Chinese economists suggested that domestic demand might not be as strong as the August data showed .
For now , many Chinese consumers are irked by rising prices for everyday necessities .
" I honestly don't know how young people starting out in the work world manage " , Ms . Lam said .
They pay nearly half their salaries for their own room in a shared apartment in a bad neighborhood . she said , " and if you add in food and transportation , there will be nothing extra left in your salary to send home " .
Are you one of those people who pour the milk down the drain on the expiration date ?
Expiration dates on food products can protect consumer health , but those dates are really more about quality than safety ,
and if not properly understood , they can also encourage consumers to discard food that is perfectly safe to eat .
A recent poll of more than 2,000 adults showed that most of us discard food we believe is unsafe to eat , which is a good thing , of course , but it is important that we understand what food expiration dates mean before we dump our food -- and our money -- down the drain or into the garbage .
On average , in the U.S. we waste about 14% of the food we buy each year .
The average American family of four throws out around $ 600 worth of groceries every year .
Which five foods are most often feared as being unsafe after the printed date ?
According to ShelfLifeAdvice.com , we are most wary of milk , cottage cheese , mayonnaise , yogurt , and eggs , and the site offers these helpful explanations :
Milk :
If properly refrigerated , milk will remain safe , nutritious , and tasty for about a week after the sell-by date and will probably be safe to drink longer than that , though there's a decline in nutritional value and taste .
Cottage cheese :
Pasteurized cottage cheese lasts for 10-14 days after the date on the carton .
Mayonnaise :
Unopened , refrigerated Kraft mayonnaise can be kept for 30 days after its expiration date or 3-4 months after opening , the company told ShelfLifeAdvice .
Yogurt :
Yogurt will remain good 7-10 days after its sell-by date .
Eggs :
Properly refrigerated eggs should last at least 3-5 weeks after the sell-by date , according to Professor Joe Regenstein , a food scientist at Cornell University .
Note :
Use of either a sell-by or expiration ( EXP ) date is not federally required , but may be state required , as defined by the egg laws in the state where the eggs are marketed .
The " Use-By " Date The " use-by " or " best if used-by " date indicates the last day that the item is at its best quality as far as taste , texture , appearance , odor , and nutritional value . The decline after that is gradual .
The use-by date refers to product that has not yet been opened .
The " Sell By " Date The " sell by " date is not really a matter of food safety , but a notice to stores that the product should be taken off the shelf because it will begin to decline in quality after that date .
The Law From the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) :
" Product dating is not generally required by federal regulations .
However , if a calendar date is used , it must express both the month and day of the month ( and the year , in the case of shelf-stable and frozen products . ) If a calendar date is shown , immediately adjacent to the date must be a phrase explaining the meaning of that date such as " sell-by " or " use before .
" There is no uniform or universally accepted system used for food dating in the United States .
Although dating of some foods is required by more than 20 states , there are areas of the country where much of the food supply has some type of open date and other areas where almost no food is dated " .
Food-Borne Illness Cross-contamination and unsanitary conditions are a primary cause of food-related illnesses , whether it occurs in the home or in a restaurant , and this is independent of any expiration date .
The leading culprits are :
Improper hand-washing prior to food preparation .
Storing food at the wrong temperature .
Cooking food to an inadequate temperature .
Cross-contamination ( raw meats that come into contact with salads , for instance . )
Improper washing of fresh produce .
The Yuck Factor :
Common Sense Approach to Food Safety Aside from any expiration date or lack thereof , if a food item is moldy or if it smells and looks spoiled , err on the side of caution .
If it makes you say , " yuck " , throw it away .
One of the most important concepts in inter-protocol operation is that of encapsulation .
Most data originates within the higher layers of the OSI model .
The protocols at these layers pass the data down to lower layers for transmission , usually in the form of discrete messages .
Upon receipt , each lower-level protocol takes the entire contents of the message received and encapsulates it into its own message format , adding a header and possibly a footer that contain important control information .
A good analogy for how encapsulation works is a comparison to sending a letter enclosed in an envelope .
Due to the prominence of TCP/IP , the Internet Protocol is one of the most important places where data encapsulation occurs on a modern network .
Data is passed to IP typically from one of the two main transport layer protocols : TCP or UDP .
This data is already in the form of a TCP or UDP message with TCP or UDP headers .
This is then encapsulated into the body of an IP message , usually called an IP datagram or IP packet .
Encapsulation and formatting of an IP datagram is also sometimes called packagingagain , the implied comparison to an envelope is obvious .
The process is shown in Figure 85 .
Figure 85 : IP Datagram Encapsulation This is an adaptation of Figure 15 , the very similar drawing for the OSI Reference Model as a whole , showing specifically how data encapsulation is accomplished in TCP/IP .
As you can see , an upper layer message is packaged into a TCP or UDP message .
This then becomes the payload of an IP datagram , which is shown here simply with one header ( things can get a bit more complex than this ) .
The IP datagram is then passed down to layer 2 where it is in turn encapsulated into some sort of LAN , WAN or WLAN frame , then converted to bits and transmitted at the physical layer .
If the message to be transmitted is too large for the size of the underlying network , it may first be fragmented .
This is analogous to splitting up a large delivery into multiple smaller envelopes or boxes .
In this case , each IP datagram carries only part of the higher-layer message .
The receiving device must reassemble the message from the IP datagrams .
So , a datagram does n't always carry a full higher-layer message ; it may hold only part of one .
The IP datagram is somewhat similar in concept to a frame used in Ethernet or another data link layer .
The important difference , of course , is that IP datagrams are designed to facilitate transmission across an internetwork , while data link layer frames are used only for direct delivery within a physical network .
The fields included in the IP header are used to manage internetwork datagram delivery .
This includes key information for delivery such as the address of the destination device , identification of the type of frame , and control bits .
The header follows a specific format described in the following topic .
After data is encapsulated into an IP datagram , it is passed down to the data link layer for transmission across the current " hop " of the internetwork .
There , it is of course further encapsulated , IP header and all , into a data link layer frame such as an Ethernet frame .
An IP datagram may be encapsulated into many such data link layer frames as it is routed across the internetwork ;
on each hop the IP datagram is removed from the data link layer frame and then repackaged into a new one for the next hop .
The IP datagram , however , is not changed ( except for some control fields ) until it reaches its final destination .
Special Report The Next 10 Years What Happens Next :
Our Look Ahead Futurism favors the bold :
Look more than 30 years ahead , as George Orwell did in 1984 or Arthur C. Clarke in 2001 , and critics will forgive your inaccuracies .
We 've attempted a thought experiment with far tougher standards :
predicting the future that's just around the corner .
We forecast some of the noteworthy events of the next 10 years , a vision of the coming decade sketched from real data , projections and facts whenever possible--though we 've injected a dose of rigorous science fiction to fill in the gaps .
The Next Decade In Medicine 2012 :
Super-Tuberculosis Omni-drug-resistant , contagious tuberculosis infects children in Mexico City , spreads to Texas , Guatemala , Brazil .
U.S. - Mexico border closed . 2013 :
DNA Sequencing Pays Blue Cross/ Blue shield becomes first insurer to reimburse for DNA sequencing . 2014 :
Big Pharma Implodes Pfizer , world 's largest drugmaker , breaks up into five smaller firms . 2015 :
Take Your Brain Pills Novartis sells first autism drug .
Compound treats patients with " fragile X " chromosome . 2016 :
Men Become Obsolete Two Australian women conceive first fatherless child using synthetic sperm derived from one mother 's stem cell . 2018 :
Too Fat to Live U.S. life expectancy declines for first time in a century .
Doctors blame 55% obesity rate . 2020 :
Meet Dr. HAL FDA approves autonomous robot surgery to remove tumors .
Cure rates boosted 20% in some cases .
Mixed marriages :
The mixture as before MARRIAGE between people of different backgrounds is one of the best barometers of social integration , especially for migrants .
Few things say that someone born abroad is becoming part of his or her adopted country than marrying a local .
Unfortunately , getting good figures on " mixed marriages " is hard .
Marriage licences and censuses contain all sorts of information , but not all of it useful .
All the more reason , then , to welcome a new study on mixed marriages in Europe by Giampaolo Lanzieri .
Mr Lanzieri , who works at Eurostat , the European Commission's statistical body , is one of the most careful students of social trends around .
He defines " mixed marriage " as one between a native-born person living in a country and someone born abroad .
This definition is clear and means his figures are consistent and comparable from country to country . The drawback is that it makes them imperfect guides to integration .
If a man born in France of Algerian parents marries a girl from his parent 's home town , that counts as a " mixed marriage " ( he was born in France , she in Algeria . )
But it is the opposite of integration through marriage .
If , on the other hand , a British man of Caribbean extraction marries a white British girl , that does not count as a mixed marriage , even though it is clearly an example of ethnical and racial integration .
Still , despite these qualifications , these are the best national figures going and the only ones that cast a clear and consistent light on marriages with foreigners in Europe . They show three trends .
First , mixed marriages are inching up almost everywhere .
In 25 of the 30 countries , there were more mixed marriages in 2008-10 than there had been in 2005-07 .
That might suggest that at the intimate level of family formation , " ever closer union " is becoming more of reality in Europe - though in most countries , the share of the total population of marriageable age actually married to a foreigner is low , below 5%
Second , there is substantial variety in the level .
In the Baltic states , more than 15% of married couples include one spouse born abroad .
At the other end of the spectrum , the figure for Romania and Bulgaria is below 0.5%.
As the chart shows , there seems to be a broad north-south divide .
Marriages to a foreigner are more common in Scandinavia , the Netherlands and France , than they are in Italy , Spain and South East Europe .
Third , as a general rule , the smallest countries have the most mixed marriages , such as Luxembourg , Switzerland and the Baltic states .
These countries tend to have close personal ties with their larger neighbours ( and that is true even when , as in the Baltic states , political relations are bad . )
Linguistic ties matter too .
German-speaking Swiss tend to marry Germans ; French-speaking Swiss marrying French people .
The research also hints that Britain may have less immigrant assimilation than it sometimes imagines .
Britain has somewhat fewer mixed marriages than France .
The difference is not great but 8.8% of British marriages include a foreign-born spouse compared with 11.8% in France .
Mixed marriages as a share of the total population of marriageable age are also lower in Britain ( 4.2%) than in France ( 5.6%) .
The difference seems to be concentrated among immigrant men .
Foreign-born British men are much less likely to marry a local woman than foreign-born French men are .
Only 28% of married British men born abroad are married to native-born British women , compared with 39% of married foreign-born French men .
Rainbows are a simple , ordered display of visible light reflected off of water droplets in the atmosphere .
Arctic Rainbow Photograph by Paul Nicklen A rainbow is reflected in Arctic icy waters in Canada 's Foxe Basin .
Data from submarines suggest that Arctic sea ice has thinned by 40 percent in the past 30 years .
As more water is exposed , the upper ocean absorbs more sunshine , speeding up the decline .
Rainbow Car Photograph by Paul Nicklen The end of a rainbow spotlights a solitary car traveling down a remote road in North America .
Since a rainbow is an optical illusion , it doesn't have an actual endpoint .
Instead , a rainbow 's position continually shifts depending on the viewer 's perspective .
Rainbow Over Baobab Tree Photograph by Beverly Joubert A rainbow graces skies above the Mombo region of Botswana 's Okavango Delta , home to the Moremi Game Reserve , elusive leopards , and lurking hyenas .
Baobab trees such as this one can provide some relief from the sweltering heat .
Alaska Highway Rainbow Photograph by Raymond Gehman Like a portal to wild spaces , a double rainbow hangs over the Alaska Highway in British Columbia , Canada .
While rainbows display a brilliant array of colors , most of the radiation in the universe , from very long wavelengths picked up by radios to ultrashort ones seen by special x-ray and gamma-ray detectors , lies outside the rainbow of visible light .
Rainbow Purple Sky Photograph by Paul Nicklen A fisheye lens captures arcs of light crowning the Canadian wilderness .
Water refracts , or bends , the light , separating it into red , orange , yellow , green , blue , and violet Australian Rainbow Photograph by Randy Olson A double rainbow frames termite mounds in Australia's grasslands .
Double arcs happen when light is reflected more than once in an atmospheric water droplet .
Tanzania Rainbow Photograph by Carsten Peter Rainbows frame a peculiar lava formation at Ol Doinyo Lengai , a volcano in Tanzania .
Maasai goddess Eng'al , who signals her wrath with eruptions and drought , is said to inhabit the summit .
Rainbow Over Soybean Field Photograph by Raymond Gehman A storm leaves a colorful mark across the Pennsylvania sky .
Soybean fields , like the one pictured here , are common in Pennsylvania .
Tundra Rainbows Photograph by Joel Sartore Rainbows brighten Alaska 's tundra , parts of which are estimated to hold millions of barrels of oil .
The tundra is also home to caribou , an important source of sustenance in regions such as Alaska 's North Slope .
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he will not be defending his Shanghai Masters title because he wants to spend more time with his family .
O'Sullivan , 34 , beat Liang Wenbo of China 10-5 in the 2009 final .
The Englishman was due to play China 's Tian Pengfei or Jamie Burnett of Scotland in the first round of this year 's competition .
" I 'm truly sorry to my fans in China " , added O'Sullivan , who has a three-year-old son , also called Ronnie , and daughter Lily , four . " I love meeting and playing in front of some of the most passionate people in the world . I very much look forward to returning to China soon " .
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn stated :
" It 's very disappointing for his fans in China but we understand the personal reasons behind Ronnie 's withdrawal " .
U.S. beats Turkey to win world championship Kevin Durant beamed as he listened to his national anthem , which hadn't been played at the end of the world championship in 16 years .
And that was no " B- Team " standing beside him on the center of the medals platform .
It was the best team in the world .
The United States won its first world championship since 1994 on Sunday , beating Turkey 81-64 behind another sensational performance from the tournament MVP . Durant scored 28 points , setting a record along the way for most in the tournament by a U.S. player .
He left the court with 42 seconds remaining and shared a long hug with coach Mike Krzyzewski , who finally won the world title after his previous two attempts ended with bronze medals .
Lamar Odom added 15 points and 11 rebounds for the Americans , who won gold in the worlds for the fourth time , doing so with a team that was no sure thing after coming to Turkey without the superstars from its Olympic gold medal team .
With Kobe Bryant , LeBron James and Co. sitting home , this group was called a " B-Team " , which the players were aware of and couldn't wait to disprove .
" I think that was extra motivation " , Durant said . " It was exciting to come out here and win and also to prove people wrong " .
And they came through where many of their bigger-name predecessors couldn't four years ago in Japan in the world championship , beginning to quiet a raucous crowd midway through the second quarter with a superb defensive effort .
" I thought we rallied and we became a little bit of an unconventional team " , Krzyzewski said .
" We thought we could win , we just felt it would be a lot harder , and they worked real hard and they made it happen " .
Durant , who scored 33 and a U.S.- record 38 points in the previous two games , again took care of the offense , qualifying the U.S. for the 2012 Olympics .
Hedo Turkoglu of the Phoenix Suns scored 16 points for the Turks , who were bidding for their first title and were boosted by huge crowd support , with fans in red filling most of the 15,000- seat Sinan Erdem Dome .
Lithuania beat Serbia for the bronze earlier in the day .
Durant scored 20 in the first half , then hit consecutive 3-pointers early in the third quarter , yelling at Turkish fans sitting courtside and pounding his chest after the second , as the U.S. quickly extended a 10-point halftime lead .
The Americans already knew they 'd be bringing a different team to Turkey after all the gold medalists from the 2008 Olympics opted to take this summer off .
Then All-Star forwards Amare Stoudemire and David Lee were forced to withdraw on the opening day of training camp .
The U.S. was left with a young , undersized team , featuring six players 22 or younger and only one true center in Tyson Chandler , who quickly became a backup when forward Odom was installed as the starter .
So this team simply rode Durant to the gold medal .
The NBA scoring champion made seven 3-pointers against Turkey , often pulling up from places that were simply too far away for its zone to reach , and the Americans outrebounded the Turks 42 - 34 .
" This team had a lot of character and poise " , Odom said . " A lot of people thought we were undersized and we didn't have a center , we didn't have too many big guys .
People thought we were going to get killed on the inside , but we played tough , hung in there , and stayed strong , focused " .
The whistling was so loud when U.S. players were introduced that it was hard to make out the names .
There were more whistles and boos every time the Americans had the ball in the early going , and the building was at its loudest when Turkoglu made consecutive 3-pointers to give Turkey its first lead at 15 -14 with 4:07 remaining in the first quarter .
Durant was most of the U.S. offense , as he often was throughout the tournament , scoring 11 points in the quarter to help the Americans to a 22-17 advantage .
Unable to crack Turkey 's zone , the U.S. kept going smaller to get more shooting on the floor , at one point playing Durant and Rudy Gay with guards Eric Gordon , Stephen Curry and Russell Westbrook .
The U.S. held Turkey to one field goal over the first 6 minutes of the second quarter , extending the lead to 10 on a 3-pointer by Durant . The Americans were ahead 42-32 at halftime .
The U.S. victory put a disappointing end to an important day for Turks , who approved sweeping changes to their constitution in a referendum vote , which the government hailed as a leap toward full democracy .
President Barack Obama called Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan before the game , congratulating him on the success of the tournament and Turkey 's team while acknowledging " the vibrancy of Turkey 's democracy as reflected in the turnout for the referendum " .
But the team , serenaded throughout by fans singing " 12 Giant Men " , its theme song since its runner-up finish while hosting the 2001 European championship , fell short of becoming the fourth host to win the world championship and first since Yugoslavia in 1970 .
The Turks were a step slow and consistently beaten on the boards , perhaps drained from their thrilling 83-82 victory over Serbia in Saturday 's late game .
" Nobody was expecting to be this far " , Turkoglu said . " So I 'm really happy , really proud " .
FIBA inducted its Hall of Fame class at halftime , a group that included women's star Cheryl Miller , former NBA centers Vlade Divac and Arvydas Sabonis , and Brazilian star Oscar Schmidt .
Dancing with Daddy By Geary Smith
" I am so bored " , said Jessica one early Sunday morning .
" There is nothing fun to do around the house " .
Jessica Beth was 8 years old and very energetic ready for some fun .
She tried playing inside all by herself , but after a while it was not any fun Jessica read to her dolls , and got on her computer , but soon that was boring .
" What else can I do for fun " ?
thought Jessica .
Minutes later , Jessica 's Daddy entered the room .
" Jessica why are you looking so bored " ?
asked her Daddy " It is a boring morning " , replied Jessica .
" Sure there is plenty to do for fun " , said her Daddy .
" Just wait right here " .
" Jessica 's Daddy went back into his bedroom and into his closet . "
" What in the world is Daddy doing in his closet " ?
thought Jessica . " What is he looking for ? "
About five minutes later , Jessica 's Daddy came back with a huge black trunk .
" What is in the trunk " ?
asked Jessica .
As her Daddy opened the trunk , he pulled out a black top hat , a long black cane and black tap shoes .
He put them on and moved some of the furniture back for extra room .
" Now , let me show you a new dance " , said her Daddy .
" This is how I used to dance when I lived and performed in New York City . "
Jessica 's Daddy looked very funny in his top hat and twirling his cane .
She did not know that her Daddy knew how to sing and tap dance .
As she looked into his trunk , there were old black and white pictures of her Daddy dancing and singing in front of people .
There were even pictures of her Daddy when he was little around her age .
She tried on some of the old hats that her Daddy used to wear while dancing .
" Come on Jessica , now lets dance " , said her Daddy .
" Now , let me teach you one of my favorite songs " .
Hours had past with Jessica and her Daddy having the best of fun dancing and singing .
Jessica even taught her Daddy one of her dances .
Hours later after having so much fun , Jessica 's Daddy said , " Now we better clean up this room before we go to Church and your mother wakes up " .
Infeasible or unfeasible ?
JOHNSON gets e-mail :
I am writing in the hope that you might share your thoughts on a topic that is causing much consternation here at my company .
Last week , a debate began in our US office over whether the correct term was " unfeasible " or " infeasible" as it stands there are 17 people involved in multiple time zones .
Both " are words " according to the dictionaries that I have consulted but the OED puts " infeasible " as rare .
However , to my ears " unfeasible " seems crass and I am loth to give in to it .
But why ?
This feeling on my part got me thinking of the last few times similar debates broke out and it seems the most vicious are always those where both sides have taken a position on a fairly arbitrary basis and are not prepare to give up ( as represented by myself at this point . )
Broadly then , the two questions I thought I would put to you in the hope that you might comment are , firstly , why the two near identical words and , secondly , why are cases like this the most divisive ?
Perhaps as a follow up , how do you resolve these arguments when there is no " right " answer but it causes such division ?
Just tell everyone to chill ?
Andrew Maddox , London First to the facts on unfeasible/infeasible .
We can't rule on " crass , " but " unfeasible " is attested in the OED from 1527 to the present day , and " infeasible " ( first attested 1533 ) is indeed marked as " now rare " with no warning label .
The excellent " Merriam-Webster 's Dictionary of English Usage " is uncharacteristically silent on the subject .
Finally , Bryan Garner , an American , prefers " infeasible , " and calls " unfeasible " a " needless variant , " in his " Modern American Usage " .
Going back a bit , H.W. Fowler didn't like " feasible " in the first place ( considering it needlessly fancy in his 1926 " Modern English Usaage , ) " but the Concise Oxford Dictionary ( 1911 ) that he co-edited lists " unfeasible " ( not " infeasible . ) "
So experts disagree and for once , the OED seems to be wrong .
It's not clear when the last time the entry for " infeasible " was updated ( I'm using OED.com , ) but " infeasible " is not " now rare . "
Google 's Ngram viewer , which searches the millions of books Google has indexed , shows that both words have been in use for a long time .
" Unfeasible " is in fact the more traditional , being the more popular of the two until " infeasible , " for some reason , leapfrogged it in the late 1970s .
Above is the British usage .
( Both words have declined in popularity in American usage , but " infeasible " overtook " unfeasible " at roughly the same time in America ) .
Having researched this , I now can't figure out what I would say myself .
And I must be a pretty can-do fellow , since I have used neither " unfeasible " nor " infeasible " in the many thousands of e-mails stored in both my work and personal accounts .
Having done the digging , I would now simply say that " infeasible " has more intellectual defenders and is more common today .
It has a cousin in the French infaisable .
( " Un- " is a Germanic prefix ) .
If you must use one or the other , " infeasible " seems the better choice .
To answer the more general question :
why are there two such similar words ?
Simply because both were coined , by the use of two common negating prefixes , in- and un- and the pre-existing " feasible . "
Anyone can coin a word from transparent pieces , remembering to follow the basic rules of English word-building .
You won't find " unsquidlike " in a dictionary , but you will find it 80 times on the internet , and you know what it means .
Bound dictionaries don't determine what is or isn't a word , as Erin McKean , a lexicographer , explains in her delightful TED talk .
Finally , to the next meta- question , why do we get so worked up about these tiny things ?
People are tribal , and they often enjoy getting especially tribal about the tiniest things .
Britons and Americans can both make passionate defences of driving on their respective sides of the road , or how many syllables " alumin(i)um " has , partly because , though the choice is arbitrary , it is defining :
do you belong to the red team or the blue team ?
It seems to be in our nature to get worked up about these things .
Astronomers weekly announce the discovery of new exoplanets , some similar in size or temperature to our planet ---- but Earth-like worlds are not always far away .
Though Saturn 's largest moon , Titan , is a small , cold world orbiting on the outskirts of the solar system , it actually boasts many familiar features .
" Titan is fascinating because it has some surprising properties so similar to Earth " , said planetary scientist Oded Aharonson from the California Institute of Technology .
" It has a liquid which erodes channels , an atmosphere , a hydrologic cycle , and many other parallels " .
Chief among Titan 's interesting qualities is that it 's the only body other than Earth where liquids are known to flow in large concentrations on the surface .
Because average temperatures there are - 300 degrees Fahrenheit , these liquids are not water . Instead , hydrocarbons such as methane and ethane rain down from clouds , course over the landscape in rivers and eventually pour out into large lakes and seas .
The presence of liquids has sparked scientists ' imaginations .
If Titan has so many Earth-like features , perhaps it possesses one more terrestrial trait : the presence of life .
Native organisms on Titan would be an incredible discovery , showing that life may have formed more than once and suggesting it 's common in the universe .
In this gallery , Wired looks closer at the details of this strange wet world so similar and so different from our own .
Above : Sea of Ligeia Creatively colored in this image , Ligeia Mare looks like an inviting place for a summer vacation .
Ligeia is one of Titan 's largest lakes , with a surface area bigger than Lake Superior , located in the planet 's northern high latitudes .
The radar data for this picture came from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft , which has been in orbit around Saturn since 2004 .
Around the edges , many channels are visible . Rivers of hydrocarbons carved these channels , in much the same way that the Colorado River etched out the Grand Canyon .
The Rains in the Plains NASA 's Cassini spacecraft has captured evidence of large weather systems on Titan .
In 2010 , astronomers noticed that the parts of the surface had darkened after the passing of rain clouds , suggesting the areas became wet after rainstorms .
Much like Earth , Titan has seasonal changes as well as longer-term climate cycles , which may take place over tens or hundreds of thousands of years .
The largest lake yet found on Titan is the gargantuan Kraken Mare . Discovered in 2007 , researchers don't yet know its full extent but it 's been estimated to be about the size of Earth 's largest lake , the Caspian Sea .
Rivers of Methane The Huygens lander detached from NASA 's Cassini satellite and plummeted toward the surface of Titan in 2005 .
Along the way , it captured spectacular details of the water and landscape .
Drowned Mountains
Ever-changing plate tectonics have built continents and drowned mountains on Earth .
Similarly , the surface of Titan has been remolded by geologic processes and the presence of liquid on its surface .
Distant Islands An enormous island lies right in the middle of a section of Kraken Mare on Titan .
The landmass , surrounded on all sides by liquid , is roughly the size of the Big Island of Hawaii .
River Rocks
When the European Space Agency 's Huygens lander reached the surface of Titan in 2005 , it captured the first-ever evidence of liquid on the surface of another planet .
Matheson Saturn- rise Over the Lake
There was a day , last week , a federal judge , Vaughn Walker , had set 5 P.M. on Wednesday , August 18th , as the moment when a stay on his decision declaring Proposition 8 , the state 's referendum banning same-sex marriages , unconstitutional would expire .
Then the weddings could begin .
That Monday , however , the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals agreed to hear the case , and kept the stay in place .
Both sides must file their initial briefs by September 17th .
Any decision almost certainly would be appealed again , putting the case , Perry v . Schwarzenegger , on track to reach the Supreme Court in 2011 .
But it might not make it that far .
The Circuit Court 's order contained this note :
" Appellants are directed to include in their opening brief a discussion of why this appeal should not be dismissed for lack of Article III standing " .
Having " standing " means having the right to bring a lawsuit .
Not just anyone can challenge a law or appeal ; you have to actually be injured .
The plaintiffs in the case , a gay couple and a lesbian couple , had standing because they applied for and were denied marriage licenses .
The named defendants were Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and other state officials .
They stood aside during the trial in Judge Walker 's court , allowing ProtectMarriage.com , which campaigned for Prop. 8 , to organize a defense .
Now the Governor and the others don't want to appeal  Schwarzenegger likes the decision .
If ProtectMarriage.com has no standing , and there is no other appellant , gay marriage could , in effect , become legal in California by default .
Not all supporters of marriage equality are happy about that prospect .
They want to get married in a proper way  with the support and approval of friends and neighbors .
Before Perry v. Schwarzenegger , Lambda Legal , an advocacy group , had been conducting a careful campaign in state legislatures and courts .
( Same-sex couples can now marry in five states and Washington D.C. , and public opinion has shifted markedly ) .
As Margaret Talbot wrote in this magazine , many activists were wary of the federal case and of the lead lawyers , Theodore Olson and David Boies .
If they got to the Supreme Court before the ground was prepared , might there be a precedent-setting loss ?
Would a victory premised on a judge throwing out a referendum feel legitimate  especially if the opposition didn't even get to appeal ?
But the technicality presented by standing isn't just technical .
It raises a larger issue .
If Prop. 8 's proponents don't have standing to sue , then who does ?
Who is hurt by gay marriage ?
Walker kept asking that question during the trial , and never really got an answer , despite encouraging both sides to call witnesses .
( The plaintiffs called seventeen , the defenders of Prop. 8 two ) .
In the referendum campaign , Walker wrote , Prop. 8 's advocates had focussed on " fear - inducing messages " about " protecting children from inchoate threats vaguely associated with gays and lesbians " .
One reason for the vagueness may have been that they didn't have much to go on .
At the trial , their main witness cited studies showing that children do better with married parents than with single ones .
Some eighteen percent of gay and lesbian couples in California are already raising kids , and even a witness for Prop. 8 conceded that it would be helpful for those children if their parents were married .
Some benefits derived from marriage can be secured through domestic partnerships , adoptions , insurance policies , and well-written proxies , directives , and wills ( how much tuition could be paid for with the legal fees for all that , ) but not all of them .
The Defense of Marriage Act prevents federal spousal benefits from going to same-sex couples .
More than a thousand federal statutes rely on marriage to define one 's status .
If you are a widow of any age caring for a child , and your income falls below a certain level , you may qualify for Social Security benefits based on your late spouse 's earnings ( beyond what the child might receive . )
An unmarried parent would not .
You don't need to be married to be a good parent , but marriage equality protects children by giving parents more tools with which to protect them .
Say that the practical issues could all be worked out , and domestic partnerships could be made more or less equitable .
Would that do the trick ?
This was one of the central questions of Perry v. Schwarzenegger :
Sandra Stier , one of the plaintiffs , testified about her frustration filling out forms that asked if she was " single , married or divorced : "
she found herself " scratching something out ...
making sure I explain to folks what that is " .
On an ordinary day , you can explain the complexities of a relationship , or simply elide them .
But if someone goes to the hospital , or a child gets in trouble at school , then who everyone is , with respect to one another and in the eyes of the law , matters a great deal .
Even a stepmother calling a school has less explaining to do than a child 's mother 's girlfriend .
More than that , Stier 's domestic partner , Kristin Perry  they have four children  testified that there was nothing in their legal agreements that conveyed " the love and commitment that are inherent in marriage " .
Judge Walker used the word " honor " .
A wedding has a transformative power .
Perry had standing to sue less because of any single benefit she was denied than because Prop. 8 prevented her from becoming a wife .
It's hard to see how heterosexual wives would be injured if Perry and Stier joined them . Marriage is not a scarce resource that has to be rationed . ( Nor is love ) .
When Walker pressed a lawyer for Prop. 8 , who had been talking about marriage existing for procreation , to say in what way , exactly , marriage equality would harm the institution , the answer was " I don't know " .
Ross Douthat , a columnist for the Times , wrote that a " marital ideal " would be lost  but he admitted that this ideal was disconnected from reality .
The shattering of an illusion , or the grip of a prejudice , is not enough to give someone standing in court .
This might become an attractive option for everyone .
If such contractual arrangements are really just as good as marriage , then what is a wedding good for , other than cake ?
As for other potential victims , Judge Walker found that the State of California , far from suffering , would benefit from having more citizens in stable households .
The Circuit Court could still let someone appeal  Prop. 8 's advocates , who have come this far , or some government official .
( Imperial County , where Prop. 8 got seventy percent of the vote , as opposed to fifty-two percent in the entire state , has asked for standing ) .
But the view from where those potential appellants stand , and from where couples like Perry and Stier are living their lives , is very different .
Judge Walker found that , rather than seeking a novel right , the plaintiffs are asking California " to recognize their relationships for what they are : marriages " .
Almost , but not yet .
Since we discovered that technically anything with 3 wheels or less qualifies as a motorcycle then technically the ENERGYA Motorcycle fits the bill .
With two wheels in the front and two full seats it almost looks like a racecar , but it only has one rear wheel .
The designer Higgins-Aub actually calls it a " motomobile " since it 's sort of a car / motorcycle hybrid .
Source Ferrari V4 Motorcycle Concept If Ferrari made a motorcycle to match the car this would be it .
Industrial designer Amir Glinik took the sexy curves and sleek lines that make Ferrari so fiercely desirable and put them in bike form .
The design takes the best aspects of vintage and modern Ferrari projects based on aesthetics and performance to create the perfect Ferrari Bike .
For instance the Ferrari V4 Motorcycle Concept features hand controls adapted from a F-16 Fighter Jet and buttons based on the Formula 1 racers .
The nUCLEUS takes everything you think you know about motorcycle design and turns it on its side .
Truly unlike any other bike design out there NONOBJECT designed this bike to stand on its own in terms of design rather than take inspiration from every other bike concept out there .
When not in use the motorcycle looks like a weird box , but when in motion the wheels extend and the saddle rises , showing off its function .
Source Magic Tricycle
The Magic Tricycle sounds like something your four year old daughter might drive in the back yard , but it 's actually an amazingly clever transforming motorcycle .
When you 'd rather be in a car , say on the highway for instance , it lies on its side and uses 3 wheels as sort of a car .
But when you just want pure speed its stands upright with the third wheel on top , which supposedly helps keep it balanced .
The folks over at Gizmodo kindly pointed out that the " Speed Racer " motorcycle concept by Dan Bailey looks like something that came out of the Aliens movies , and we have to agree .
Based around the Kawasaki Ninja the bike has some solid foundations , but was designed to look intimidating yet sleek .
There's no word as to whether or not it will see production , but considering how bad ass it looks we hope it does .
Source Ghost Motorcycle Concept
Anyone else on the road will only have a small glimpse of you as you fly by them at top speed and wonder if maybe they 've seen a ghost .
Well , in a way , the sort of did .
The Ghost Motorcycle concept puts the rider in an aggressive forward position that feels incredibly fast .
The design draws its inspiration from the speed demon Ghost Rider as well as a flying falcon .
Source 2015 Honda CB750 Concept
This blocky bike feels like a vision of the future as imagined by a video game designer from the mid 90s .
The carbon fiber , aluminum and titanium frame gives the 2015 Honda CB750 enough strength to carry heavy riders .
It 's powered by a four cylinder liquid hydrogen engine and features on board computers controlled by an OLED touch screen .
It also features radar technology that will slow the bike automatically if it detects an oncoming collision  a feature which you can of course disable if you like to live dangerously .
The reformers have won , but they have yet to consolidate their success . Sep 9th 2010 SUMMIT meetings involving Latin America 's presidents are so frequent these days ( one is pictured above ) that Mexico 's Mr Caldern has likened diplomacy in the region to a mountain range .
Yet for all the talk of regional integration , political Latin America looks more divided than ever .
Mr Chvez likes to threaten war against Colombia , which in turn accuses him of harbouring its FARC guerrillas .
Sub-regional trade groups such as Mercosur and the Andean Community , which made progress in the 1990s , have stagnated or fallen apart .
Yet while the politicians bicker , corporate Latin America is quietly moving closer together .
A growing army of multilatinas have expanded abroad .
Some , like Embraer or Bimbo , have become global multinationals .
Many others , including Chilean retailers and Brazilian banks and construction firms , have expanded within Latin America .
Some Mexican firms , led by Amrica Mvil , a telecoms giant , are moving into Brazil .
Until recently such firms tended to list their shares in New York , but now a Latin American capital market is poised to emerge .
In three to five years there will be a seamless network of Latin American stock exchanges , including Mexico 's , reckons Mr Oliveira of BRAIN Brasil .
The market-oriented reforms of the 1980s and 1990s , combined with a few years of commodity-driven prosperity , are transforming Latin American business .
Together with more progressive social policies , these forces are starting to create more dynamic and less unequal societies too .
Whether these trends can be sustained depends in part on what lessons the politicians draw from the region 's relative buoyancy in the recession .
Thanks to the commodity boom and rising revenues , governments in many countries have had an easy time of it in the past few years .
Presidents have generally been able to avoid difficult reforms .
All this has generated a sense of complacency , even triumphalism in the region .
After all , as Lula put it , it was " blond , blue-eyed bankers " elsewhere who screwed up world capitalism on a scale that not even Latin America managed in the past .
Perhaps the region first had to stabilise its economies and build its social safety net before embarking on microeconomic and institutional reform .
But if it is to achieve the goal of development over the next decade , more reform will be needed .
The list of pending tasks is long :
Set aside some of today 's revenues for long-term infrastructure projects , for saving against a commodity bust in a stabilisation fund or for pensions for a population that will soon start ageing ;
get the rich and the tens of millions in the informal economy to pay more tax ;
take on the teachers' unions to improve schooling ;
reform labour laws , pensions and health care to create a fairer system of social protection ;
tackle the drug gangs and the vested interests in the judicial system .
Though daunting , this should be less difficult to achieve than dismantling dictatorship and stabilising the economy proved to be .
Latin America turned to the market and to democracy because in 1982 it was bankrupt .
The new policies mostly worked eventually , once they were backed by a social safety - net .
But some countries did not stay the course .
For the past decade an ideological battle has raged between reformers  be they liberals or social democrats  and those , such as Mr Chvez , who would return to the authoritarian past .
The reformers seem to have won the argument , though it may take a while longer for that to become clear .
Now they must consolidate their victory by demolishing the remaining barriers to development .
" UNTIL recently , I thought that there would never again be an opportunity to be involved with an industry as socially destructive as the subprime mortgage industry " , said Steve Eisman , a hedge - fund manager who made a lot of money during the financial crisis by shorting bank shares , to Congress in June . " I was wrong . The for - profit education industry has proven equal to the task " .
America 's for-profit colleges are under fire ( see article , ) and the Obama administration is preparing tough new regulations for them .
Although recent scandals suggest higher education needs to be better regulated , discriminating against the for-profit sector could do wider damage .
Sub-prime learning The notion that profit is too dirty a motive to be allowed in a business as fine as education is pervasive .
Even Britain 's Conservatives , determined though they are to introduce radical educational reforms , have drawn the line at allowing for-profit schools to get state funding .
America has generally been more liberal ;
and , with the state and non-profit colleges cutting back , the for-profit sector has been doing startlingly well .
In 2008 - 09 some 3,000 for-profit colleges educated 3.2m students  59% more than three years earlier , and 11.7% of all students .
Yet recent government reports suggest that some of these colleges have a troublingly familiar business model :
flogging a low-grade product to people who are paying with subsidised government loans .
The Department of Education reported that most students at many of these universities were defaulting on their loans .
Similarly , an investigation by the Government Accountability Office found that even leading for-profit colleges such as Kaplan and the University of Phoenix had engaged in dodgy practices to recruit students and encourage them to borrow large sums to pay for their courses .
Among the most contentious of the new rules due to be introduced on November 1st is a " gainful employment " requirement that would make a course eligible for government loans only if enough current or past students are repaying their loans .
The for-profit colleges maintain that they have high drop-out rates because their students are poorer than those in the state and non-profit sector , and that the gainful - employment rule will simply reduce access to higher education for poorer people .
Don Graham , boss of the Washington Post Company , which owns Kaplan , has suggested that private colleges should be required to refund all fees if a student decides to drop out during his first term in order to " drive out all the bad actors " from the industry .
Constructive suggestions are rare in a debate that has mixed a lot of rhetorical cant with a big principle . The cant is more obvious .
The American right cites Barack Obama 's proposals as another sign that he hates capitalism .
Yet not only abuses plainly occurred but for-profit colleges are hardly poster children for free enterprise : they are already heavily regulated , not least because most of the loans to students are provided by the government .
The left , from its non-profit redoubts , claims that these are big businesses exploiting the little guy .
The principle ?
Concentrate on the quality of the education , not the ownership .
All sorts of colleges seem to have been guilty of shabby marketing . They should be treated the same .
Good rules  such as Mr Graham 's one  should apply to non-profit and for-profit colleges alike .
Singling out for-profits for special attention risks depriving students , and America at large , of the full benefits in innovation and cost - effectiveness that the profit motive has generally brought to higher education . That really would be " socially destructive . "
Daily chart :
Annoying things on phones
Digital adverts on smartphones are getting more invasive ON JULY 12th , America's Department of Commerce will hold a public meeting in Washington , DC , to discuss aspects of mobile privacy .
As smartphones and tablets capture ever more eyeballs , digital-ad firms such as AdMob , for which Google paid $ 750m in 2010 , are hot .
But the sector is now prominent enough to attract scrutiny .
Lookout , a mobile - security company , has analysed Google Play , Google 's app shop , and identifed ten ad providers that use one or more monetisation strategies it considers " aggressive . "
They then split the apps into different genres to show which type are most likely to bug you with digital ads . These include making ads appear outside apps
( for instance , in the notification bar usually reserved for a person 's text messages ) ;
altering mobile desktops and browsers so that , among other things , new icons appear that display ads when they are clicked on ;
and gaining access to personal information without giving a clear warning .
However mean your life is , meet it and live it ;
do not shun it and call it hard names .
It is not so bad as you are .
It looks poorest when you are richest .
The fault-finder will find faults even in paradise .
Love your life , poor as it is .
You may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hours , even in a poorhouse .
The setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man 's abode ;
the snow melts before its door as early in the spring .
I do not see but a quiet mind may live as contentedly there , and have as cheering thoughts , as in a palace .
The town 's poor seem to me often to live the most independent lives of any .
Maybe they are simply great enough to receive without misgiving .
Most think that they are above being supported by the town ;
but it often happens that they are not above supporting themselves by dishonest means , which should be more disreputable .
Cultivate poverty like a garden herb , like sage .
Do not trouble yourself much to get new things , whether clothes or friends .
Turn the old ; return to them .
Things do not change ; we change .
Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts .
Recognize your need for forgiveness
God is love . God loves his creation and God loves you .
But God is a holy God , and a holy God will not allow those with unforgiven sin to share his eternal kingdom with him .
God wants to forgive you , but before God can forgive you , you must recognize your need to be forgiven .
God is not impressed with those who say they have not sinned because God has already proclaimed , " all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God . "
You must agree with God that you need forgiveness by confessing and asking for forgiveness .
Don't Stumble over the Son , Accept him As much as it offends some , God has placed all the forgiveness he has for the entire human race in his unique Son Jesus .
You will find your forgiveness in Jesus .
He who has the son , has life , he who does not have the son does not have life .
You must come to God through Jesus to receive your forgiveness .
As God said through the Apostle Paul " Therefore , my brothers , I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you . "
How do you accept the son ?
If you confess with your mouth , " Jesus is Lord " , and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead , you will be saved .
For it is with your heart that you believe and are justified , and it is with your mouth that you confess and are saved .
Return for Forgiveness We should all try to live a life pleasing to God , where we don't continue to sin .
But sometimes we fall short .
If that happens don't become too prideful to return to God for forgiveness .
And don't pretend it didn't happen , or that you don't need forgiveness .
God has said : If we confess our sins , he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness .
Have faith , and return to God for forgiveness .
Forgive others Just as God has forgiven us , God wants us to forgive others .
If you forgive men when they sin against you , your heavenly Father will also forgive you .
That forgiveness starts in the heart , and is made visible when it is accepted by the person you have forgiven .
The forgiven person might not accept your forgiveness , and so you may need to act as wisdom dictates , but your forgiveness should still rest settled in your heart .
If you have recognized you need for forgiveness , accepted Jesus , left no wrong doing unconfessed , and forgiven others you can rest assured God has forgiven you .
Song of The Trees :
We may never be able to speak with trees , but we can at least listen to their stories thanks to this hacked record player than can translate tree rings into music .
The player called Years created by Bartholomus Traubeck , uses the rings from a very thin cross section of a tree 's bark as a music sheet from nature .
Tree rings are most commonly used for dendrochronology or the method of dating trees .
But when you feed the hacked player a slice of the bark that 's as thin as a record , it translates the rings into haunting piano music instead .
The needle found on typical players is replaced by the PlayStation Eye , which serves as a webcam that reads the rings .
The thickness , strength , and growth rate of the tree where the slice of bark came from are then analyzed .
The final piece is generated when the results from the analysis are combined with data about the wood 's texture and color , giving us an overall view of the tree in an eerie , poignant ditty .
My father began teaching business classes at the local prison through a community college .
On his first night of class , he started a chapter on banking .
During the course of his lecture , the subject of ATMs came up , and he mentioned that , on average , most machines contain only about $ 1,500 at a given time .
Just then a man in the back raised his hand . " I 'm not trying to be disrespectful " , he told my father , " but the machine I robbed had about $ 5,000 in it " .
Former Harrow School art teacher Joanne Salley learned a hard lesson last year when revealing photos of her taken by a colleague went viral on the internet .
Here , in an exclusive interview , she talks for the first time about what really happened .
It is surely the fantasy of any bored schoolboy to have a beautiful schoolmistress upon whom to harbour a crush .
For the pupils of a famous centuries-old North London boys ' public school , that dream recently became reality .
When she first arrived at Harrow School to take up her teaching role in the art department , Joanne Salley  a former Miss Northern Ireland  found herself the object of innocent schoolboy infatuations .
Joanne Salley has given her first exclusive interview since topless pictures of her were circulated at the all - boys public school where she used to work .
The Harrow School art teacher was devastated when she received a call saying the photographs were being circulated among the boys .
But last year the fantasy turned sour when the teacher became an unwitting internet sensation as revealing photographs of her spiralled out from the school and across the worldwide web .
Joanne , 33 , is vibrant and bubbly , with a gentle Northern Irish lilt to her speech , and a warm and trusting manner .
As she clacks into the Knightsbridge caf she 's suggested we meet in for coffee ( she 's staying at a friend 's flat nearby ) she is wrapped in a cream cashmere sweater and wheeling a suitcase behind her  in a few hours ' time she will fly to her friend Lisa B 's ' wild ' themed 40th birthday party in Ibiza .
With her friendly personality , abundant honey-coloured hair and long , slim legs it 's clear to see how Miss Salley would have won legions of teen admirers at the school .
Only last year life had seemed perfect .
Joanne was living in a flat with half an acre of garden at the end of a pretty private lane on the school premises .
Classes were just a ten-minute walk away , and in her private time she could walk through the wood to play golf .
But just when she felt she couldn't be happier , her whole world fell apart .
It was late spring and Joanne was invigilating a GCSE art exam .
" The boys were all quietly working at their tables . I felt so proud knowing they would do really well in their exam " .
At that moment , she received a phone call from a colleague in the school medical centre . She asked if Joanne was sitting down .
" There are nude photographs of you circulating the school " , the woman said .
Joanne laughed , and told her not to be silly  that the boys must have Photoshopped her face on to someone else 's body .
Then suddenly she remembered  " and it felt like a ton of bricks falling on my head . "
Joanne said she felt close to suicide once the pictures had been published in national newspapers .
Two months earlier , the head of photography had persuaded Joanne to pose for some photos . " She was a friend of mine , a good person , I loved her very much . "
Joanne had modelled since the age of 19 and had posed for her on two previous occasions ; once for her website and once for her portfolio .
Lately , she had been asking if she could take more pictures . " I was quite busy and kept putting it off .
Then , in February , she asked again if I was free that weekend . And I was " .
" We liked to choose the clothes I'd wear for shoots together , so we went through my wardrobe . It was fun , dressing up  and I love having my photo taken . "
That day , her colleague took around 200 photographs of Joanne in various outfits out in her garden .
 It was all just a bit of fun " , says Joanne .
Shortly before they finished the shoot , the women moved indoors and Joanne posed for half a dozen more shots wearing jeans and a white T-shirt .
And then she suggested , " Why don't we do this or why don't we do that , " and out of all the shots indoors there were just two which could be described as revealing .
" I had taken the white T-shirt off . I immediately regretted them after they 'd been taken .
I 'm really self-conscious and don't even go topless on the beach . "
Joanne believed the images would never be made public , but two months later , those photos  which had been ' stolen ' from a memory stick apparently left in the school 's photography room  began to circulate via email and text message .
It took only a couple of days for the public schools of England to be agog with it .
Shortly afterwards , the rest of Britain would be able to view the pictures of the pretty schoolmistress ; Joanne posing provocatively in a pair of tight jeans with one breast exposed as she stares moodily into the camera ;
Joanne arching her back in a chair ;
Joanne leaning against a bookcase crammed with history of art books , her long tousled hair hanging down to the small of her tanned back .
How she would regret agreeing to pose for those photos .
Joanne said she agreed to appear in the shoot because a female friend asked her to but was horrified when a memory stick containing them was stolen .
Joanne Salley is living proof that bad things happen to good people .
She was born at home on the farm in County Tyrone where she grew up with her older sister Nicola , surrounded by animals and wide open countryside .
It was a secure and idyllic childhood , with Joanne and Nicola doing their homework while their mother cooked , and afterwards running out across the fields , climbing trees and collecting ladybirds in matchboxes .
Later , as teenagers , when her friends were discovering boyfriends and drinking , Joanne was busy practising her ballet , while teaching at Sunday school and working with children with Down's syndrome .
Of her many interests , art was her main passion , and despite winning places at all the good art schools in England , she chose to go to the University of Ulster where she studied to be a silversmith :
" At that point , I wanted to stay close to home . "
After living in the countryside , even going to Belfast was a big expedition  we would only go once or twice a year .
After completing the course , Joanne went to Cambridge to do a year 's training to be a teacher of art .
She was very sporty ( she rowed , ran , played everything ) so her professor suggested that she apply for a job at Harrow School .
Joanne was signed off sick from work for six months following the scandal but returned to the school to complete the year .
She later resigned from her position and now wants to pursue a career in TV .
Since leaving Harrow Joanne has returned to her modelling career and fronted a lingerie campaign for an Irish department store .
" I went along to the interview and I fell in love with the place .
I had the most amazing day .
I remember getting back late and there was a message waiting for me from the headmaster saying that he would be delighted to offer me the post .
I screamed with delight  I was so excited " .
For Joanne , Harrow was a dream .
She loved the heritage of the school and the ancient buildings , although the job wasn't easy to start with .
" I had been Miss Northern Ireland two years prior to taking up the position , and everyone knew . I had to work twice as hard to shake off that label . "
She taught art , rowing , cross-country running , took Duke of Edinburgh 's Award trips abroad , taught cookery skills and was a boarding house tutor .
She describes the pupils of the  30,000 - a- year school as " absolute gentlemen " , so well-mannered , so engaged , so well brought up ;
" I couldn't have been asked to teach a better group of boys " .
" But I was one of only eight female teachers among 90 male staff , many of whom had been there a long time .
It was tough " .
A few months after starting at Harrow , Joanne met the England rugby star Matt Dawson in a London nightclub and they started going out .
The following year , 2003 , Matt was in the team that won the World Cup and the couple was thrust into the celebrity spotlight , meeting lots of famous people and posing for Hello ! together .
Despite being offered opportunities to work in television , Joanne continued teaching but eventually , in 2005 , decided to call it a day :
" I had a sinking feeling as I handed in my notice .
The school was my home .
Teaching there was more than just a job  the boys had become like my little brothers or sons .
Joanne moved into Matt 's Georgian townhouse in Chiswick which they began to do up together .
But in 2006 she went back to Harrow to cover for another member of staff who needed time off to deal with a family matter .
" I had a lot of respect for this colleague and I wanted to do everything I could to help " , she says .
Around this time , her relationship with Matt Dawson ended , and Joanne went travelling across Southeast Asia .
She returned to a job with another private school , Merchant Taylors , and started dating a boyfriend who worked at another school nearby .
Joanne is now co-hosting the cultural magazine show Out Of The Blue for BBC 2 in Northern Ireland
" We were normal people leading a normal life  doing ordinary things like cycling at the weekend " .
But after a year , in 2010 , she returned to Harrow , and felt it was something of a homecoming :
" I missed the sense of family I had there and I wanted to go back " .
Little did she know that just a few months later , after receiving that phone call , she would be weeping hysterically in the art store-room .
" It felt like it was happening to someone else , " she explains of that time . " The whole thing was surreal .
I had been so convinced there was no way those photographs would ever see the light of day " .
Busy preparing her pupils for their GCSEs , she had hardly seen her colleague since the day of the shoot , and hadn't even been shown any of the pictures taken that day .
" I couldn't believe that that particular shot would be seen .
I was mortified , devastated .
I needed to get out of the classroom  the boys were working so hard I reckoned they wouldn't miss me . I just ran out " .
She was taken to the medical centre where she sat on the floor rocking backwards and forwards and was given Valium to calm her  I 'd completely lost it " .
It turned out that a concerned pupil had gone to the medical centre the night before worried about the photos that were doing the rounds of the 13 - to 18-year-olds in the school .
Joanne with ex-boyfriends , from left , former England polo captain Henry Brett in 2011 and right , rugby star Matt Dawson in 2007 .
The memory stick had been found where it had been left in the photography lab .
" When I had the strength to look at the pictures , I recognised them immediately as the photographs that I had assumed had been deleted , that no longer existed .
Joanne 's normally bright and sunny face darkens when she recalls the episode .
" I never wanted the boys to see me in that way . I thought my world had ended " .
For a time Joanne felt close to suicide and was kept in the medical centre for a week .
But things got worse . She learned that the photographs were circulating around Merchant Taylors .
And shortly afterwards , the headmaster warned her that the papers had got wind of the story .
" Even though my family knew that it was completely out of character for me to pose like that , they were devastated and upset " .
Not long after the story appeared in the press , the actual images were printed in certain papers with modesty boxes placed over her private parts .
" I felt like a knife was sticking into me , and being turned " .
Things couldn't have got much worse .
But what started off as a public-school craze soon went viral globally .
When Joanne checked her Facebook pages , she found unpleasant messages from all across Europe , and even as far afield as Brazil and Venezuela .
" For two weeks I couldn't bear to leave my flat . I couldn't face going anywhere , couldn't see anybody , couldn't go for a walk , couldn't answer the phone , I couldn't even read text messages " , she says .
She became so depressed that she could barely get out of bed .
It's hardly Harrow !
The story about Joanne Salley at the time of the incident The doctor signed her off work for six months .
But then " an overriding sense of loyalty kicked in " and she decided to go back and teach until the end of term .
" There were exams to be marked and the huge speech - day art show to be put up .
I couldn't miss showcasing my students ' work just because of what had happened to me " .
Stepping back into the classroom was hard :
" I wanted to be invisible " .
But the boys , she says , were " amazing and so respectful ;
they know that I don't stand for any nonsense . "
After completing the term , she fled to Mongolia for the summer and lived in a yurt by the river on the steppe , riding alone every day .
Although she returned to Harrow last September , " I felt I was half the person I had been ; this awful thing that had happened to me was never going to go away " .
Occasionally , the story would resurface in the papers .
" I wanted to be known for the other things I have done in my life  not just for that " .
She finally handed in her resignation and left Harrow at Christmas .
By that time she was seeing dashing former England polo captain Henry Brett , whom she 'd met through her love of the sport ( she 'd practised with the Harrow polo team . )
He immediately asked her to move into his Cotswolds home .
Together for several months , the couple broke up shortly before this interview .
One year on , the photo scandal is still fresh in Joanne 's mind :
" I meet people and the penny will drop as they realise who I am .
It 's like having a cloud over my head , or like carrying a rucksack loaded with rocks : sometimes the burden is almost too heavy to lift " .
Joanne has never spoken before about what happened to her , and has clearly found it difficult .
" I 'd rather people knew me for having raised 50,000 for charity , or cycled from coast to coast in Mexico , London to Barcelona , climbed Kilimanjaro , and the Three Peaks , run five marathons ; I want people to know about the good things I've done , not one five-minute slice of my life that I will regret for ever " .
Joanne hasn't seen or spoken to the photography mistress since the scandal broke .
She looks sad when I mention her name .
" Did she ever get in touch ? "
" No . There are some things in my life I don't talk about ;
this is a drawer that I decided subconsciously to shut a long time ago  it's not easy " , is all Joanne will say .
But for Joanne , new opportunities are opening . She is hoping to have a crack at television presenting .
While the reigning Miss Northern Ireland she presented The Big Breakfast with Johnny Vaughan and loved the experience .
" I have lived a life of labels  I was Miss Northern Ireland , then I was Matt Dawson 's girlfriend and now I 'm this topless teacher  I 've never simply been Joanne Salley , and that would mean the world to me " .
And with that she clacks off , pulling her suitcase behind her :
she was an extremely beautiful girl , inside and out , who one can't help but feel incredibly sorry for .
Even if she is the living embodiment of every schoolboy 's fantasy .
Lehman 's administrators face several more years of hard work .
AS THE second anniversary of Lehman Brothers ' bankruptcy approaches , economists continue to debate whether the bank could or should have been saved .
Its creditors and former clients are focused on the more practical question of what can be salvaged from the wreckage .
With over $ 600 billion of assets , Lehman was America 's largest and most complex corporate failure .
Since then , Alvarez &amp; Marsal ( A&amp;M , ) a restructuring firm , has been winding down Lehman 's holding company , untangling derivatives contracts and assessing more than 65,000 claims from clients , counterparties and other creditors .
It has 200 people working on the derivatives book alone .
PricewaterhouseCoopers ( PWC ) is leading a similar effort at Lehman 's main European arm .
One of the biggest tasks is to weed out the weakest claims , some of which are " very aggressive , " says Bryan Marsal , co-head of A&amp;M and chief executive of Lehman Brothers Holdings .
Its plan envisages approval of $ 260billion of claims , a mere quarter of the total filed .
Adding to the confusion , the 20 or so Lehman entities around the world have put in vast claims against each other .
A big slice of this is " guarantee claims , " or debts that affiliates argue the holding company had backstopped ( see chart . )
Lehman units are also chasing third parties .
The holding company is seeking up to $ 11billion to compensate for the windfall allegedly made by Barclays when it snapped up Lehman 's American operations just after it went bust .
A suit against JP Morgan Chase , over collateral calls the bank made on Lehman in the weeks before its demise , is due to go to trial in 2012 .
Not that the courts always clarify matters .
Lawyers are still trying to understand a British appeals - court ruling of August 2nd concerning client money that has been trapped in Lehman 's London subsidiary since the collapse because it was not fenced off from the firm 's own assets .
Administrators have been doing what they can to speed up payouts .
An innovative claim-resolution framework proposed by PWC in Europe has won backing from most eligible creditors .
The American administrators are taking a third way between a claim-by-claim approach ( thorough but laborious ) and treating all creditors alike ( quicker but unfair to some . )
Some creditors have objected to the plan and others are unhappy that A&amp;M is ploughing some of the funds it recovers back into Lehman 's commercial-property and other holdings in the hope of boosting returns .
" Two years ago , with markets dislocated , almost everyone agreed that selling should be a last resort .
Now there is a livelier debate about whether to sell , hold or double down " , says one lawyer .
Another adviser describes the process as the financial equivalent of stabilising Iraq .
A&amp;M expects to settle 80% of the holding-company claims over the next three years , but the rest could take much longer .
Some claims related to the collapse of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International in 1991 remain unresolved .
Ultimately , Lehman creditors can expect to retrieve as little as 15 cents on the dollar .
Some fear that lawyers and other professionals are milking their misery .
Their fees could reach $ 1.5billion , double the take in the Enron case .
The professionals say that creditors should not look at absolute numbers .
As of March , administrators ' costs for Lehman's London arm amounted to 0.65% of assets recovered . That sounds more palatable than $ 315m .
Picture of an Angel Golden sunlight danced in the treetops , and children 's laughter filled the park .
The smell of popcorn played on the breeze , and life seemed good .
It was one of the happiest Saturday mornings I had spent with my little daughter , Gigi .
That is , until two strangers threw her into their car and sped away .
It seemed like a bad dream . I could barely whisper when the police questioned me .
For hours we waited , but there was no word on the whereabouts of the car .
Tears would start to come . Then nothing . I was numb with fear .
" Go home , Ma'am " , the sergeant said .
" I 'll have an officer drive you .
We 'll also want to monitor your telephone . The kidnappers might call , and we 'll want to get a trace .
Trust me , these guys can't get far " .
After what had just happened , it was hard for me to trust anything .
My friend Gloria came over that afternoon .
" I heard about Gigi on the radio " , she said .
" Everyone is looking for the car . The interstates are all blocked " .
She took my hand .
" Look here " , Gloria said . " I want you have this picture , and I want you to pray with me " .
It was a picture of a little girl sound asleep in her bed .
Standing by the bed was a tall , blond angel .
His hand was touching the girl 's shoulder as he smiled down at her .
My nerves were frazzled .
" You know I don't believe in that kind of thing " !
I snapped .
" I 'm too exhausted for any hocus-pocus right now , Gloria !
I want my daughter home " !
I started to shake , and then I began sobbing .
Gloria placed the photo on our mantle and knelt down beside me .
" Just pray with me " , she said , holding my hand .
I had no strength left , so we prayed and waited what seemed an eternity .
Together , we waited by the phone until sundown .
The phone never rang .
Suddenly , the front door swung open .
I looked up and screamed .
There stood Gigi .
" Gigi !
Thank God " !
I cried , throwing my arms around her .
" Where did those men take you ?
How did you get home ?
Did the police find you " ?
" No Mommy " !
said Gigi .
" I was real scared because those men said they were taking me far away .
We were going real fast on an old rock road I 'd never seen before .
But then a tall man walked out in front of the car , and they ran off the road and hit a tree .
Then the tall man ran up and opened the car door and pulled me out .
He was real nice , and said I would be okay now , and that those men couldn't hurt me .
I must have gone to sleep , because then I woke up here in front of our house .
He must have brought me home " .
" But who  how did he know  where to bring you " ?
My voice broke and trailed to a whisper .
" I don't know , Mommy " , Gigi said .
" But he was real friendly , and I wasn't scared of him at all " .
Just then Gigi noticed Gloria 's picture on the mantle .
" That 's him " !
She squealed , pointing at the picture .
" Mommy , the tall blond man dressed like an angel .
That 's the man that pulled me out of the car " !
I felt chill - bumps across my neck and arms .
Gloria turned pale .
" Are you sure that 's the man " ?
" Yeah , that 's him okay .
Except he didn't have wings , and he was wearing blue jeans and a tee shirt .
But that 's him exactly . I 'd remember him anywhere " !
Later that night , the police found the injured kidnappers in their wrecked car fifty miles from our home .
When questioned , the driver remembered swerving to avoid hitting a tall blond man .
The backseat door that Gigi sat by had been completely torn off its hinges .
Twenty years have gone by .
We have never heard from anyone claiming to have rescued Gigi .
There have been no logical explanations for Gigi 's miraculous escape and return home from a wreck so far away .
There have always been things that people can't explain .
But , from that day forward , I 've never doubted that many of those things are divine miracles .
I believe that all experiences , positive and negative , are given to us for our strengthening and learning .
Gigi now takes her little girl to the park on Saturdays .
They enjoy the sunlight as it dances in the treetops , the smell of popcorn , and the laughter of children .
She keeps Gloria 's picture on her mantle , and she remembers her angelic friend .
And , like my daughter , I have a faith that has carried me through many trials since that day many years ago .
Integrated pest management ( IPM ) basically involves the selection and use of several methods to reduce , rather than eliminate , a pest population with expected ecological , economic , and sociological costs and benefits .
For ticks , this may involve the use of landscape practices to reduce tick and host animal habitat adjacent to the home ,
management or treatment of host animals , targeted applications of least-toxic pesticides to high-risk tick habitat 
all in conjunction with tick checks and other personal protective measures to either reduce the number of infected ticks and number of tick bites .
The ultimate goal , of course , is to reduce the number of human cases of disease as much as possible with the resources available .
A decision has to be made on how much one is willing to spend and what ecological impact one is willing to tolerate to reduce the risk of a tick-borne illness .
An integrated management approach does not necessarily preclude the use of pesticides , for example , but seeks to use chemicals effectively and responsibly in order to minimize and reduce exposure and use .
While there is a lot of variation in tick numbers between homes , larger properties are more likely to harbor ticks because they are more likely to have woodlots .
The blacklegged tick is found mainly in densely wooded areas ( 67% of total sampled ) and ecotone ( 22% ) which is unmaintained transitional edge habitat between woodlands and open areas .
Fewer ticks are found in ornamental vegetation ( 9% ) and lawn ( 2% )
Within the lawn , most of the ticks ( 82% ) are located within 3 yards of the lawn perimeter particularly along woodlands , stonewalls , or ornamental plantings .
Tick abundance in manicured lawns is also influenced by the amount of canopy vegetation and shade .
Groundcover vegetation can harbor ticks .
Woodland paths also may have a high number of ticks , especially adults , along the adjacent grass and bushes .
The lawn perimeter , brushy areas and groundcover vegetation , and most importantly , the woods , form the high-risk tick zone .
The idea for residential tick management is to create a tick managed area around your home that encompasses the portions of the yard that your family uses most frequently .
This includes walkways , areas used for recreation , play , eating or entertainment , the mailbox , storage areas and gardens .
Table 3 .
Tick management strategies for the control of Ixodes scapularis .
Personal Protection Tick-bite prevention , tick checks , and tick removal .
Landscape Management Vegetative modifications to render the environment less suitable for tick survival and for tick hosts .
Management of Host Abundance Exclusion of hosts by fencing , host reduction , and host reduction by management of the host habitat .
Host-targeted Acaricides Treatment of white-footed mice , chipmunks or deer through passive topical application devices .
Area Application Acaricides Spraying chemical insecticides to control ticks Biological &amp; Natural Control Use of fungal pathogens and plant extracts as biopesticides to control ticks .
Some actions to consider in an integrated management approach include : 
Keep grass mowed .
Remove leaf litter , brush and weeds at the edge of the lawn .
Restrict the use of groundcover , such as pachysandra in areas frequented by family and roaming pets .
Remove brush and leaves around stonewalls and wood piles .
Discourage rodent activity .
Cleanup and seal stonewalls and small openings around the home .
Manage pet activity , keep dogs and cats out of the woods to reduce ticks brought back into the home .
Move children 's swing sets and sand boxes away from the woodland edge and place them on a wood chip or mulch type foundation . 
Trim tree branches and shrubs around the lawn edge to let in more sunlight . 
Adopt hardscape and xeriscape ( dryer or less water demanding ) landscaping techniques with gravel pathways and mulches .
Create a 3-foot or wider wood chip , mulch , or gravel border between lawn and woods or stonewalls .
Consider areas with decking , tile , gravel and border or container plantings in areas by the house or frequently traveled .
Consider a least-toxic pesticide application as a targeted barrier treatment .
In a perfect world , dreams would always depict our lives at their very best .
We 'd be wildly rich and successful , have magic powers , and sleep with the hottest people anytime we wanted .
Instead , we often dream of nudity in public , paralysis in the face of danger , and having sex with people we don't even look twice at in real life .
The latter is especially disconcerting , since it makes us wonder if there 's actual desire lurking somewhere in our unconscious minds .
( Thanks a lot , Freud ) .
And then we feel flustered and slightly shamed when we encounter the subjects of our erotic dreams in real life , as if they know of their leading-role status in our nighttime fantasies .
But if we 're so disgusted by the idea of having sex dreams about these people , to the extent that we 're uncomfortable in our waking hours , it begs the question :
why do we have sex dreams about people we 'd never door want to dothe deed with ?
Hidden desire 's just one possibility .
Theories abound as to why certain people , places , and things appear in our dreams .
Freud believed that dreams are forms of wish fulfillment
in other words , indicative of our repressed desires .
Jung focused more on the collective unconscious , maintaining that our dreams draw from shared archetypes and symbols .
Psychologist and psychiatrist Fritz Perls saw dreams and everything within them as extensions of the self .
Since dream analysis can vary significantly based on which school of thought you follow , sex dreams are often interpreted differently .
Some believe they really are about desire for that particular person .
In The Sex of Your Dreams : Erotic Dreams and Their Hidden Meanings , author Carol L . Cummings states that erotic dreams " tend to be , as Freud says , based on wish fulfillment " .
She believes that they 're healthy ways to release sexual energy that we can't act on in real life because doing so would be inappropriate for one reason or another ( hence the need for repression . )
But others , like Gillian Holloway , PhD , think that there are a few factors besides unconscious desire that inspire sex dreams .
In The Complete Dream Book , she offers three potential reasons ( other than repressed sexual feelings ) why we have dreams about people we find unattractive .
The first is that the person we dream about could represent characteristics we 're trying to develop in our own personalities .
For example , say you have a sleep rendezvous with Jim from Accounting , a guy you find hilarious in real life but definitely not attractive .
It's possible you 're envious of his sharp sense of humor .
Holloway writes .
The last reason she offers is that you 're entering into another kind of partnership with your dream subject , such as a business affiliation .
Connections of all kinds , even the nonsexual ones , can be symbolized through sexual relationships in the dream world .
In her book , Holloway also goes into sex dreams about relatives , and the possible reasons behind them .
While you might worry it has something to do with Freud 's wish fulfillment theory , what 's likelier is one of two things :
either you 're involved with someone who reminds you of your relative in some way , or you might be having emotional-boundary issues with that relative .
I have a ( sex ) dream and so does everyone else .
It might not make that next-day encounter with your sleep-sex partner any less awkward , but there's some comfort in knowing that these dreams aren't always about sex .
They might be about some intangible quality you wish you had , or about a connection that's strictly emotional or professional .
They could represent aspects of ourselves that we 've been ignoring or neglecting .
Or they might just stem from the fact that we haven't had sex in a while and our libidos are giving us a nighttime reminder .
The Lottery Ticket
by Anton Pavlovich Chekhov
IVAN DMITRITCH , a middle-class man who lived with his family on an income of twelve hundred a year and was very well satisfied with his lot , sat down on the sofa after supper and began reading the newspaper .
" I forgot to look at the newspaper today " , his wife said to him as she cleared the table . " Look and see whether the list of drawings is there " .
" Yes , it is " , said Ivan Dmitritch ; " but hasn't your ticket lapsed " ?
" No ; I took the interest on Tuesday " .
" What is the number " ?
" Series 9,499 , number 26 " .
" All right ... we will look ... 9,499 and 26 " .
Ivan Dmitritch had no faith in lottery luck , and would not , as a rule , have consented to look at the lists of winning numbers , but now , as he had nothing else to do and as the newspaper was before his eyes , he passed his finger downwards along the column of numbers .
And immediately , as though in mockery of his scepticism , no further than the second line from the top , his eye was caught by the figure 9,499 !
Unable to believe his eyes , he hurriedly dropped the paper on his knees without looking to see the number of the ticket , and , just as though some one had given him a douche of cold water , he felt an agreeable chill in the pit of the stomach ; tingling and terrible and sweet !
" Masha , 9,499 is there " !
he said in a hollow voice .
His wife looked at his astonished and panicstricken face , and realized that he was not joking .
" 9,499 " ?
she asked , turning pale and dropping the folded tablecloth on the table .
" Yes , yes ... it really is there " !
" And the number of the ticket " ?
" Oh yes ! There 's the number of the ticket too .
But stay ... wait !
No , I say !
Anyway , the number of our series is there !
Anyway , you understand " .. Looking at his wife , Ivan Dmitritch gave a broad , senseless smile , like a baby when a bright object is shown it .
His wife smiled too ;
it was as pleasant to her as to him that he only mentioned the series , and did not try to find out the number of the winning ticket .
To torment and tantalize oneself with hopes of possible fortune is so sweet , so thrilling !
" It is our series " , said Ivan Dmitritch , after a long silence .
" So there is a probability that we have won .
It 's only a probability , but there it is " !
" Well , now look " !
" Wait a little .
We have plenty of time to be disappointed .
It 's on the second line from the top , so the prize is seventy-five thousand .
That 's not money , but power , capital !
And in a minute I shall look at the list , and there 26 ! Eh ? I say , what if we really have won " ?
The husband and wife began laughing and staring at one another in silence .
The possibility of winning bewildered them ;
they could not have said , could not have dreamed , what they both needed that seventy-five thousand for , what they would buy , where they would go .
They thought only of the figures 9,499 and 75,000 and pictured them in their imagination , while somehow they could not think of the happiness itself which was so possible .
Ivan Dmitritch , holding the paper in his hand , walked several times from corner to corner , and only when he had recovered from the first impression began dreaming a little .
" And if we have won " , he said " why , it will be a new life , it will be a transformation !
The ticket is yours , but if it were mine I should , first of all , of course , spend twenty-five thousand on real property in the shape of an estate ; ten thousand on immediate expenses , new furnishing ... travelling ... paying debts , and so on ....
The other forty thousand I would put in the bank and get interest on it " .
" Yes , an estate , that would be nice " , said his wife , sitting down and dropping her hands in her lap .
" Somewhere in the Tula or Oryol provinces ...
In the first place we shouldn't need a summer villa , and besides , it would always bring in an income " .
And pictures came crowding on his imagination , each more gracious and poetical than the last .
And in all these pictures he saw himself well-fed , serene , healthy , felt warm , even hot !
His little boy and girl are crawling about near him , digging in the sand or catching ladybirds in the grass .
He dozes sweetly , thinking of nothing , and feeling all over that he need not go to the office today , tomorrow , or the day after .
Or , tired of lying still , he goes to the hayfield , or to the forest for mushrooms , or watches the peasants catching fish with a net .
When the sun sets he takes a towel and soap and saunters to the bathing shed , where he undresses at his leisure , slowly rubs his bare chest with his hands , and goes into the water .
And in the water , near the opaque soapy circles , little fish flit to and fro and green water-weeds nod their heads .
After bathing there is tea with cream and milk rolls ...
In the evening a walk or vint with the neighbors .
" Yes , it would be nice to buy an estate " , said his wife , also dreaming , and from her face it was evident that she was enchanted by her thoughts .
Ivan Dmitritch pictured to himself autumn with its rains , its cold evenings , and its St. Martin's summer .
At that season he would have to take longer walks about the garden and beside the river , so as to get thoroughly chilled , and then drink a big glass of vodka and eat a salted mushroom or a soused cucumber , and then -- drink another ...
The children would come running from the kitchen-garden , bringing a carrot and a radish smelling of fresh earth ...
And then , he would lie stretched full length on the sofa , and in leisurely fashion turn over the pages of some illustrated magazine , or , covering his face with it and unbuttoning his waistcoat , give himself up to slumber .
The St. Martin's summer is followed by cloudy , gloomy weather .
It rains day and night , the bare trees weep , the wind is damp and cold .
The dogs , the horses , the fowls -- all are wet , depressed , downcast .
There is nowhere to walk ;
one can't go out for days together ;
one has to pace up and down the room , looking despondently at the grey window .
It is dreary !
Ivan Dmitritch stopped and looked at his wife .
" I should go abroad , you know , Masha " , he said .
And he began thinking how nice it would be in late autumn to go abroad somewhere to the South of France ... to Italy ... to India !
" I should certainly go abroad too " , his wife said . " But look at the number of the ticket " !
" Wait , wait ! .. "
He walked about the room and went on thinking . It occurred to him :
what if his wife really did go abroad ?
It is pleasant to travel alone , or in the society of light , careless women who live in the present , and not such as think and talk all the journey about nothing but their children , sigh , and tremble with dismay over every farthing .
Ivan Dmitritch imagined his wife in the train with a multitude of parcels , baskets , and bags ;
she would be sighing over something , complaining that the train made her headache , that she had spent so much money ...
At the stations he would continually be having to run for boiling water , bread and butter ...
She wouldn't have dinner because of its being too dear ...
" She would begrudge me every farthing " , he thought , with a glance at his wife .
" The lottery ticket is hers , not mine !
Besides , what is the use of her going abroad ?
What does she want there ?
She would shut herself up in the hotel , and not let me out of her sight ... I know " !
And for the first time in his life his mind dwelt on the fact that his wife had grown elderly and plain , and that she was saturated through and through with the smell of cooking , while he was still young , fresh , and healthy , and might well have got married again .
" Of course , all that is silly nonsense " , he thought ; " but ... why should she go abroad ?
What would she make of it ?
And yet she would go , of course ... I can fancy ... In reality it is all one to her , whether it is Naples or Klin .
She would only be in my way .
I should be dependent upon her .
I can fancy how , like a regular woman , she will lock the money up as soon as she gets it ...
She will look after her relations and grudge me every farthing " .
Ivan Dmitritch thought of her relations .
All those wretched brothers and sisters and aunts and uncles would come crawling about as soon as they heard of the winning ticket , would begin whining like beggars , and fawning upon them with oily , hypocritical smiles .
Wretched , detestable people !
If they were given anything , they would ask for more ;
while if they were refused , they would swear at them , slander them , and wish them every kind of misfortune .
Ivan Dmitritch remembered his own relations , and their faces , at which he had looked impartially in the past , struck him now as repulsive and hateful .
" They are such reptiles " !
he thought .
And his wife 's face , too , struck him as repulsive and hateful .
Anger surged up in his heart against her , and he thought malignantly :
" She knows nothing about money , and so she is stingy .
If she won it she would give me a hundred roubles , and put the rest away under lock and key " .
And he looked at his wife , not with a smile now , but with hatred .
She glanced at him too , and also with hatred and anger .
She had her own daydreams , her own plans , her own reflections ;
she understood perfectly well what her husband 's dreams were .
She knew who would be the first to try to grab her winnings .
" It 's very nice making daydreams at other people 's expense " !
is what her eyes expressed . " No , don't you dare " !
Her husband understood her look ;
hatred began stirring again in his breast , and in order to annoy his wife he glanced quickly , to spite her at the fourth page on the newspaper and read out triumphantly :
" Series 9,499 , number 46 ! Not 26 " !
Hatred and hope both disappeared at once ,
and it began immediately to seem to Ivan Dmitritch and his wife that their rooms were dark and small and low-pitched , that the supper they had been eating was not doing them good , but Lying heavy on their stomachs , that the evenings were long and wearisome ...
" What the devil 's the meaning of it " ?
said Ivan Dmitritch , beginning to be ill-humored .
" Wherever one steps there are bits of paper under one 's feet , crumbs , husks .
The rooms are never swept !
One is simply forced to go out .
Damnation take my soul entirely !
I shall go and hang myself on the first aspen-tree !
India , Middle-Class Nation ?
Even a decade after the onset of liberal , pro-middle-class economic reforms in 1991 , the expansion of the middle classes was negligible in a country where 35% to 42% of population lived below the international poverty line .
Middle-Class Nation ?
However , a study published by the National Council for Applied Economic Research ( NCAER ) in August claims a remarkable rise of the Indian middle class , or households with an annual income of at least $ 4,000 , during the last decade :
Increasing prosperity .
Whereas in 2001-'02 just 13.8 million households had incomes in excess of $ 4,000 per year , by 2009-'10 , the number -- at constant prices -- has risen to 46.7 million , representing a population of about 200 million individuals . 
Decreasing poverty .
During the same period , the proportion of very low income households -- those earning less than $ 1,000 -- has fallen sharply from 65.2 million in 2001-'02 to 41 million by 2009-'10 . 
Definition Issue
The NCAER has used a relatively low income threshold for defining middle-class status , as opposed to the World Bank , which assumes a yearly income of between $ 4,500 and $ 22,000 .
If the World Bank 's definition were applied , the rise in prosperity would appear less dramatic :
The number of middle-class households in India would then seem to have risen from some 10.7 million in 2001-'02 to only 28.4 million in 2009-'10 , in a population of more than 1.2 billion .
In-Between Class
Moreover , a closer examination of the report shows that the economy may be better characterized in relation to households that are neither middle class nor very poor :
The largest proportion of households -- 140.7 million in 2009-'10 -- had incomes between $ 1,000 and $ 4,000 . 
In 2001 , 109.2 million households were already in this category .
However , during the global downturn ( 2007-'09 , ) while the proportion of high-income households continued to rise from 16.8% to 20.5% and low-income households to fall from 21.7% to 17.9% the in-between class remained stagnant at around 62% 
This stagnation is likely to continue because the government has focused on withdrawing its control over business and increasing public support for the poor since 1991 , leaving the in-between class out of its policy purview .
Rising Consumption
Middle-class expansion is economically important for its impact on patterns of consumption , which has the potential to fuel domestic growth and to aid global economic recovery :
Private consumption is becoming an increasingly crucial component of the country 's economy , currently accounting for 60% of GDP ( vs . 39% in China . ) 
In 2009 the demand for typical middle-class consumer goods , such as automobiles , surged by 33% and for other durables by over 40% as low interest rates propelled the expansion of consumer credit .
However , the adoption of a monetary tightening cycle is imminent . 
Future Projections
Extrapolating from the current trends in middle-class consumption -- two-thirds of which takes place in urban areas -- a McKinsey study published in August has estimated that domestic demand could grow by a compound rate of 9.2% a year between 2010-2030 , and that urban populations will rise from 35% to nearly 45% of the population .
However , such estimates rest on several assumptions that could hamper urban consumption and urbanization in the long term :
Sustainability issues .
The economy will have to sustain the current growth rate of about 7% to 9% of GDP each year . 
Surging savings .
A sharp rise in saving rates over the last few years -- currently touching 36% of GDP -- suggests that a higher proportion of income among surplus income-holders is being withdrawn from consumption . 
Land prices .
A direct consequence of urbanization is an escalation of land values and property prices .
As in developed economies , property booms can divert consumption away from commodities toward unproductive , and potentially dangerous , asset bubbles . 
Outlook .
The expansion of the middle class will allow it to shape the growth of household consumption and set the pace for urbanization in the country over the next two decades .
Google Debuts ' Instant ' Search
Because nine seconds is an eternity on the internet , now you can conduct a search in a " Google Instant " .
The iconic search site Wednesday unveiled the new feature on Google.com and to a packed auditorium of tech writers in San Francisco's Museum of Modern Art  no doubt doing vanity searches to see how quickly their names came up .
And they do come up fast .
Google Instant is like the familiar ' suggested search ' type-ahead , but on Javascript steroids :
Typing even a single letter will fill the screen with results based on popular queries that begin with just that character .
For example , starting a search on ' S ' loads yield a top hit of Skype ( Sears and sfgate.com for others . )
As usual , you can see other suggestions below the search query box , and now additionally you see the word Google guessed for you in gray type ahead of what you 've typed so far .
You can then accept that word by tabbing , or you can choose another suggestion by using the up or down .
When you scroll through those , the results load , without you ever having to hit the return key .
" There is a psychic element because we can predict what you are about to search on in real time " , Google vice president Marissa Mayer told the press conference .
The enhancement may comically provide fodder to the crowd which actually believes Google already knows what you think , but Mayer reminded the assembled that the idea of Google being able to guess what you want before you finish typing was so far out 10 years ago that it was the company 's April Fool's joke .
Search remains a core function on the web , and with a 70 percent market share the amount of time people spend searching might actually be a productivity issue  or so Google argues .
It takes about 9 seconds to enter a search into Google , Mayer explained .
With Google Instant , each search could take 2 to 5 seconds less time .
If everyone on the planet used Google Instant for their searches , she said , it would save about 3.5 billion seconds a day , or 11 hours saved every second .
As the FAQ page explains :
" Our key technical insight was that people type slowly , but read quickly , typically taking 300 milliseconds between keystrokes , but only 30 milliseconds ( a tenth of the time ) !
to glance at another part of the page . This means that you can scan a results page while you type " .
Starting Wednesday , users running Chrome , Firefox , Safari and IE8 in the U.S. will begin seeing the new results .
Google is also rolling out the service to users in the United Kingdom , France , Italy , Germany , Spain and Russia so long as they are signed-in .
U.S. users do not need to be signed in .
A version of the streaming results will be available on mobile devices this fall , the company said .
Google also will bring the service to its Chrome browser , where users can search directly from the address bar .
Suggestions will not include words associated with pornography , violence or hate speech , and results can be filtered as previously using Google 's Safe Search settings .
It can also be turned off entirely , but it is is ' on ' by default .
The update is a big change for the search giant , which used to pride itself on how little time it took its lightweight homepage to load .
While the new update adds little in the way of words or clutter , it 's reliance on JavaScript ( which also has to load with the home page ) shows the search giant thinks that there's more to a great search engine than relevant results and initial page load speed .
The company also says that it will automatically turn off the instant search when a user is on a slow connection .
As an engineering feat , it's pretty remarkable .
If a typical query is 20 characters long , Google would have to do 20 searches instead of just one .
Google said it was able to reduce that load significantly using some smart caching and some prioritization of queries .
Chinese Officials Call for Less Friction With U.S.
Top Chinese officials called Tuesday for quiet discussions instead of open friction with the United States , after a summer marked by bilateral disagreements over the value of China 's currency , American military exercises off the Korean Peninsula and American efforts to resolve territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
Two White House officials  Lawrence H. Summers , the director of the National Economic Council , and Thomas E. Donilon , the deputy national security adviser  held meetings in Beijing on Monday and Tuesday that were aimed not at fashioning new pacts , but at maintaining a dialogue that had been strained at times in recent months .
" Strategic trust is the basis of China - U.S. cooperation " , said Dai Bingguo , a Chinese state councilor who met with them , the official Xinhua news agency reported .
Prime Minister Wen Jiabao told the two Americans that China and the United States should not view themselves as rivals , according to the Chinese state news media .
American and Chinese officials have been trying to lay the groundwork for a state visit to the United States this winter by President Hu Jintao , and for the resumption of contacts between the two countries ' militaries .
China suspended military contacts last winter to protest a White House decision to proceed with arms sales to Taiwan .
Beijing officials regard Taiwan as a renegade province .
But Chinese officials were quick to dash any hopes that a thaw in Chinese-American relations would lead to appreciation of China 's currency , the renminbi .
After strengthening on Monday on the hope that the talks in Beijing might produce a breakthrough , the currency 's value retreated in offshore futures trading on Tuesday after Jiang Yu , a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman in Beijing , said , " Our exchange rate reform can't be pressed ahead under external pressure " .
After keeping the renminbi tightly pegged to the dollar for nearly three years , China announced on June 19 that it would allow greater flexibility .
But the renminbi has inched up less than 1 percent since then against the dollar , as China has continued to intervene heavily in currency markets to prevent a more rapid currency appreciation that could hurt the competitiveness of Chinese goods in overseas markets .
You don't have to be a champagne buff to want the best flavor from your bubbly .
So the secret to a perfect glass ?
It's all in the pour , according to a study in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
A key player in champagne's taste is its dissolved carbon dioxide .
As that CO2 bubbles out , it releases aroma , and provides that tingly bite .
As soon as you uncork a bottle , CO2 starts diffusing from the champagne into the air .
But pouring it speeds up that process , by increasing surface area and turbulence .
Chemists  French ones , of course  poured champagne into fluted glasses two ways .
The traditional way , straight down , splashing off the bottomand the beer way , onto the side of a tilted glass .
Then they measured the CO2 lost during the pour .
At 40 degrees Fahrenheit , champagne poured traditionally quickly lost a quarter of its carbon dioxide . But pouring down the side caused only half the gas loss .
Closer to room temperature , the drink became flat fast , whatever way you pour .
So if you want your champagne trs bon , keep it cold .
And pour that bubbly like it's Bud .
My father spent years building his Doomsday Machine .
Three stories tall , it sat in the hall like a dormant volcano , like the promise of Christmas , like a guarantee that keeps your fingers crossed behind your back where no one will see , because hoping that way leaves you vulnerable .
My father , the scientist .
A mad genius .
You could tell by the blood spattered on his safety goggles , his rubber gloves , his sense of poetry .
He never picked up his socks .
We lived under a dome at the bottom of the ocean .
Do you know how much water weighs ?
On all sides of us , endless pressure .
My mother was abducted from the surface in order to love me , but you never acquiesce to demands like that .
My father built me , brick by brick .
Technically , I am the daughter of recombinant DNA .
I am a seahorse , a lion , a darting mouse , a monkey .
I don't know where he got the wings .
But because he built me , he is my father .
Because he built me , I belong entirely to him .
He hates the eggs I cook .
I sweep up the pieces of his plate .
I bandage his knuckles , which is hard with these claws I have .
My mother used to cry in her dark room , sobs that sounded like shattering glass .
I stand at the windows in his lab , and I wish for light , and I wish for air .
But we live at the bottom of the ocean .
I am told that I should want to see the sun somedaywhen the dust settles , and the radiation is gone .
It is a promise .
When he killed my mother , who never thought the Doomsday Machine was a good idea , he said , She never supported my dreams .
He said , We didn't need her , anyway .
When he asked me to pull the lever of the Doomsday Machine , he said , This is all for you .
He wrapped his fingers around mine , and his muscles bunched , and there it was .
The end of the world !
A flash like a fish .
Perfect silence .
He said , We didn't need it , anyway .
China should worry less about America 's " containment " strategy and more about why the neighbours welcome it .
SYMBOLIC gestures come in all shapes and sizes , but few as imposing as that of the USS George Washington ,
a ship more than three football-pitches long , and capable of carrying 85 aircraft and more than 6,200 people .
But even symbols of such massive heft can be interpreted in various ways .
The George Washington has just been in the South China Sea , off the coast of Danang , once home to one of the American army's biggest bases in Vietnam .
Fifteen years after the opening of diplomatic relations , and 35 years since the end of the Vietnam war , the carrier 's visit , and the joint naval exercises that followed , were striking tokens of reconciliation .
But observers in China saw a different sort of gesture : not so much a handshake with a former enemy ; more a brandished fist towards a potential one , their own country .
Vituperative Chinese commentators detected an old bogey :
an American attempt to " contain " China by bolstering alliances with its neighbours .
China 's leaders were more restrained ( or perhaps just slower off the mark . )
But the South China Morning Post reported that Hu Jintao , the president , was in enough of a huff about this and other slights to contemplate delaying a visit to America .
" Sweet-mouthed " American politicians , lamented Global Times , an English-language Chinese newspaper , " stab you in the back when you are not looking " .
Just when the ice that formed after the Sino-American climate-change tiff in Copenhagen in December seemed to have melted , a new chill has set in .
Chinese analysts can point to an impressive array of American " provocations " to justify their fulminations .
They cited reports that America is in talks on nuclear co-operation with Vietnam , and that , in an apparent reversal for its non-proliferation efforts , the Obama administration is not insisting that Vietnam forswear enriching its own uranium .
As with America 's 2008 nuclear deal with India , China scented double standards .
China also faced an unsettling experience in July , at the annual ASEAN Regional Forum organised by the Association of South-East Asian Nations .
This usually soporific security talking-shop , held this year in Hanoi , saw Hillary Clinton , America's secretary of state , declare the South China Sea a " national interest . "
When 12 of the 27 countries there spoke up for a new approach to solving their maritime disputes , China sniffed co-ordination  nay, conspiracy  especially when Vietnam swiftly stepped up its protests about Chinese activities in disputed waters .
Before her jaunt to Vietnam , the George Washington had been taking part in joint exercises with South Korean forces .
Respecting Chinese sensitivities , she did not exercise in the Yellow Sea , just off China 's coast .
But a Pentagon spokesman has said she will do so " in the near future . "
This comes as America 's ties with South Korea have been strengthened and China 's frayed by the destruction of a naval vessel , the Cheonan , in March .
South Korea and America , backed by an international inquiry , have blamed the sinking on a North Korean torpedo .
The North has denied responsibility and China has refused to finger its awkward ally .
As the American navy has roamed China 's neighbourhood , senior officials have fanned out over Asia .
In Indonesia Robert Gates , the defence secretary , upset human-rights activists and delighted the government by resuming links to Kopassus , the army's special forces .
William Burns , undersecretary of state for political affairs , has been to four South-East Asian countries .
It all amounts to what Douglas Paal of the Carnegie Endowment , a Washington think-tank ,
He has called " the most comprehensive burst of diplomatic and military activity in Asia , particularly South-East Asia , in decades " from an American administration .
It is not surprising that many in China see all this as part of a new containment doctrine .
Many in America do , too .
By this analysis , Barack Obama took office committed to good relations with China , and ready to welcome it as a great power in return for China 's accepting the global responsibilities that go with that status .
Then a series of setbacks convinced him to stand up to China with a more muscular strategy .
The " sweet mouths " spout charm just the same ; but containment is now the game .
That is far from how the administration presents it , however .
It argues it is merely reasserting a " national interest " and traditional role in East Asia , a region neglected by an America distracted by terrorism and wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Absent without leave , America helped foster an overblown perception in the region of America's decline and China's ascent .
It is now putting that right .
In Mr Paal 's phrase , America 's recent Asian diplomacy is " not aimed at China , but has implications for China . "
A container has several sides That may be too nuanced a distinction for the Global Times ' leader-writers .
But those implications are indeed worth pondering .
China seems to have digested one already :
that the swagger , bordering on arrogance , with which Chinese officials were throwing their weight around in the region and in the West in the depths of the financial crisis created unnecessary alarm .
These days , courtesy is back in vogue .
Another implication is that rather than simply rail against America , China could do more to prevent its neighbours providing such fertile ground for the " seeds of distrust " it sows .
That would demand greater clarity over China 's real strategic aims , and a willingness to discuss them in multilateral forums .
On the South China Sea , for example , it is hard to know exactly what its claim is based on .
Yet its ships sometimes treat the sea as a Chinese lake ;
its maps show a great lolling tongue of Chinese sovereignty stuck insolently out at the South-East Asian littoral states .
No wonder those countries welcome American aircraft-carriers .
The trouble is , of course , that if China were clearer about its aims , they might welcome them even more .
Work Happy Now Take Back Control of Your Business
Keep a One Sentence Work Journal
You must find a way to do what excites you .
That means understanding what makes you feel engaged , upset and happy .
Gretchen Rubin of the Happiness Project gave me the idea of keeping a one sentence journal .
I think this habit will help you understand more about who you are and what you need to be happy within your business .
I usually write two sentences instead of just one because I like to write about what happened in my day and how I felt about it .
This helps me stay focused and not let the journal get too jumbled .
Here are some of my entries : -
12-3-09 Thursday - I berated myself with negative thoughts because I forgot to send out an email .
I wished I had a cold so I could use it as an excuse not to work .
( This was eyes opening . I couldn't believe I wished illness on myself . 1-15-10 Friday - I spilled tea all over my keyboard , reminding me to laugh at myself . It was at this point that I began to really develop a more positive mindset ) . -
At first I felt stupid , but then I smiled and actually enjoyed the clean up because I made a song out of it .
( When I was finally able to stop taking myself so seriously and laugh at my mistakes that's when my career happiness finally blossomed ) . -
3-16-10 Tuesday - I stared at my apple for 10 seconds to calm myself down after a client emailed me back listing all my supposed faults .
The apple reminded me of a cool Monet painting .
This self calming method helped me regain control of my emotions and realize the value in the email .
( It's amazing how many tools I 've learned to bring back emotional balance when I need it the most ) .
Take a moment to write down your first entry in your 1 sentence journal .
You can write about something that you loved , hated or something that bored you to death .
Whatever it is , you 'll be able to look back and notice what things irked you or lit a fire underneath your butt .
This journal will help you keep things in perspective .
That 's why I suggest only 1 sentence a day .
Make it easy The idea is to make this habit so simple that you want to do it every day .
We resist tasks that feel like work , but feel pulled to work that is easy and fun .
You need to make this daily reflection a chance to uncover your superpowers and leverage them to do more great work .
So at the end of each work day , write down one experience , thought , or feeling that you had .
That's it .
I also like to summarize my week and my month , but that's just because I 'm a bit of an over reflector .
Try this 1 sentence journal for thirty days and see how it works for you .
I do n't think you 'll be able to stop .
If you notice at the end of 30 days that all you do is complain then it's time to drop this silly idea .
Now if you notice that you are happy , more productive , and more in tuned with your emotions then do n't stop .
Keep on watching your thoughts , feelings , and actions so you can use them to improve your amazingness .
Hey , if you are n't learning anything new about yourself then it's time to push yourself outside of your comfort zone and dig a little deeper .
Because the deeper you dig the more you uncover that resistance and happiness and when you know what's working well you can keep doing more of this great stuff .
TripIt says it became the first travel company to integrate its services with Gmail and Google Apps email accounts for individual users .
Using a secure protocol , OAuth , which is an open standard to enable API authorization , users with Gmail and TripIt accounts can log onto TripIt and click an Start Auto Import button to authorize TripIt to import their travel-itinerary confirmations automatically instead of having to email them manually to TripIt .
TripIt 's integration of Gmail and Google Apps is in beta .
It is an opt-in program and users can sever their Trip-It-Gmail tie-in at any time , TripIt says .
" Many TripIt travelers have set up email filters to automatically forward all their travel booking emails , " according to the TripIt Blog .
" That works okay , but setting up the filters you'd need is complicated .
And once you have them set up , important plans still fall through the cracks .
We 've always thought there's got to be a better way " .
A TripIt spokeswoman adds :
" No more forgotten or missed emails .
You can be ' in the air ' now , literally , and we'll pull the confirmations , update your itinerary , and when you land  it's all there on your phone .
We monitor and check your inbox for travel confirms and do the work for you " .
Getting access to travelers ' itineraries has been a sticky issue for itinerary management companies such as TripIt .
The company , founded in 2006 , has struck several deals with the likes , where clients ' booking data can automatically populate travelers ' TripIt itineraries .
Until now , other travelers have had to manually email each confirmation or itinerary change to .
and then to scrape the sites periodically to retrieve travelers ' itineraries .
a TripIt competitor , chose to resolve the issue by getting permission to access travelers ' user names and passwords for airline websites ,
But , for individual TripIt users who use Gmail , the Gmail-TripIt integration , if privacy and security safeguards work , would seemingly resolve the issue of having to manually email each confirmation to TripIt to keep travel itineraries and trip changes up to date .
The TripIt blog says when it accesses Gmail it only imports your travel plans .
And , users can choose to have their confirmations automatically flow into their TripIt itineraries or aggregate them into an Unfiled Items folder in their TripIt account for later sorting .
TripIt plans on soon introducing similar auto-import features for other email services , as well .
choi+shine american firm architects recently received the 2010 boston society of architects award for unbuilt architecture for their project ' the land of giants , ' which they originally designed for the icelandic high voltage electrical pylon competition back in 2008 .
making only minor alterations to well established steel-framed pylondesign , the architects created a series of towers that are powerful , solemnand variable .
these iconic pylon-figures will become monuments in the landscape .
the pylon-figures can be configured to respond to their environment with appropriate gestures .
as the carried electrical lines ascend a hill , the pylon-figures change posture , imitating a climbing person .
over long spans , the pylon-figure stretches to gain increased height , crouches for increased strength or strains under the weight of the wires .
the pylon-figures can also be arranged to create a sense of place through deliberate expression .
subtle alterations in the hands and head combined with repositioning of the main body parts in the x , y and z- axis , allow for a rich variety of expressions .
the pylon-figures can be placed in pairs , walking in the same direction or opposite directions , glancing at each other as they pass by or kneeling respectively , head bowed at a town .
despite the large number of possible forms , each pylon-figure is made from the same major assembled parts
( torso , fore arm , upper leg , hand etc ) .
and uses a library of pre-assembled joints between these parts to create the pylon-figures ' appearance .
this design allows for many variations in form and height while the pylon-figures ' cost is kept low through identical production ,
simple assembly and construction .
A new superbug that is resistant to even the most powerful antibiotics has entered UK hospitals , experts warn .
They say bacteria that make an enzyme called NDM-1 have travelled back with NHS patients who went abroad to countries like India and Pakistan for treatments such as cosmetic surgery .
Although there have only been about 50 cases identified in the UK so far , scientists fear it will go global .
Tight surveillance and new drugs are needed says Lancet Infectious Diseases .
NDM-1 can exist inside different bacteria , like E.coli , and it makes them resistant to one of the most powerful groups of antibiotics .
These are generally reserved for use in emergencies and to combat hard-to-treat infections caused by other multi-resistant bacteria .
And experts fear NDM-1 could now jump to other strains of bacteria that are already resistant to many other antibiotics .
Ultimately , this could produce dangerous infections that would spread rapidly from person to person and be almost impossible to treat .
At least one of the NDM-1 infections the researchers analysed was resistant to all known antibiotics .
Similar infections have been seen in the US , Canada , Australia and the Netherlands and international researchers say that NDM-1 could become a major global health problem .
Infections have already been passed from patient to patient in UK hospitals .
The way to stop NDM-1 , say researchers , is to rapidly identify and isolate any hospital patients who are infected .
Normal infection control measures , such as disinfecting hospital equipment and doctors and nurses washing their hands with antibacterial soap , can stop the spread .
And currently , most of the bacteria carrying NDM-1 have been treatable using a combination of different antibiotics .
But the potential of NDM-1 to become endemic worldwide is " clear and frightening , " say the researchers in The Lancet infectious diseases paper .
The research was carried out by experts at Cardiff University , the Health Protection Agency and international colleagues .
" There have been a number of small clusters within the UK , but far and away the greater number of cases appear to be associated with travel and hospital treatment in the Indian subcontinent . "
Dr David Livermore , one of the researchers and who works for the UK 's Health Protection Agency said :
This type of resistance has become quite widespread there .
" The fear would be that it gets into a strain of bacteria that is very good at being transmitted between patients " .
He said the threat was a serious global public health problem as there are few suitable new antibiotics in development and none that are effective against NDM-1 .
The Department of Health has already put out an alert on the issue , he said .
" We issue these alerts very sparingly when we see new and disturbing resistance " .
Travel history The National Resistance Alert came in 2009 after the HPA noted an increasing number of cases - some fatal - emerging in the UK .
The Lancet study looked back at some of the NDM-1 cases referred to the HPA up to 2009 from hospitals scattered across the UK .
At least 17 of the 37 patients they studied had a history of travelling to India or Pakistan within the past year , and 14 of them had been admitted to a hospital in these countries - many for cosmetic surgery .
For some of the patients the infection was mild , while others were seriously ill , and some with blood poisoning .
" We are working with the HPA on this issue . " A Department of Health spokeswoman said :
Hospitals need to ensure they continue to provide good infection control to prevent any spread , consider whether patients have recently been treated abroad and send samples to HPA for testing .
The HPA is continuing to monitor the situation and we are investigating ways of encouraging the development of new antibiotics with our European colleagues " .
" So far there has only been a small number of cases in UK hospital patients .
The Welsh Assembly Government said it would be " fully considering " the report .
" The NHS in Wales is used to dealing with multi-resistant bacteria using standard microbiological approaches , and would deal with any new bacteria in a similar way " , said a spokesperson .
Eli Lilly lost a patent case on Thursday , clearing the way for lower cost generic competition for its attention deficit disorder drug Strattera .
The drugmaker consequently lowered its outlook for 2010 revenue growth and its shares fell nearly 3 percent .
The U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey ruled Lilly's method-of-use patent for Strattera , which had been set to expire in 2017 , was invalid .
Lilly said it plans to appeal the ruling .
The drugmaker did not change its full-year 2010 earnings outlook ,
but said it now expects revenue growth in the low - to mid - single digits , down from a previous estimate for mid- single digit growth .
Blue whales off the California coast make calls that , sped up 10 times , sound like ( sound of two-part call . )
The original is a wall-rattling frequency too low for us to hear .
Scientists analyzed around 2,500 of those calls , and found that the second part ( sound ) is nearly identical in pitch every time from each whale : 16 hertz , or four octaves below middle C .
And the slight variations in frequency that do exist are only a tenth of the difference between a C and a C sharp .
Those findings appear online in the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America .
The researchers do n't know how many different individual whales they caught singing , or why even they sing at all .
But past studies suggest only blue whale males make calls like this .
So the investigators speculate that males might synchronize to a single common pitch as a sort of mating beacon .
Thanks to the Doppler effect , females swimming towards a male would hear a slightly higher pitch ;
swimming away , a lower-pitched moan .
Serenade out of tune  you might be swimming solo tonight .
Men who take a low dose of aspirin every day could cut their risk of developing prostate cancer by almost 30 percent , research shows .
A 75 mg tablet taken on a daily basis has a powerful protective effect against the disease , according to scientists .
The painkiller appears to work by blocking the effect of enzymes which cause inflammation thought to be a key factor in the development of prostate cancer .
The study , by specialists at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle , is the latest in long line of investigations into whether aspirin can help prevent prostate tumours from forming .
It examined and compared two groups of men  1,001 prostate cancer sufferers and 942 cancerfree volunteers of a similar age .
When the experts looked at how often men in both groups took aspirin , they found higher usage among the cancer-free volunteers .
Men who had used aspirin at any point in the previous 12 months were 21 percent less likely to develop a tumour .
Those who had taken aspirin frequently for five years or more saw a 24 percent decline in risk .
But the biggest benef its appeared to be among those regularly taking a low daily dose of 75 mg . Among this group , the chances of developing prostate cancer dropped by 29 percent .
Other pain-killing medications similar to aspirin , which are known as non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs , did not have the same effect .
Prostate cancer kills 10,000 men each year in the UK  the equivalent of more than one an hour .
Nearly 32,000 cases a year are diagnosed .
The risks increase with age , with men aged over 50 more likely to develop a prostate tumour ,
and there is also a strong genetic link .
The results of previous studies on aspirin and the disease have been mixed .
Some have found that the drug can reduce risk , others that it has no effect at all , while other studies suggest it could even increase the risk .
Reporting on the latest study in the American Journal of Epidemiology , the Seattle researchers said that aspirin appears to dampen the effects of two particular enzymes that stimulate inflammation in the prostate .
They wrote :
' The anti-cancer effects are thought to occur primarily - through the direct inhibition - of enzymes called PTGS1 and PTGS2 ' .
Aspirin is a widely used and inexpensive medication .
The potential public health implications of an effective preventive agent for prostate cancer are considerable ' .
Their findings are likely to be controversial because of ongoing concerns that frequent aspirin use can increase risk of life-threatening stomach bleeding .
Although doctors often recommend a low daily dose to heart disease patients to help thin the blood and reduce the risk of clots , some studies suggest that even taking small amounts can increase the chances of stomach bleeding .
Regular use of aspirin has already been linked to a lower risk of other types of cancers .
A 2007 study at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota found that , as well as prostate cancer , the risk of developing breast , ovarian and lung cancer was slashed by taking aspirin several times a week .
A common skin cancer was 90 percent less likely among regular aspirin users , it found .
Goldman names Esposito invest bank CEO
Goldman Sachs Group Inc . has named Jim Esposito chief operating officer of global investment banking , effective immediately .
He was previously global head of the firm 's investment-grade and public sector financing and infrastructure financing businesses .
Esposito replaces Howard Schiller , current chief operating officer of investment banking , who will be retiring .
Apple has released iOS 4.0.2 for iPhone and iPod touch to plug a security hole in the PDF viewer that allows a specially crafted PDF to run arbitrary code on a device .
Unfortunately for those looking to jailbreak their device , this vulnerability was the driver for the browser-based jailbreak .
( the second iteration is already underway ) .
If you upgrade to iOS 4.0.2 , will no longer work
Upgrade Screen While losing the ability to jailbreak in the browser may be disappointing , losing the ability to have a malicious coder take over your iPhone with a rogue PDF is not a bad tradeoff .
As Iphone usage becomes more prevalent in the enterprise , the onus on Apple increases to ensure that such security lapses are found and fixed quickly .
a more secure iPhone could be a competitive advantage for Apple against Android phones that are starting to see more malware .
Blackberry users barely click on mobile ads .
According to the latest data from mobile advertising optimization platform Smaato , click-through rates for users of Apple 's iOS devices have increased dramatically .
Worldwide , Symbian devices and feature phones still lead the pack with the highest click-through rates , followed by Windows Mobile phones and Apple 's iOS devices .
In the U.S. , click-through rates for feature phone users are low , but it is worth noting that even those users with phones that were not designed for Web surfing are still more likely to click on mobile ads than Palm or Blackberry users .
The reason for this maybe the arrival of more interactive ads on the iOS platform tempted more users to click on ads than before .
On Smaato 's network , which handled about 16 billion ad requests last month , click-through rates for the iOS platform saw strong growth last month .
Of course , besides the different user experiences on these platforms , user demographics also play an important role here as well .
In general , the more highly educated your users are , the less likely they are to click on ads .
They 're identical twins . They 're from Australia .
And they 're trying to teach the world about the fragility of coral reefs , one crochet stitch at a time .
A few years ago , Christine and Margaret Wertheim experimented with using crochet to illustrate a geometry concept called hyperbolic space .
When they injected some randomness into the patterns , the darning duo noticed that their creations wispy , colorful , structured yet chaotic began to resemble a coral reef .
" It's as if they were going through evolution " , Margaret says .
The sisters set up a website , the art press picked it up , and before long the Hyperbolic Crochet Coral Reef Project went viral :
More than 3,000 volunteers wielded hooks and yarn to create an array of specimens , which can fill a 4,000 -square -foot exhibit space .
The sisters hope their work imparts an appreciation for the plight of corals .
" We can probably live without the reefs " , Margaret Wertheim says .
" But no one knows what the cascading environmental effects will be on the millions of species that rely on them " .
The hand - stitched sea simulacra are currently on exhibit at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York and will debut at the Smithsonian in D.C. in October .
Romantic History ( Schumann through Mahler ) LISTEN : Schumann , ( Do you know the place ) ?
( 1849 ) The Romantic era was the heyday of the programmatic orchestral work .
A program , in the musical sense , is a narrative that is to be presented , or at least suggested , by a purely instrumental composition .
The French composer Hector Berlioz subtitled his Symphonie fantastique " Episode in the Life of an Artist ; "
at the symphony 's performance , he distributed a program that detailed the travails of an artist suffering unrequited love .
( It was an open secret that the artist was a fictionalized version of Berlioz himself , struck with love for with the actress Harriet Smithson ) .
The movement reproduced here , the fourth of five , is meant to depict the artist 's drug-induced vision of being marched to the gallows to be hung .
LISTEN :
Berlioz , Fantasy Symphony , fourth movement
The 19th century was also the heyday of the piano " miniature " , short in length yet often emotionally charged .
Fryderyk Chopin was born in Poland , but lived in Paris for most of his working life . He composed solo piano music almost exclusively .
Chopin 's piano pieces did not carry poetic titles , as did those of some contemporaries ;
instead , he assigned them to different types ( etude , ballade , mazurka -- the last a Polish dance . )
The " Preludes " were not introductory to other musical works , despite their names ; they were standalone pieces that did not fit into Chopin 's other categories .
Chopin 's 24 preludes are often played as a set .
LISTEN :
Chopin , Prelude in E Minor
The operas of Giusuppe Verdi dominated Italian music from the 1840's through the 1880's .
Like many composers of the middle and late 19th century , Verdi was an ardent nationalist , believing that music written by Italians should exemplify a particularly Italian style .
This style was based on a type of singing called beautifully sung which involved continuous , flowing melodies , emphasis on vowels , and long , high climaxes at dramatic points .
Verdi also made heavy use of onstage choruses , often creating scenes in which the singing of soloists and of the chorus overlapped .
Verdi 's recitative passages were accompanied by full orchestra , making them more continuous with arias than were 18th- century recitatives , which were accompanied by harpsichord .
In this scene from La Traviata , the spurned Alfredo accuses his ex-lover Violetta of infidelity  Violetta resorted to so as to protect Alfredo 's family name .
( It 's a long story ) !
LISTEN :
Verdi , La Traviata excerpt from Act II [ Text ]
Like Verdi , Richard Wagner dominated the opera scene of his country -- in Wagner 's case , Germany .
Also like Verdi , Wagner was a fervid nationalist ; he believed that German opera should be free of Italian and French influence , to the point of excluding self-contained arias entirely .
In Wagner 's ideal German opera , music , poetry , action , staging , and even set design were perfectly fused in the service of a single dramatic idea , as expressed through a story from Teutonic legend .
( Wagner 's term for the product of such a fusion was " total art work ) " .
Wagner intended the orchestra to play as great a role as the sung words in furthering the operatic narrative .
To this end , he assigned the orchestra leading motives , brief melodic fragments which were associated with characters , objects , or ideas presented onstage .
In this scene from Tristan und Isolde , the title characters drink a magic potion that creates undying ( and forbidden ) love between them .
In the long passage without any singing , the potion takes effect as the orchestra presents the " Love - Death " Leitmotiv , which was introduced in a Prelude before the opera 's action began .
LISTEN :
Wagner , Tristan und Isolde , excerpt from Act I , Scene 5
In contrast to Wagner , who wrote operas almost exclusively , Johannes Brahms wrote no operas at all .
Many Germans considered Brahms to be Beethoven 's first worthy successor in the field of instrumental music .
The last movement of Brahms 's Symphony No.3 is reproduced here .
LISTEN :
Brahms , Symphony No.3 , last movement
As the 19th century ended , composers combined the symphony and the Lied to form the symphonic Lied , for solo vocalist and orchestra .
The Austrian conductor Gustav Mahler wrote numerous sets of symphonic Lieder , as well as nine symphonies ( which themselves included symphonic Lieder as some of their movements . )
Reproduced here is Mahler 's " St. Antony 's Sermon to the Fishes " ,
a setting of a text from the folk- poetry anthology  The Youth 's Magic Horn . )
LISTEN :
Mahler , St. Anthony 's Sermon to the Fishes
Stay Wired and Still Feel Great
Are your gadgets making you tired and unfocused instead of more efficient ?
Here , ways to get your computer , smartphone , and tablet to help make you healthier and happier .
We like to think our high-tech tools are helping us get more done faster , thanks to our 24/7 access to information and other people .
And , yes , technology has considerable upsides :
" there 's tremendous efficiency when it comes to work , like exchanging information and collaborating " ,
Staying in touch with far-flung loved ones is easier than ever ,
says Gary Small , MD , a neuroscientist at UCLA and co-author of iBrain : Surviving the Technological Alteration of the Modern Mind .
But for many of us , a little too much of this good thing is actually causing a neurological phenomenon that psychiatrist Edward Hallowell , MD , author of Driven to Distraction , has called " attention deficit trait " , marked by distractibility and impatience .
" We 're constantly scanning the environment for a new ring or buzz " ,
Dr. Small says . " And there 's something irresistible about an unopened message " ,
Dr. Hallowell adds . " We want to keep opening them even though we know that we 're distracting ourselves , taking ourselves out of the moment , the conversation " .
That 's because our brains crave newness and reward us with a feel-good squirt of the neuro transmitter dopamine every time our phone pings with a text or emails show up in our inbox .
In a soon-to-be- published study from the University of Chicago , researchers found that people have a harder time resisting the tug of gadgets than any other desire , including the urge to eat , sleep , shop , and have sex .
As a result , instead of helping us multitask better , our phones , computers , texts , emails , and apps may keep us from accomplishing as much as we want to .
" What people mean by multitasking is switching their attention back and forth from one task to the next " , Dr. Hallowell explains .
" And every time you do that , each task loses a little bit of your attention " .
But you can organize your gadget usage so you 're not overwhelmed by the never-ending emails and those incessant pings from your BlackBerry .
Here are smart strategies for making your tech work in ways that keep your brain focused and even more efficient .
Sidestep the time-suck Need to get some work done , but finding it hard to resist the lure of Facebook ?
So-called " productivity tools " can stop you from surfing when you can 't stop yourself .
LeechBlock , a free add-on for Firefox , lets you block sites of your choosing during certain times of the day or after you 've already wasted a set amount of time on them ;
a $ 10 download for PC and Mac users , blocks your Internet access for up to eight hours .
Even simpler : Set a timer for 25 minutes of focused work .
When it goes off , you get five minutes to check Twitter or your favorite blog .
Manage your email better Email has morphed into a continuous form of communication more like a phone call than an electronic letter and , says Dr. Hallowell , you have to set boundaries .
" You can 't think and email at the same time " , he says .
To make that stream of messages less intrusive , designate specific times when you 'll read what's in your inbox say , every hour on the hour instead of compulsively checking .
To make this easier , change the settings on your email program so a pop-up does n't alert you to each new message .
And if you read business email after work or on the weekend , avoid hitting " reply " if you do n't have to , since the more messages you send out , the more you get back .
De-tech your bedroom It's tempting to cozy up with your Kindle Fire or iPad as you drift off to dreamland ,
but researchers say we should turn off TVs , laptops , and backlit tablets an hour before bed , since exposing yourself to light-emitting gadgets at night suppresses your body 's production of the sleep- inducing hormone melatonin .
That makes it harder to get your zzz's , leaving you less than sharp the next day .
Same goes for people calling and texting you in the middle of the night .
Ask your friends and family to resist contacting you after a certain hour unless it 's an emergency ,
silence your email and text alerts , and put the phone out of arm 's reach under the bed or upside-down on the dresser
so it's not glowing in your face all night but you can still hear it if it rings .
Checking your phone the minute your eyes open in the a.m. also sets a frazzled tone for the day , so try to resist reaching for it first thing .
Ease into gadget-free time
" People now pull out their BlackBerry instead of daydreaming or reading " , Dr. Hallowell points out .
" There's little time where you 're awake with yourself and thinking , pondering life " .
So try to cut back on tech 
but note that " you will have ' withdrawal " ' , warns Marsha Lucas , PhD , a neuropsychologist in Washington .
" Your nervous system has gotten reset to having a lot of stimulation , and you have to recalibrate so that less feels good again " .
Baby steps first :
Try leaving the cell in the car while you hit the gym or the store ,
and then work up to running errands sans phone .
It won 't kill you to be inaccessible for an hour or two , and you may just accomplish those tasks faster without the constant pinging .
If you get work calls and emails at night that you have trouble ignoring , create " free times " where you do n't check them .
To avoid feeling like you 're leaving correspondents in the lurch , set an out-of-office message :
" I will be unreachable from 6  9 p.m. "
This way , you 'll get space to develop ideas you might never have had while buried in your computer .
At the very least , clear your head by getting outside for a few minutes , since research shows that being in nature is the most powerful antidote to the drain of technology .
One study found that even having a plant at your desk increases attention so you can do better work .
Keep a quiet car Staying off your phone while driving is a no-brainer :
Studies show that texting and talking in the car even hands free could be as dangerous as driving drunk .
But some tech actually helps us pay attention on the road , says University of Kansas psychologist Paul Atchley , PhD .
Listening to a GPS system is safer than looking down at a map , and backseat DVD players keep kids from distracting you .
Just program the GPS and start the DVD before you hit the road .
Then enjoy the ride , free of rings and beeps .
The United Nations has now estimated that Pakistan will need billions of dollars to recover from its worst floods in 80 years -
further straining a country already dependent on foreign aid to prop up its economy and back its war against Islamist militants .
Over 60,000 troops are involved in flood relief operations trying to assist nearly 14 million people who are now affected by the flooding .
The U.N. has just launched an appeal for $ 459 million inimmediate aid , as Pakistanis have become more frustrated with their government 's response and President Asif Ali Zardari 's trip to Europe .
A man marooned by flood waters , alongside his livestock , waves towards an Army helicopter for relief handouts in the Rajanpur district of Pakistan 's Punjab province on August 9 , 2010 .
Pakistani city Mehmud Kot is submerged in flood water near Multan , Pakistan on Sunday , Aug. 8, 2010 .
Nadia, sits alongside siblings after they were rescued from rising floodwaters in Baseera , a village located in the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province , August 10, 2010 .
Pakistani villagers stand on the remains of a bridge washed away by heavy flooding in Bannu in northwest Pakistan on Sunday , Aug. 8, 2010 .
Pictures taken from US rescue helicopter shows the flooded area of Kallam valley on August 9, 2010 .
A girl floats her brother across flood waters whilst salvaging valuables from their flood ravaged home on August 7, 2010 in the village of Bux Seelro near to Sukkur , Pakistan .
A Pakistan Army soldier rests between air rescue operations on August 9, 2010 in the Muzaffargarh district in Punjab , Pakistan .
Flood victims awaiting rescue wave down a helicopter from a top a roof in Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province August 7, 2010 .
Pakistanis desperate to get out of flooded villages threw themselves at helicopters on Saturday as more heavy rain was expected to intensify both suffering and anger with the government .
The disaster killed more than 1,600 people and disrupted the lives of 10 million .
Pakistani villagers raise hands to get food dropped from an army helicopter at a flood-hit area of Kot Addu , in central Pakistan on Saturday , Aug. 7, 2010 .
Pakistani flood survivors climb on army helicopter as it distributes food bags in Lal Piron August 7, 2010 .
A man wades through flood waters towards a naval boat while evacuating his children in Sukkur , located in Pakistan 's Sindh province August 8, 2010 .
Stranded truck drivers , waiting for their tea , watch lightning strike within developing monsoon clouds over Pakistan 's Muzaffargarh district in Punjab province August 10 , 2010 .
Villagers wade through flood waters with their livestock while looking for higher grounds in Sukkur , Pakistan on August 8, 2010 .
the military took a lead role in rescuing survivors from a devastating disaster that has killed 1,600 people and left two million homeless .
Volunteers of the foundation , the charity wing of Pakistan 's anti-American militant group , run a relief camp for flood-affected people in Nowshera, northwest Pakistan on Aug. 9, 2010 .
U.S. army choppers flew up the formerly Taliban- controlled valley laden with flour , biscuits and water .
Residents stand near the path of flowing flood waters the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province on August 9, 2010 .
US Army Staff Sargeant Matthew Kingsbury ( right ) from Bravo Company 2/3 Aviationand Pakistani soldiers sit on the cargo bay ramp of a CH-47 heavy-lift helicopter while looking down at a flooded area while in flight over Pakistan 's Swat Valley on August 10 , 2010 .
Anaerial view from a Pakistan army rescue helicopter shows personnel distributing water to flood-affected residents in Ghouspur ,
some 100 kilometers from Sukkur .
A Pakistani flood survivor climbs onto an army rescue helicopter in Ghouspur , Pakistan on August 9 , 2010 .
A flood victim looks out from the window of an Army helicopter after being eavacuated from the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province on August 9 , 2010 .
A ray of light shines past monsoon clouds as villagers wade through rising floodwaters in Baseera , in the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province , August 10 , 2010 .
A boy waits for food handouts with other flood victims as they take refuge at a makeshift camp in Sukkur , in Pakistan 's Sindh province August 8, 2010 .
A man walks through a flooded house in the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province August 7, 2010 .
A man pushes his motorbike through flood waters in the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan on August 8, 2010 .
Newborn twin boys lay covered up in a blanket on the floor of a Pakistani Army helicopter , as mother Zada Perveen rests after being rescued by Pakistan Army soldiers during air rescue operationson August 9 , 2010 over the village of Sanawan in the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan .
Of the twin boys , the first was born 15 minutes before mid day and the other twin was born as the Army rescue helicopter was circling above to find a safe landing position on a road surrounded by flood waters .
The mother was then carried on a makeshift bed through chest deep flood waters to the awaiting Pakistan Army helicopter .
A Pakistani crosses a canal with the help of cable wire on a damaged bridge, which was washed away by heave flood in Ghazi Gat in central Pakistan on Monday , Aug. 9, 2010 .
Pakistani villagers chase after relief supplies dropped from an army helicopter in a heavy flood-hit area of Mithan Kot , in central Pakistan , Monday , Aug. 9, 2010 .
Pakistani volunteers unload sacks of flour provided by the U.S. government in Kalam in Pakistan 's Swat valley on Wednesday , Aug. 11, 2010 .
Anaerial view , from a U.S. Army CH-47 helicopter to delivering humanitarian assistance supplies , shows the flood-damaged countryside in Ghazi , Pakistan ON August 5, 2010 .
People hunt a stray wild boar which escaped from a jungle during the heavy floods to Sukkur city , Pakistan , on Tuesday , Aug. 10, 2010 .
A Pakistan police officer use a baton to control flood effected people who are trying to loot donated food from a bus at a roadside in Azakhel near Nowshera, Pakistan on Sunday , Aug. 8, 2010 .
Anaerial view from a U.S. Army CH-47 Chinook helicopter shows a damaged bridge washed out by the floods in Ghazi , Pakistan August 5, 2010 .
Pakistani flood survivors walk in the flooded area of Bssera village , 60 km southwest of Multan , on August 10, 2010 .
A Pakistani flood survivor who lost her home to heavy flooding , cries upon her arrival in Muzaffargarh , Pakistan , on Tuesday , Aug. 10, 2010 .
Flood victims are rescued by boat in Baseera , a village located in the Muzaffargarh district of Pakistan 's Punjab province on August 10, 2010 .
Youths affected by floods walk outside the ruins of their home which was washed away by heavy floods in Charsadda , northwest Pakistan , Monday , Aug. 9, 2010 .
Pakistani flood victim Mohammed Nawaz hangs onto a moving raft as he is rescued by the Pakistan Navy August 10, 2010 in Sukkur , Pakistan .
3 Questions to Ask Yourself Before You Ask For Advice
When faced with a big decision , it is natural for you to seek advice from friends , colleagues , and experts .
Sadly , it can also be natural to ignore that advice when you do n't hear what you want to 
I was chatting with my friend Fred and he was lamenting the very high mortgage payments he had to make .
Not only were the payments high , but after the real estate bubble burst the property was worth less than the mortgage
( not an unfamiliar situation for many these days , I am sure . )
Fred says , " the stupid thing is that before I bought the property I was talking to one of these ' real estate gurus .
' I asked him , ' is it time to buy real estate yet ?
' He said , ' no .
' So of course I went and bought the house anyway " .
Fred said this not out of anger or spite , but simply out of humorous self-reflection .
He knew how ridiculous it made him sound .
But we have all been on both sides of this ;
getting advice that we do n't take and being asked for advice that others ignore .
It 's natural to want to argue against or ignore advice that we do n't like .
But just because it 's natural does n't mean it 's right .
Seeking advice is a smart thing to do , but before you do , make sure you are ready to accept it .
Here are three questions to ask yourself to before you ask for advice :
Are You Looking For Advice or Validation ?
Often when we go looking for advice we are really just looking for people to pat us on the back and say ,
" yes , what you are doing is correct , keep doing it " .
Or we have an option that we want to be right ( even though deep down we know it is n't )
so we go looking for advice that will tell us it is .
My friend wanted to buy a house .
He was n't necessarily looking to find out if the time was right or not ;
he was looking for someone to validate that yes , the time was right .
Do n't bother asking for advice if all you are looking for is approval .
It won't work out well for anyone .
Are You Ready For the Truth ?
Seeking advice without an open mind is like mining for gold while blindfolded :
even if you came across a " golden nugget " , you would never even realize it ?
If you 're going to go through the trouble of seeking advice , and if you 're going to take up someone else 's time getting it , then the least you can do is be very open to anything and everything they say
( Note : this is * not * the same as when someone gives you unsolicited advice ; this is just for when * you * are asking * them * for their opinion . )
The truth hurts .
The person may advise you to do something you really do n't want to do .
They may tell you that your brilliant idea has a huge flaw .
They may tell you that , in their opinion , you are making a huge mistake .
If you 're not ready to face the truth , do n't bother seeking the advice .
Are You Ignoring Advice Out of Emotion or Logic ?
I 'm not saying that just because someone gives you advice that you have to take it .
Heck , I 've ignored lots of advice in my day !
Ultimately you are in control of your own life and only you get to decide what 's best for you .
But if you are going to ignore someone 's advice , then make sure you understand why .
Are you ignoring the advice because you have thought it through fully and decided that in your particular situation it does n't make sense ?
Or are you ignoring it because it makes you uncomfortable , or you do n't like it , or it 's not what you wanted to hear ?
The former is a perfectly valid reason ;
the latter is going to get you in trouble .
Be careful !
Humans are brilliant at making decisions emotionally .
Make certain that your reasons for ignoring the advice are truly logical , not emotional .
The next time you are faced with a difficult or complex decision , review these three questions before seeking advice .
If you are blessed enough to have smart experienced people who can help you , then these questions just may prevent you from stupidly ignoring what they say .
US to send aircraft carrier to Yellow Sea drills
The US Defense Department says it will send a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier to the Yellow Sea near China for joint military exercises with South Korea .
The US and South Korea are conducting a series of military exercises following the March sinking of a South Korean warship in the Yellow Sea , allegedly by North Korea .
Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell told reporters on Thursday that the joint drills will take place in the Yellow Sea and the Sea of Japan and the USS George Washington will take part in the drills .
The exercises are said to be based on various assumptions , including a submarine attack .
But detailed schedules have not been revealed .
Last month , China strongly objected to a US naval deployment in the Yellow Sea during the joint exercise .
The US dispatched the George Washington to the Sea of Japan instead .
The US government takes the view that the Yellow Sea is an international waterway and China 's opposition cannot be justified .
How is it that some people can sleep through sirens , blaring music or even an earthquake , while others will wake up if anyone so much as tiptoes into the room ?
Scientists may now have an answer to this riddle ,
thanks to a study that cracks open one of the long-standing mysteries of getting a good night 's sleep .
Sound sleepers , they found , have specific patterns of activity in the brain that block out distracting signals during their slumber .
A gateway in the brain , called the thalamus , takes a role in the onward direction of most types of sensory information coming in to the brain .
The researchers believe that brief bursts of electrical activity in this area , called " sleep spindles , " somehow block external sounds form reaching any parts of the brain that might wake a person up .
In short , light sleepers do not produce as many sleep spindles as heavy sleepers .
" We found that by measuring brain waves during sleep , we could learn a lot about how well a person 's brain can block the negative effects of sounds .
The more sleep spindles your brain produces , the more likely you 'll stay asleep , even when confronted with noise " , said Jeffrey Ellenbogen of Harvard Medical School in Boston .
His results are published today in Current Biology .
" The thalamus is likely preventing sensory information from getting to areas of the brain that perceive and react to sound .
And our data provide evidence that the sleep spindle is a marker of this blockade .
More spindles means more stable sleep , even when confronted with noise " , he said .
Light sleepers may benefit from boosting the number of spindles in their brains , though the researchers acknowledge they are still unclear how the boost could be achieved .
Behavioural techniques , drugs , or an electronic device could provide a solution .
Ellenbogen 's team recorded the brain-wave patterns of 12 volunteers who had to try to sleep in noisy laboratories over three nights .
For the first night , they were undisturbed but , during the second and third nights , they were subjected to telephones ringing , people talking , and other mechanical sounds normally heard in hospitals .
" The effect of sleep spindles was so pronounced that we could see it even after just a single night " , Ellenbogen said .
The scientists hope that understanding brain scans during sleep will enable researchers to develop tools to keep us asleep when we want to sleep and to wake us up only when it is time .
" Our goal is to find brain-based solutions that integrate a sleeping person into their modern environment , such that sleep is maintained even in the face of noises " , Ellenbogen said .
" This finding gets us one important step closer to realising that goal " .
Apple 's coveted new notebook rocks a super-thin redesign and an eye-opening Retina display . But here are some warning signs before you pull the trigger :
Computer world , CNET , Tech News World , The Verge ..
Apple 's new MacBook Pro is inspiring a noisy chorus of superlatives :
Apple 's Phil Schiller called it the " most beautiful MacBook Pro " ever made .
Sam Biddle at Gizmodo one-upped that with " [ it 's ] the most amazing laptop we 've ever seen " .
And over at Slate , Farhad Manjoo says it 's " the greatest , and perhaps final , version of the personal computer " .
With a host of new features like a super-lean chassis , dazzling innards , and a startlingly crisp Retina display , the new MacBook Pro sparkles brightly enough to give even curmudgeonly anti-Apple folks gadget-lust .
But the groundbreaking laptop does have its share of downsides .
Here , five things you should know before you hit your local Apple Store
( and endure a four-week waiting period for the in-demand machine ):
1. It 's difficult to repair The editors of do-it-yourself website tested the new MacBook Pro for " repairability " and gave it the lowest score possible :
1 out of 10 .
A teardown revealed proprietary screws nearly exclusive to Apple , liberal use of glue , and expensive parts that will be vexing to replace  especially the costly new Retina display .
" The new MacBook Pro is virtually non-upgradeable " , Kyle Wiens , tells Computerworld .
It 's the first MacBook Pro that won't be unable to adapt to future advances in memory and storage technology .
" This is , to date , the least-repairable laptop we 've taken apart " .
2. It 's expensive A $ 2,199 price tag for the entry-level model is more than " the typical American mortgage " , says CNET .
( Tack on hundreds for taxes and a basic AppleCare package ) .
And for most people , it 's just not a very " practical " investment , says Chris Maxcer at TechNewsWorld .
Apple design guru Jony Ive has gone to painstaking lengths to create what truly is a " work of art " .
But I decided not to buy it since I 'm not a professional filmmaker or video editor .
The beautiful new MacBook Pro " appeals to your heart , not your head " .
3. Websites and apps are n't yet optimized for its Retina display
It 's " more or less a certainty that laptops all over are about to make a strong push for high-resolution displays " , says Ross Miller at The Verge .
The more HD screens that hit on the market , " the more websites and applications .. will be optimized for [ them " . ]
But right now that is n't the case .
If you decide to purchase the new MacBook Pro , " you 'll be waiting on the world to change " .
4. Laptops may become obsolete Apple is schizophrenic , says Farhad Manjoo at Slate .
On one hand it 's trying to kill the PC with the iPad , but it also keeps " extending the life of the personal computer with notebooks like the Air " .
It 's as if Henry Ford released the Model-T , but " was also working on a way to breed faster , less smelly horses " .
There will eventually be a convergence as MacBooks pick up more of the iPad 's features .
" In three years ' time , what will be the difference between a $ 499 iPad and a $ 999 MacBook " ?
5. Cheaper Retina displays may be coming soon For now the new MacBook is " the best all-around " notebook that Apple makes , says CNET .
a not-too-distant future when all laptops are paper-thin and feather light " .
But " it feels like a rest stop on the road to ..
Do n't be shocked when Retina displays filter down to less expensive laptops  like the $ 999 MacBook Air  sometime soon .
And that might be worth holding out for .
AN OILY green algal film slops on the shore of Tai Lake , China 's third-largest freshwater body .
Its foul odour drifts over nearby villages .
By the water 's edge it is hard not to retch .
Fishermen complain of dizziness .
A clean-up campaign launched by the government three years ago has made little progress .
A similar outbreak in the torrid summer heat of 2007 became a national scandal .
Drinking-water supplies for hundreds of thousands of people nearby were suspended for several days while the authorities tried to scoop up the gloop .
Shamed by damage to a renowned beauty spot , the government spent hundreds of millions of dollars on sewage works and other measures .
Hundreds of nearby factories were closed in an effort to reduce the effluent that causes algae to grow .
This year 's problem smells rather like that of 2007 , but comparisons are tricky .
The lake is vast and few data are available , so independent monitors rely on anecdotal evidence .
Some fishermen on the northern shore say the outbreak this year is just as bad .
Others see an improvement .
If so , it is hard to say what has helped :
anti-pollution measures , algae barriers in the water or the deployment of algae-scooping teams .
Residents say algae-eating silver carp introduced with great fanfare this year have died .
Even with the most dedicated effort , it would be a struggle to keep the lake clean .
Its basin is one of the most highly developed areas in the country , producing over 10 % of China 's GDP .
Ma Jun of the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs says official efforts have slowed the deterioration of water quality .
But a " large volume " of pollutants enters through 200 streams and rivers .
Efforts to stimulate the economy have not helped .
Spending on green technologies rose , but less care was taken over environmental protection .
Local officials grew fixated on the need to boost GDP , helped by often indiscriminate lending by state-owned banks .
Funds poured into new infrastructure and buildings , boosting some of the most polluting industries .
Hints of environmental backsliding have appeared in the government 's own ropy data .
The Ministry of Environmental Protection released figures on July 26th that showed 43.2 % of state-monitored rivers were classified as grade 4 or worse in the first half of the year , meaning their water was unsuitable for human contact .
Last year , as a whole , it was 42.7 % .
Residents of Beijing , who hoped the clear skies they enjoyed during the 2008 Olympic Games would persist , have also resumed their grumbling .
Smog is back with a vengeance .
A stimulus-encouraged car-buying spree has further clogged city streets .
Provinces around Beijing account for much of China 's recent record levels of ( air-fouling ) steel and coal production .
Official data show a diminishing share of grade 1 ( " excellent ) " air-quality days since the games .
And the situation may be worse than these suggest .
The American embassy in Beijing , to the annoyance of local officials , issues frequent air-quality readings for its part of the city .
These , based on the presence of fine particulates , mostly ranged from " moderate " to " unhealthy " in the 24 hours after midday on July 31st .
But the government called that period grade 2 , or " good . "
Incredibly , to anyone familiar with China 's perennially grey urban landscapes , fully 91 % of days in 113 big cities in the first half of this year were described as " blue sky . "
But this was 0.3 % below last year 's figure for the same period , the first fall since 2005 .
There is a ray of hope .
In 2006 China set a target of a 20% cut by 2010 of its energy intensity ( the amount of energy consumed per unit of GDP . )
As some 70% of China 's energy comes from coal , efforts to achieve this have been closely watched .
After successive years of improvement , the first quarter of this year saw a big reversal , with energy intensity increasing by 3.2% .
But on August 3rd new data showed that in the first half of the year , energy intensity nudged up by a mere 0.09% compared with the same period a year ago .
This implied a huge recent improvement .
China 's energy-intensity data are as wobbly as other indicators .
Perhaps , however , a warning in May by the prime minister , Wen Jiabao , that an " iron hand " would be used to meet the target , has had some effect .
Revising the figures certainly has .
In July new energy-intensity numbers were produced for the past four years that put China closer to its target .
The change suggested that energy intensity had improved by 15.6% from 2006 .
Arthur Kroeber thinks China will get within a " reasonable range " of its 20% goal .
Not green enough
Officials fret about being accused of failing on pollution .
At Tai Lake , a veteran activist , Wu Lihong , was freed from prison in April after serving three years on what he says were trumped-up charges .
He believes his term was retribution for his campaigning .
Now , he says , local journalists tell him that the government is trying to suppress news about the latest algae outbreak .
And contradicting their own rhetoric , the authorities have been switching to other supplies instead of lake water .
Stephen Hawking has warned that unless the human race colonises space within the next two centuries it will disappear forever .
The famous astrophysicist says that our only chance for long-term survival is to move away from Earth and begin to inhabit new planets .
In an interview with website Big Think , Hawking said he was an ' optimist ' but the next few hundred years had to be negotiated carefully if the human race is to survive .
Stephen Hawking has warned that humans will only survive if we leave Earth and venture into space He said :
' I see great danger for the human race .
There have been a number of times in the past when survival has been a question of touch and go .
The Cuban missile crisis in 1963 is one of these . '
The frequency of such occasions is likely to increase in the future .
We shall need great care and judgment to negotiate them all successfully .
'' But I am an optimist .
If we can avoid disaster for the next two centuries our species should be safe as we spread into space .
' Earlier this year , Hawking warned that humans should be wary about trying to make contact with other alien lifeforms in space as we could not be sure that they would be friendly . '
If we are the only intelligent beings in the galaxy we should make sure we survive and continue .
' But he warned that mankind was entering ' an increasingly dangerous period of our history . ''
Our population and use of the finite resources of planet Earth and growing exponentially along with out technical ability to change the environment for good and ill ' , he said . '
But our genetic code carries selfish and aggressive instincts that were a survival advantage in the past .
It will be difficult enough to avoid disaster in the next 100 years let alone the next thousand or a million .
' Our only chance of long term survival is not to remain on planet earth but to spread into space .
We have made remarkable progress in the last 100 years but if we want to continue beyond the next 100 years our future is in space .
That was why he is favour of manned space flight , he said .
Earlier this year Hawking he said that a spaceship capable of travelling through time - but only forwards - would breach Albert Einstein 's theories of relativity .
This means that humans might one day be able to use time travel to skip generations into the future .
Having taken six years to reach its full speed of 98 percent of the speed of light ( 650million miles per hour , ) a day on board the ship would be equivalent to a year on Earth , he said , allowing those on board to reach the edge of the galaxy in just 80 years .
How harsh words may hurt your knees
STICKS and stones may break your bones , but words might make you more likely to get arthritis .
Not as catchy as the original , but it seems social rejection could trigger diseases linked to inflammation .
Psychologist George Slavich of the University of California , Los Angeles , and colleagues asked 124 volunteers to give speeches and perform mental arithmetic in front of a panel of dismissive observers .
Saliva analysis showed they exhibited elevated levels of two inflammation markers .
A quarter of the volunteers then played a computer game in which other players were instructed to exclude them .
Functional MRI scans showed this triggered increased activity in two brain regions associated with rejection .
Participants with the highest inflammatory responses showed the greatest increases in brain activity ( Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . )
Understanding the role the brain plays in conditions linked to inflammation - such as asthma , arthritis , cardiovascular disease and depression - will help in the development of new treatments to combat them , says Slavich .
How Google Can Take It To Facebook :
If Google 's new general of social is reading this , and if the plan really is to go after Facebook , then here 's our advice : hit Facebook where it is weakest and where Google is strong  with location services .
Right now , this is the biggest exploitable gap in Facebook 's armor that we can see for Google to exploit ,
and one that if done right , could change how we look at social networks .
Battle of The Bigs
For the sake of this discussion , we 're going to keep startups such as Foursquare , Gowalla , Brightkite , Whrrl , etc off of the table and stick with the behemoths .
The war for the Web , as Tim O'Reilly has called it , is being fought by empires , not city-states ( though of course city-states can rise to become empires  and quickly on the Internet  but we 're going to keep this between Facebook and Google . )
Facebook has a pretty good lock on many of the things that make a current-day social network  photo sharing , status updates , friend-discovery and social games to mention a few .
The one place that it has really dragged its feet is with location .
Most people can 't figure out why ,
but to us , location simply is n't in Facebook 's DNA
( and we doubt Hot Potato is going to change that . )
Could Facebook make changes to solidify its place as a force in geolocation ?
Yes , it could ,
but at this point it is getting far behind the 8-ball  a position 180 degrees from where Google is right now .
A Weapon There is no other way to put it  Google excels at location , with Google Maps at the core .
While Bing Maps is certainly coming on strong with new features , Google Maps is still far and away the most used online mapping tool in the world ,
and is the core mapping app on both iOS and Android .
Using location to take on a competitor is already something Google is doing , so it already knows how to use location as a weapon .
What Google has n't excelled at  yet  is the social aspects of location .
It certainly has tried with Latitude and the geo aspects of Buzz , but neither service is really all that compelling .
Whether or not Google improves either /both of those services to make them more social could very well be moot when /if Google Me launches . That is , if Google does Google Me right .
Doing Google Me Right So how would Google do it right ?
Build a mobile-based location-centric social network that connects users on the go  basically , something far more compelling than Latitude .
Google already has many of the pieces in place for this  what they need to do is connect the dots  literally , as in making pins on a map social .
Facebook is miles away from being able to do this , and only Apple and Twitter are anywhere near the position that Google is in to be able to pull this off ( with Microsoft and Nokia a distant fourth and fifth . )
We 're sorry to disappoint , but we 're not going to spell out in this post all the pieces of how this mobile-based location-centric social network would work ( first of all , that 's Google 's job , but we 've got plenty of ideas , so maybe in a future post we will . )
That said , but in a future Internet where we predict that everything will be a feature of location , and not the other way around ,
Google should seriously consider taking on Facebook in this way and grabbing the next generation of social networks , instead of trying to grasp at past missed glory .
All that said , we still think LinkedIn is a better target .
Mozilla has been making some small moves into mobile with the Firefox browser for Android ,
but today the company announced much bigger plans :
Firefox OS , previously known as " Boot to Gecko " , is an entirely new operating system for smartphones .
The OS will be based on Linux , but all apps will be entirely browser-based , built on HTML5 , like Google 's Chrome OS .
It 's a surprisingly well-planned announcement ;
Mozilla is already several steps into the process , having already lined up hardware and network partners .
The hardware will be made by Chinese company TCL , which here in the States makes things under the RCA brand , and ZTE , which makes mostly low-end phones , and will include Snapdragon processors from Qualcomm .
On the network side , they 're working with Sprint , Deutsche Telekom , Telefnica and more .
Given the choice of hardware partners , I 'd expect the Firefox phones to be aimed more at the low-end market , perhaps especially in developing nations .
It 's ridiculously difficult to gain a foothold in the smartphone OS world -- just ask Microsoft -- but a browser-based solution could be made cheaply and easily .
We 'll see how well the Firefox OS works ;
Mozilla says the first devices to use the OS will appear in Brazil next year .
" Springtime for Hitler " , the Sequel ?
Last Thursday , in Haifa , Israel , Hava Hershkovitz , a seventy-nine-year-old Romanian-born grandmother who survived the Second World War in a Russian detention camp but lost most of her family to the Nazis , was crowned Miss Holocaust Survivor .
She was one of fourteen finalists competing for the title , and for the prize of an all-expenses-paid weekend at a five-star hotel .
The contestants  chosen from some five hundred applicants ( in a country with one hundred and seventy thousand Jews who made it out of the war alive )  were seventy-four to ninety-seven years old . None of them was an actual " Miss : "
they were wives or widows , some with great-grandchildren .
A cosmetics company ( later criticized for using the event as a marketing platform ) provided makeup artists to prep the contestants for their moment in the spotlight .
A former Miss Israel coached them on how to walk the red carpet .
Each woman wore a black evening gown accessorized by sparkly jewelry , and a blue-and-white sash with a number on it .
The judges were three beauty queens and a geriatric psychiatrist .
They selected the winner based , in part ( ten percent the sponsors said , ) on her looks ,
and ninety percent on the story of her experience in a camp , a ghetto , or in hiding ,
then of rebuilding a life in Israel after the war .
The pageant was worse than tasteless in the eyes of many .
( " Ghastly " and " macabre " were among the adjectives used to describe it ) .
But the next morning , I got an e-mail from a friend of mine in the movie business .
" I thought , at first , this had to be a satire " , he wrote .
" You cull a minyan 's worth of good-looking old Jewish ladies from a big pool of less desirable specimens ;
you put them on show wearing blue numbers ;
and the prize for the best story of their ordeal is a weekend at a fancy hotel ?
It 's like ' Springtime for Hitler " ' . ( That 's the hilariously appalling musical that Max Bialystock and Leo Bloom , a hapless duo of failed Broadway impresarios , cook up in Mel Brooks 's black comedy , " The Producers " , counting on the play to bomb , so that they can defraud their investors ) .
" Then " , he went on , " I thought it would make a great sequel .
Max is romancing a wealthy Holocaust survivor on her last legs .
He decides to produce a beauty pageant that will be fixed so she 'll win .
It 's such a success that he launches a franchise :
Miss Rwanda Genocide Survivor , Miss Sex-Trafficking Survivor , Miss Land-mine Survivor " .
( The best ideas , however , are often taken . There actually have been " Miss Land-mine Survivor " pageants in Cambodia and Angola ) .
People who were shocked by the " Miss Holocaust " pageant may be too young to remember a wildly popular program that aired on American radio , then on television , for almost twenty years ( 1945-1964 , ) " Queen for a Day " , on which a fetching , if sorry , lot of female contestants competed for free medical care , often for their sick children ;
groceries ; appliances ; clothing ; and other prizes by telling their stories of adversity to a studio audience , which registered its votes for the best sob story on an applause meter .
The woman with the worst tale of woe and most engagingly pathetic air usually carried the day , weeping copiously as she was crowned .
The popularity in this country of reality shows like " The Bachelor " and " The Jersey Shore " ,
( not to mention our own " Survivor , ) "
testifies to the insatiable appetite of the public for titillating , demeaning , if not sadistic , spectacles ,
many involving " Misses " in various stages of undress  though this is hardly a modern phenomenon .
Barnum produced the first American beauty pageant , in 1854
( it was closed down after an outcry . )
And the Romans staged gladiatorial contests among naked pregnant women  Lydian slaves  who fought to the death .
They , of course , were not volunteers  and they were unlikely to have subscribed to the philosophy of Shimon Sabag , producer of the Haifa contest : " Always look at life with a smile " .
Engines of Growth
When I first rode the rail line between the eastern Chinese cities of Suzhou and Shanghai in 1996 , it felt as if the passengers were fleeing a disaster .
Hundreds jammed through the station doors in Suzhou and sprinted for the train .
With bags held high or balanced on bamboo poles , they choked the entrances to the cars , jostling for a prime spot on board .
Those like me who did n't have the gumption to do the same were left to stand or sit on the floor .
I found some room between cars , put my bag down and perched on top of it .
The metal floor had rusted through in spots , and I could see the tracks below .
For much of the two-hour , 100-km ride , I could smell the tracks too .
The train 's toilets emptied directly onto them .
Today , rolling suitcases have replaced bamboo poles as the primary means of hauling loads ,
and the walk across Suzhou station 's platforms is a leisurely stroll .
My seat is assigned , so there 's no need to battle for position .
I find my spot and slip into the comfortable reclining chair .
The next passenger listens to music on his new Nokia phone as the train accelerates .
It feels as though we 've hardly left the station when an announcement tells us to prepare for the next stop , Shanghai .
When the digital speedometer in the car hits 231 km /h , the Japanese businessmen sitting across from me look up from their laptops and nod in approval .
The trip takes 42 minutes and , thankfully , I do n't smell a thing .
In early July , an even faster line went into service linking Shanghai to Suzhou and Nanjing with trains that can run up to 350 km /h .
That sort of relentless upgrading is typical of Chinese rail these days .
Of all the infrastructural improvements this striving nation has made in the past three decades , perhaps the most impressive are those to the railway system .
In 1981 China had 54,000 km of track ;
by the end of this year it will have nearly doubled that to 100,000 km .
More importantly , China has gone from having one of the world 's largest rail networks to also having one of the best .
It covers some of the world 's most difficult terrain  like the Tibetan Plateau , where workers laid track over a 5,000-m pass and 550 km of permafrost to link the Tibetan capital of Lhasa with the rest of China .
The system has also seen a steady increase in average speed , from 48 km /h in 1993 to 70 km /h in 2007 .
On some routes , averages are phenomenal .
The journey from the city of Wuhan in central China to Guangzhou in the south is now covered at 313 km /h .
It 's the fastest average speed in the world for a passenger train and cuts the trip time from 11 and a half hours to three hours .
Chinese authorities are n't satisfied , however .
Spending on railroad construction increased 80 % over 2008 totals to reach $ 88 billion in 2009 .
It will climb to $ 120 billion this year and exceed $ 700 billion over the next decade .
The most ambitious focus of that investment is the expansion of China 's high-speed passenger rail .
Right now , China is the world 's leader with 6,552 km of high-speed tracks ( defined as those that can carry trains at speeds over 200 km/h . )
It plans to double that distance in two years .
At a time when infrastructure in the U.S. and Europe is aging fast , China 's railways may give it a competitive edge over the world 's leading economies .
Rail would move travelers around the country in large numbers at unprecedented speeds .
Smaller cities in the interior would grow in importance as ease of movement allows for longer journeys between them and jobs in larger centers .
Fresh passenger lines would also free up older tracks for more freight transport , sending raw materials and finished goods across the country more easily .
" Why is it like this " ?
asks Yang Zhongmin , the director general of the Ministry of Railways Development and Planning Department .
" Because we went through 30 years when [ rail ] development fell behind the national rate of growth .
So now we have to go faster " .
One of the aims is to help fulfill a long-term goal of developing China 's western regions , which have not kept pace with the eastern provinces and their export-led boom .
High-speed rail will enable growth in the interior " to be almost the same as what it is on the coast " , argues Jia Limin , a professor of what the Chinese term railway science at Beijing Jiaotong University .
" It will push western development much faster " .
The network is already creating a new class of intercity commuters .
" This train is really convenient " , says Lu Ke , a 30-year-old civil servant , as he makes a twice-weekly , 205-km/h run between his job in Hangzhou and his home in Shanghai  a 90-minute journey that cruises past factories , fishponds and new apartment complexes and costs $ 4.25 each way .
" In the past " , he recalls , " people would be wedged into here like chopsticks , standing in every available space and even squeezing beneath the seats " .
But critics worry that with more than half of China 's population still rural , spending billions on fancy rail projects is excessive  particularly as it comes a mere decade after the country embarked on building an equally impressive highway system .
For every white-collar commuter like Lu , there are dozens more migrant workers who need to make only two train trips a year  from their jobs on the coast to their inland hometowns to celebrate the Lunar New Year , then back again .
Earning as little as $ 100 a month , they can hardly afford a seat in the high-speed network 's plush carriages
( the journey from Wuhan to Guangzhou , for instance , starts at $ 72 . )
Although construction costs are cheap in China , high-speed railways are also much more expensive to build and maintain than standard railroads .
Fast-train networks have traditionally been built in smaller , developed nations like Japan , because they are best suited to travel between highly populated , closely located cities  not in a place like China , where large cities are spread out .
What 's more , many Chinese are perfectly willing to take slower , cheaper trains .
In an opinion piece in the China Daily published in April , Zhao Jian , a professor at Beijing Jiaotong University , wrote , " China 's per capita income is still relatively low and so is the economic value of time .
Cheap travel with basic comfort suits ordinary Chinese passengers , who do not want to spend three times as much for high-speed tickets just to save a few hours of travel time " .
The danger is not just that China ends up with a much better rail system than it needs at this point .
It 's that it incurs heavy debts in building it .
Massive infrastructural investments over the past year have helped China become the first major economy to pull out of the global economic crisis , but they could become a heavy burden if the recovery stumbles .
The current flagships of the high-speed-rail project , the Beijing-Tianjin line in the north , Wuhan-Guangzhou in the south and Zhengzhou-Xi'an in central China , will all face difficulties breaking even , according to Zhao .
When China 's grandiose highway projects ran into trouble during the Asian economic crisis of the late 1990s , the government was able to finance them thanks to strong export growth over the past decade .
Another export boom is less likely in the current global climate .
There is , however , the possibility that China could cushion the risk by exporting its rail expertise .
State media report that Beijing wants to expand high-speed rail to more than a dozen Asian nations , eventually building a high-speed grid that would link China to Europe .
Already , Chinese firms have begun to win key rail projects overseas .
Last year , Saudi Arabia awarded the $ 1.8 billion first phase of a high-speed rail link between Mecca and Medina to a consortium that includes the state-owned China Railway Construction Corporation .
Chinese companies are building high-speed-rail projects in Venezuela and Turkey , and the Ministry of Railways is even organizing a Chinese bid for California 's proposed $ 45 billion project to build a high-speed-rail network linking the southern and northern parts of the state .
The American train system could certainly use a boost .
It now has just one high-speed line in operation , Amtrak 's Acela Express between Boston and Washington , D.C. , which averages a measly 116 km /h .
That laggardness is n't lost on ordinary Chinese .
" Chinese trains have gotten so much better " , says Xu Wenhong , a 55-year-old schoolteacher traveling on the train from Hangzhou to Beijing to see his newborn granddaughter .
" Now even the U.S. is thinking of buying them " .
He smiles with satisfaction as we speed into the future at 200 km /h .
to help bring relief to thousands of mentally damaged soldiers
1. Behavioral Health Campus
To battle the growing ranks of soldiers struggling with the after-effects of war-related stress ,
the Army has opened close to 50 medical sites all over the world .
Perhaps the most advanced is located at Ft. Campbell in Kentucky , home of the 101st Airborne Division .
The base 's Warrior Resiliency and Recovery Center employs a variety of high-tech tools to help diagnose and manage soldiers ' mental health .
This virtual reality simulator recreates the experience of being in combat .
By seeing how soldiers handle the scenarios , the base 's medical team can monitor the progress of recovery .
2. Quantitative Electroencephalograph
A cap is placed on a soldier as part of a brain-wave analysis that checks for traumatic brain injury .
3. Virtual Dashboard
This simulator allows medical staff to observe soldiers as they make decisions in combat scenarios .
4. Balance-Management System
Distortion of balance is often a consequence of traumatic brain injury .
This device , called a NeuroCom Balance Manager , allows medical staff to track the loss of balance , and provide a way to measure the pace of recovery .
5. Testing Ear Trauma
The rotary chair is used to assess middle ear injury of soldiers who may have experienced a concussion .
Middle ear injury is a common and very disabling problem in traumatic brain injurie .
6. Light-Board Vision Test
In this test , soldiers who have been traumatized undergo a coordination study that assesses their vision and reaction times .
Though the fort 's mental health staff has grown from 31 in January 2008 to 95 today , it is still far from enough to handle all of the cases .
The Art of Solo Travel
Say that you have plans to travel and everyone around you will undoubtedly be jealous of your worldly adventures .
Say you 're going to travel alone , and you may very well be met with a few , " You 're crazy  " alongside the " I 'm so jealous " !
Be a woman , and those preconceived dangers and fears increase even more .
Thankfully , there 's a new e-book in town , The Art of Solo Travel , by seasoned globetrotter , Stephanie Lee .
It provides all the ins and outs of solo travel made especially for a the " un-average " female .
She is described as fiercely independent , determined and sometimes dead stubborn , seeking fulfillment through unconventional means , tired of the rat-race , unmotivated by money , a risk-taker , thirsty for the unknown , and with an impulsive streak at the guides beginning .
As such , I believe that this e-book , has global female appeal .
It is both well-written and well-researched ( through experience , of course , ) and provides a wealth of information .
It is divided into sections that lead the reader from start to finish of their own independent adventure .
Part titles include :
Preparing to go , Travel more , spend less , and Men , women , and other stuff , among others .
What I loved most about The Art of Solo Travel is it 's practicality and honesty .
Not once does she add to the fantastical allure of venturing across the globe without a care or companion .
Instead , she guides the reader through the difficult process , making sure to add a touch of realist optimism taken straight from her own positive memories
She warns about the feelings of awkwardness in Egypt , suggests packing condoms in the quintessential backpack , encourages a simpler less luxurious life pre-trip , gives the green light to buying chocolate bars in addition to nutritious snacks , and raves about the prospect of meeting and befriending awesome people no matter where you may be .
Stephanie Lee has certainly captured the intended " embrace your individuality and sense of adventure " spirit within the virtual pages of this girl 's guide .
Financial responsibilities and career-driven motivations may have put my cross-country road trip on hold but now the dreams of a solo travel across continents has also set up camp in my travel aspirations .
Hm  a round the world adventure via car , boat , and plane ?
The biting travel bug has reached a whole new level of damage .
I Love The Smell Of Death Threats In The Morning
Have n't gotten one of those in a while ;
I was starting to think I was losing my touch .
No , it 's clearly not serious .
Shanghai 's Peace Hotel back in the swing of things
The Chinese landmark , where the rich and famous partied , opened in 1929 and fell into disrepair after war broke out in 1937 . A $ 73-million renovation has updated its 1920s luxury for modern times .
Reporting from Shanghai  Charlie Chaplin stayed there .
Noel Coward wrote " Private Lives " from the comfort of one of the suites .
The all-night costume balls , boozy dinners and back-room business deals are things of legend in this city once known as the Paris of the Orient .
And then suddenly , with the outbreak of war , the party was over at the Peace Hotel .
There is no other landmark in Shanghai so closely associated with the city 's storied history .
The hotel 's heyday lasted a scant eight years , from its opening as the Cathay Hotel in 1929 to the outbreak of fighting between Japan and China in 1937 .
The hotel , along with much of Shanghai , fell into disrepair .
Today , it has returned to its boom-time roots .
After three years , $ 73 million worth of refurbishment and more than a few delays , a meticulously restored and updated Peace Hotel reopened last month , hoping to offer visitors the modern equivalent of 1920s luxury .
( At modern luxury prices : rooms start around $ 350 a night ) .
And , as the hotel presents its shining old face to the public , the realities of modern Shanghai have rarely been so clearly juxtaposed with a picture of the city 's freewheeling past .
" Shanghai is one of the most difficult cities in the world to interpret " , said Shanghai historian Peter Hibbard , who consulted on the refurbishment of the hotel .
" You never know what 's old or what 's new " .
The hotel itself , by Shanghai standards , is pretty clearly old .
It was opened by Victor Sassoon , a real estate tycoon whose family came to Shanghai on the wave of the opium trade .
His hotel was designed in a kind of Gothic Art Deco style , trimmed with black iron flourishes .
" It was a kind of austere Deco " , said Ian Carr , a principal at Hirsch Bedner Associates , the design company selected to lead the restoration project .
In 1937 , a bomb exploded in front of the building 's Nanjing Road entrance .
Japanese troops eventually made the Cathay one of several headquarters in their occupation of the city .
In 1956 , it was reopened as the Peace Hotel and catered to a clientele of visitors from the Soviet Union and other communist bloc allies .
Remodeling started up again in the 1980s , blurring the line between what was original and what was new .
Hotel rooms were renovated and made smaller .
The first floor was taken over by small shops .
A dingy roof was erected , hiding a domed glass ceiling .
It became dark and claustrophobic .
This was the state of things when Carr and HBA first arrived .
There was some difficulty in establishing what , exactly , the hotel had looked like in 1929 .
The group ran ads in the Shanghai Daily looking for mementos or photos that people may have collected over the years .
They tracked down the remaining Sassoon family in the Bahamas and sifted through piles of old party announcements .
Carr also faced the problem of an unmovable tenant .
Although the small shops on the first floor had been cleared out , state-owned China Telecom held fast to a set of second-floor offices .
Renovations had to be done around them .
All that separates the Art Deco lobby from the office space is a plate of opaque yellow glass , part of the famed domed ceiling .
" We were trying to negotiate 6 or 12 inches from their space so we could shield what was going on in their offices from our visitors " , Carr said with a sigh .
" If they lean their wet umbrellas on it , you can see it " .
Frequent masturbation helps on preventing prostate cancer
COM Masturbation can be a drug found to prevent prostate cancer .
Researchers suggest men to masturbate at least 12 times a month to remove a carcinogenic substance that can harm the male prostate gland .
Some natural health studies have suggested that many men to masturbate in order to avoid prostate cancer .
Researchers from Australia have conducted a survey of 1,000 men to know their sexual habits , especially masturbation .
And the result is indeed proven to prevent masturbation men from prostate cancer .
However , the key to prevent prostate cancer was not masturbation itself , but in the process of ejaculation .
Ejaculatory fluid allows the sperm that may be carcinogenic .
So , with ejaculation body can perform the cleaning process and the expenditure of toxic substances through the medium of sperm .
Based on a 2004 health care study , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association's health care information , to prevent the formation of prostate cancer , researchers suggested that a man ejaculated at least 12 times a month .
Researchers say that an increase in ejaculate as much as three times per week will directly reduce the risk of prostate cancer up to 15 percent .
In fact , men who do masturbate five times a week is very rarely known to suffer from prostate cancer later in life .
Processes that occur during masturbation ejaculation will remove accumulated toxic substances in the male prostate glands .
Prostate gland will release fluid into the semen when ejaculation which would enable the union of sperm and prevent toxic substances with sperm .
But the health information researchers recommend to masturbate only if it is not possible to have sex with their wives .
Because instead of doing masturbation , straight sex with a partner will be more healthful .
Masturbation known to be very effective in preventing prostate cancer , especially if done by men from the age of 20 years .
If not removed , toxic substances in the prostate gland , such as potassium , zinc , citric acid , 3-methylchloranthrene likely to be carcinogenic .
The point is simple , the more often you clean the ' pipes '  the fewer the bacteria that gather in it " , says Graham Giles from the Cancer Council Victoria , Melbourne , as quoted from the AskMen .
Treaty Brings Quick End to Spanish- American War The Battle of Manila in 1899 help push public opinion in America toward taking possession of the Philippines . The Spanish- American War took place in the late eighteen hundreds during the administration of President William McKinley .
On December tenth , eighteen ninety-eight , the United States and Spain signed a treaty in Paris officially ending the war between them .
However , the fighting had stopped much earlier .
Spain had made the first move toward peace after its forces surrendered at Santiago on the Cuban coast .
A few weeks before that , the United States Navy had destroyed Spain 's Atlantic fleet . The American naval victory ended any chance that Spain could win the war .
This week in our series , we continue the story of President William McKinley and the Spanish- American War .
Late in July , the French ambassador in Washington gave President William McKinley a message from the Spanish government .
Spain asked what terms the United States would demand for peace .
President McKinley sent an immediate answer .
Spain , he said , must give up Cuba .
It must also give to the United States the islands of Puerto Rico and Guam .
And he said Spain must recognize the right of the United States to occupy Manila in the Philippines .
The future of the Philippines , he said , would be decided during negotiations on a peace treaty .
McKinley 's terms seemed severe to Spain .
But Spain had no choice . It could not continue the war .
So , ten weeks after war broke out , Spain agreed to stop the fighting and accept the American terms .
It signed a peace agreement in Washington on August Twelfth .
A Spanish note protested sadly that the agreement took away the last memory of a glorious past .
" It expels us from the western hemisphere , which became peopled and civilized through the proud efforts of our fathers " .
The two countries agreed to meet in Paris to negotiate details of a peace treaty .
The talks opened October first .
But they could not agree on what to do about the Philippines .
At the beginning of the talks , the United States was not sure if it wanted all or only part of the Philippines .
At first , President McKinley wanted Spain to give up only Luzon , the main island . Then he decided that the United States should demand all of the Philippines .
McKinley explained later how he made this decision .
" I thought first we would take only Manila . Then Luzon . Then other islands , perhaps .
I walked the floor of the White House many nights . More than once , I went down on my knees and asked God to help me decide . "
And one night " , said McKinley , " It came to me this way : " That we could not give the Philippines back to Spain . That would be cowardly and dishonorable .
We could not turn them over to France or Germany , our trading competitors in Asia . That would be bad business .
They were not ready for self-government .
So , there was nothing for us to do but to take them all .
And to educate the Filipinos , to civilize them , and make Christians of them .
With that decision " , said McKinley , " I went to bed and slept well .
Spain , however , did not want to give up the Philippines . It protested that the United States had no right to demand the Islands . True , Americans occupied Manila . But they did not control any other part of the Philippines .
The two sides negotiated for days . Finally , they reached an agreement . Spain would give all of the Philippines to the United States . In return , the United States would pay Spain twenty-million dollars .
With this dispute ended , the peace treaty was quickly completed and signed .
But trouble developed when President McKinley sent the treaty to the United States Senate for approval .
Many Americans opposed the treaty .
They thought McKinley was wrong to take the Philippines .
Opponents of the treaty included former President Cleveland , industrialist Andrew Carnegie , labor leader Samuel Gompers , writer Mark Twain , and others .
A cartoon showing William McKinley , right , trying to raise the United States flag over the Philippines , while William Jennings Bryan tries to chop it down .
They organized anti- imperialist groups in many cities to oppose the treaty .
They made speeches and published newspapers explaining their opposition .
Imperialism , they said , had ruined ancient Rome . And it would ruin the American republic .
They said colonies halfway around the world would be costly to protect .
A large army and navy would be needed .
They said colonial policies violated important democratic ideas upon which the United States had been built .
We went to war with Spain , they said , to free Cuba from its colonial masters .. not to make ourselves masters of the Philippines .
Republican Henry Cabot Lodge of Massachusetts led the Senate fight for the treaty .
The opposition was led by the other Massachusetts senator , George Hoar , also a Republican .
Senator Lodge appealed to national pride .
He urged the Senate not to pull down the American flag .
Rejection of the treaty , he said , would dishonor the president and the country .
It would show that we are not ready as a nation to enter into great questions of foreign policy .
Senator Albert Beveridge of Ohio also spoke in support of the treaty .
Senator Beveridge said the Pacific would be of great importance in coming years .
Therefore , he said , the power that rules the Pacific will be the power that rules the world .
And , with the Philippines , that power is -- and forever will be  the United States .
Senator Hoar spoke strongly against the treaty .
He said that taking over the Philippines would be a dangerous break with America 's past .
He said the greatest thing the United States had was its tradition of freedom .
To take the Philippines , he said , would deny that tradition .
It would violate the Constitution and the ideas contained in the Declaration of Independence : the idea that all men are created equal .. and that government exists only with the permission of the governed .
The Senate vote on the treaty was set for February sixth .
It seemed that the opposition had enough votes to reject it .
But several things happened before the vote .
William Jennings Bryan , the leader of the Democratic Party , opposed the take-over of the Philippines .
But he urged Democratic senators to vote for the treaty .
Bryan was looking ahead to the presidential election in nineteen hundred .
He believed that the Philippines ' takeover would cause the United States nothing but trouble .
He could put the blame for all the trouble on the Republicans .
Then -- if he was elected president -- the Democrats could give the Philippines their independence .
Bryan succeeded in getting seventeen Democrats and Populists in the Senate to vote for the treaty .
Two days before the vote was taken , violence broke out in the Philippines .
President McKinley , without waiting for the Senate to act , ordered the American military government in Manila to extend its control throughout the Philippines .
The leader of the Philippine rebels , Emilio Aquinaldo , opposed the order .
Rebel forces prepared to fight .
On the night of February fourth , thirty thousand rebels attacked American forces around Manila .
Sixty Americans were killed , and more than two hundred seventy were wounded .
Rebel losses were much higher .
News of the rebel attack caused some Senators to change their minds about the Philippines .
Some who had opposed the treaty now agreed with the Washington Star newspaper that " the Filipinos must be taught to obey . "
Eighty-four Senators were present for the vote on the treaty .
To pass , the treaty needed a two- thirds majority -- fifty-six votes .
One by one , the Senators voted .
Then the count was announced .
Fifty-seven of the lawmakers had voted yes .
Only twenty-seven had voted no .
The treaty was approved .
The Philippines belonged to the United States .
Sales of U.S. previously owned homes in June dropped less than forecast , sustained by a backlog of deals that will dry up when a government credit expires .
Purchases slipped for a second month , falling 5.1 percent to a 5.37million annual rate , figures from the National Association of Realtors showed today in Washington .
Transactions will be " very low " in coming months as the federal incentive ends , the group's chief economist , Lawrence Yun , said in a news conference .
Other reports showed the economic outlook dimmed and more Americans filed applications for unemployment benefits , reinforcing signs of slowing growth .
The data show why Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S . Bernanke reiterated today that central bankers stand ready to take additional action if the world's largest economy " doesn't continue to improve " .
" The overall picture is one of a very weak recovery " , said Joshua Shapiro , chief U.S. economist at Maria Fiorini Ramirez Inc . in New York . " Housing still has a lot of problems , and the labor market is going to be painfully slow .
The message from Bernanke is pretty much that they're not going to do anything on tightening until God knows when " .
to AT&amp;T Inc .
The Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index climbed 2.4 percent to 1,095.63 at 1 : 25 p.m. in New York .
Oil topped $ 78 a barrel and copper rose for a fourth day .
Exceeds Forecast Existing home sales were expected to decline to a 5.1million pace , according to the median forecast of 74 economists in a Bloomberg News survey .
Estimates ranged from 4.25million to 6.2million .
May 's sales rate was 5.66million , unrevised from the previous estimate .
The Conference Board 's index of leading indicators fell 0.2 percent in June , the second drop in the past three months , according to figures from the New York- based research group .
The gauge points to the direction of the economy over the next three to six months .
" We're looking at a very subdued recovery " , said Harm Bandholz , chief U.S. economist at UniCredit Group in New York , who forecast the 0.2 percent decline . " Companies are still very cautious to hire " .
Initial jobless claims jumped by 37,000 to 464,000 in the week ended July 17 , exceeding the highest estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg News , Labor Department figures showed .
Claims were projected to climb to 445,000 , and estimates ranged from 420,000 to 460,000 .
Facebook 's population is now larger than that of the U.S. , Mexico and France combined .
The world's largest social networking site announced Wednesday that it has hit a widely anticipated milestone , signing up its 500millionth user .
In a blog post , Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said he " could have never imagined all of the ways people would use Facebook when we were getting started 6 years ago " .
In a video message , Zuckerberg thanked Facebook users and told them " you really have created a worldwide movement " .
To show off its international reach , Facebook launched a new application Wednesday called Facebook Stories .
The app lets users recount their own stories and read others ' posts , filtered by theme and geographic location .
The speed with which Facebook hit the 500million mark is a sign of its accelerating growth .
Launched in early 2004 , it took Facebook nearly four years to add its first 100million users , but only five months to add its most recent batch .
Around 70 % of the current user base for the Palo Alto , Calif , . company now comes from outside the U.S.
China 's giant , quiet step in space By Leroy Chiao , Special to CNN June 29 , 2012 -- Updated 1247 GMT ( 2047 HKT ) A view from Shenzhou- 9 spacecraft as it prepares to link with the Tiangong- 1 module .
STORY HIGHLIGHTS Leroy Chiao :
China 's first manned space docking in June was a giant step for the country Chiao :
We celebrated SpaceX's mission , but were notably quieter about China 's mission He says :
We downplay China 's accomplishments at our own peril Chiao :
We don't need another space race , but we must not lose our leadership in space Editor's note :
Leroy Chiao is a former NASA astronaut and commander of the International Space Station .
He served as a member of the 2009 Review of U.S. Human Spaceflight Plans Committee , and is the special adviser for human spaceflight to the Space Foundation .
( CNN ) -- In May , SpaceX became the first of the new generation of commercial aerospace companies to deliver cargo to the International Space Station .
The cargo delivery was part of the first flight test of the integrated Falcon- 9 launch vehicle and the Dragon capsule spacecraft with rendezvous and berthing mechanism systems .
By all accounts , the major test objectives were successfully achieved .
Previously , such spacecraft and operations had only been achieved by governments .
What made this a historic first was that a commercial company had done it .
The news was widely covered in the international media , especially in the United States .
One month later , China launched its fourth crewed space mission , Shenzhou- 9 .
This was also a history- making flight , in that China , which had in 2003 become only the third nation capable of launching astronauts into space ( and is now only one of two , since the retirement of the U.S. space shuttle in 2011 , ) demonstrated crewed rendezvous and docking to their orbital module , Tiangong- 1 .
The crew also featured China 's first female astronaut .
They spent several days docked to Tiangong- 1 conducting various operations , before safely returning to Earth on Thursday night .
China 's mission was widely covered in the international media , but the coverage in the United States was notably quieter than that of SpaceX .
This is somewhat understandable , as SpaceX is an American company .
But the sentiment of many in the United States is that the Chinese mission was a big " So what " ?
After all , the United States and Soviet governments had demonstrated crewed docking missions back in the 1960s , and operationally , China is still far behind .
The difference in U.S. attitudes toward these two accomplishments is striking .
This is especially interesting given the relative positions of the two .
SpaceX is off to an impressive start , but it will be several years from now before they ( and / or other commercial players ) could have an operational , crewed orbital spacecraft .
China , on the other hand , has a relatively mature human spaceflight program that is nearly a decade old .
We downplay China 's accomplishments at our own peril .
That the United States and the Soviet Union demonstrated crewed rendezvous and docking operations more than 40 years ago is not the point .
The point is , now the Chinese can do it , too .
China 's first crewed space docking was a giant step .
It enables the Chinese to build and operate their own space station , establish the technology that is necessary to efficiently send astronauts to the moon and beyond , build and operate fuel depots , and construct vehicles and bases in space .
The commercial efforts to low Earth orbit , which SpaceX achieved , are only a piece of the U.S. space program .
The other much larger piece is exploration of deeper space .
This is the domain of government space agencies .
In this , the United States must not scale back .
I have seen China 's space technology .
It is impressive .
What the Chinese lack is operational experience .
In that , we are still far ahead .
But we in the know hear footsteps .
It 's time not for another government space race , but for expanded space cooperation and collaboration -- an effort the United States would lead , as it does today with the International Space Station program .
Bring China into the international fold .
This is how we can retain the leadership position .
Otherwise , we risk falling behind .
Pain , resentment , guilt , anger , and fear all of these feelings bubble up inside of us when we think back on our mistakes or the mistakes of those dear to us .
Sometimes the only healthy way to move forward is to look back at our past and inject forgiveness into our lives .
Some say " forgive and forget " .
Others say " forgive , but never forget " .
No matter which path you choose , the act of forgiving is the first step .
Here are three simple ways to bring more forgiveness into your life .
Forgive Yourself
In general , we tend to be harder on ourselves than we are on others .
If you 've made mistakes in the past , it 's time to let your spirit heal by forgiving yourself .
We all do things we aren't proud of .
Understand that you were doing the best you could at the time , with the experiences and knowledge you had accessible to you .
Self- forgiveness tips :
Pick an area of your life you would like to work on . It could be failed relationships , family problems , or business mistakes .
Make a list of all of the people you might have hurt along the way .
This is the toughest part because we tend to bury some of these stressful memories .
So be honest with yourself and take your time .
After you've compiled your list , systematically go through each person on the list .
Think about the situation , validate the circumstances , and forgive yourself for hurting them .
As odd as it may feel , apologize aloud to yourself , " I forgive myself for hurting this person " , and take a deep breath .
Once you 've completed this practice you 'll instantly feel a slight sense of relief .
Remember , the simple act of acknowledging your mistakes is always half the battle .
Ask for Forgiveness
Once you forgive yourself , it 's also important to clear the air with others .
A face to face apology is always the most effective approach .
Depending on the situation , you might be afraid to ask for forgiveness .
But if you don 't ask , you will never feel the relief of being pardoned for your mistakes .
If you absolutely can 't bring yourself to ask for forgiveness in person , I still recommend writing a letter of forgiveness .
The reason writing a letter works so well is that the process of writing the letter actually assists you in forgiving yourself by reducing pent-up , internal feelings of guilt .
It lets you express your thoughts and process all of the internal drama that has bottled-up in your mind .
Tips for writing your letter of forgiveness :
Do n't do it out of spite , or because you think it will elevate you to higher moral ground .
No good ever arises from deception .
Realize that a letter can 't undo the damage .
A letter of forgiveness might not be enough to change your relationship with the recipient , but it 's a significant step in the right direction .
Explain your rationale , but do n't make excuses for your behavior .
Own up to your actions and take responsibility .
Offer to fix the situation , or find a way to make it up to the person .
Make a sincere wish for the well-being of the person you hurt .
After many years of festering emotions , you may have come to hate the act of thinking about this person .
Stop being selfish !
It's time to be honest and compassionate .
Hopefully , just writing the letter will allow you to move closer to a positive resolution on all fronts .
Forgive Others
If you 've been hurt in the past , you do n't need to keep suffering .
Whether or not you 've gotten closure is irrelevant .
You have the ultimate power to clear the air by simply forgiving those who have hurt you .
You should make a list of all of the people who have done something that still troubles you to this day .
The list might start out small , but as you unwind your memories you are bound to find more people and incidents than you were previously aware of .
Your mind represses these memories in an effort to preserve your conscious sanity .
The drawback is that you probably have n't processed these events properly .
So while you are n't actively thinking about them , they are quietly tugging at your consciousness and robbing you of mental energy .
Tips for forgiving others :
Close your eyes and picture the person standing in front of you .
In your mind's eye , explain to them how you felt then , how you feel now , and what happened during those hurtful times .
After you 've stated your views , let them acknowledge your pain .
Watch their reactions and wait for a response .
There 's a good chance they will understand your point of view .
Then hug them and tell them that you forgive them .
Yes ! Really do this with all of your emotional might , it 's a powerful process !
Release them from your troubled past and let your thoughts come back to the present .
After completing only a few of these processes , you 'll find yourself breathing deeper and interacting differently with these people .
Regardless of whether or not they are still a part of your daily life , you will forever see them in a more positive light which will ultimately make your future brighter .
Shed transformed into a pub crowned Britain 's best in annual competition
Share John Plumridge does n't need to go to his local to enjoy a pint - he simply walks down his garden into his amazing shed .
He spent four years converting the structure into a cosy ' pub shed ' with a bar , tables and chairs and more than 500 real ale bottles and 110 ciders on display .
Mr Plumridge , from Shrewsbury , beat more than 2,000 entries to win  1,000 and see his creation named 2012 Shed of the Year in the competition sponsored by Cuprinol .
Beer garden :
John Plumridge will be raising a glass in his ' Woodhenge ' Pub shed as it is crowned the winner of the 2012 Shed of the Year Cosy :
Inside the pub shed , which boasts more than 500 real ales and 110 ciders on display He said his Woodhenge Pub Shed was ' a great venue for family and friends to party in  and we have n't got too far to get home . '
John Plumridge behind the bar of his impressive shed pub in Shrewsbury .
The humble garden shed has offered Brits a sanctuary from the stresses of family life for decades , but the Shropshire sheddie has taken the concept to new heights with his quaintly named Woodhenge Pub Shed .
Mr Plumridge completed it with a beer bottle collection of more than 500 real ales and 110 ciders , all on display for local sheddies who often pop by for a swift pint .
Mr Plumridge , from Shrewsbury , said :
 When I was told I 'd won the competition , I was absolutely thrilled .
Normally I 'm a very chatty and jovial person , but I did find myself lost for words and I must confess to having ' shed ' a tear .
I 've been working on ' Woodhenge ' for around four years now and have enjoyed every minute of it .
I ca n't even hazard a guess at the cost involved , but it's a great venue for our family and friends to party in and the good thing is we have n't got too far to get home . 
The winner was announced to launch the start of National Shed Week today .
In preparation for the accolade , shed obsessed Brits up and down the country have spent the last year restoring , renovating and patiently pottering in preparation for the annual celebration of their garden getaways .
The Shed of the year judges included ' Head Sheddie ' and creator of the competition Uncle Wilco , property guru and shed fan Sarah Beeny , author Neil Gaiman , self-proclaimed sheddie and author of Shedworking Alex Johnson , and 2011 winner Jon Earl .
Sarah Beeny said :
 Shed of the Year is a great inspiration and clearly encourages people to get creative with their sheds.
First past the post :
The winner of the Cabin/ Summerhouse category was awarded to John Williams from Halstead , Essex for his Colne Valley Postal History Museum Shed .
 I am really happy that a pub shed has won after I created my own Kings Head pub shed for Cuprinol , which is currently on display in Rufford Park in Nottingham.
Hopefully others will be inspired to create their own sheddy haven too .
More ..
John 's pub shed which won the pub shed category went on to beat off stiff competition from the winners of the seven other competition categories including Normal , Eco , Garden Office , Cabin/ Summerhouse , Workshop /Studio , Unique , Pub and Tardis .
Unique shed of the year went to the owner of this floating water shed , Geoff Hill from Aberdyfi .
Gwynedd Kathryn Ledson , Cuprinol 's marketing manager , said :
 This years Shed of the Year competition has seen some of the quirkiest entries ever , proving that the humble shed is no longer just a convenient storage solution and is now an important addition to the home . 
Cuprinol's recent celebrity sheddies , Vic Reeves , Sarah Beeny , Joanne Harris , Alex Johnson and Christian O'Connell , have proven to be true inspirations as entries have flooded in from budding sheddies across the nation .
We are proud to award the prize to this worthy winner who has created something which is fast becoming a British institution - a pub at the end of your garden .
With more than 15million shed owners in the UK , there were ' shed ' loads of entries .
Those in London submitted the most shed entries ( 63 ) followed by 42 sheddies in Kent then those in Lancashire and Essex with 35 shed entries each .
And it was the Garden Office category which proved the most popular this year seeing more than 125 entries - perhaps not surprisingly as 29 per cent 1 of people now admit to using their favourite outdoor hideout as a place to work .
Impressive :
The Garden Office Shed category win was scooped by Paula Landlocked in Birmingham for her Bostin Betty Shed Read more :
http // :
www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2167422/Shed-transformed-pub-crowned-Britains-best-annual-competition.html#ixzz1zSeAGppO
You can become a spiritual leader to your children by developing the characteristics that evident in Jesus as he taught his disciples for three years .
He taught them that the Word of God is our foundation .
It 's what we build our lives on and it 's what our children should build their lives on .
God 's Word is the truth , and Jesus said , " ..
You will know the truth , and the truth will set you free " .
I want my kids to be free :
I do n't want them bound up by guilt . I do n't want them bound up by worry .
I do n't want my kids messed up by resentment . I do n't want them to be pressured by the expectations of others .
There 's only one way to help your kids be free :
Teach them the Truth that will set them free . Teach them that , when you build your life on God 's Word , then you live a life of genuine freedom .
A life built on God 's Truth is filled with happiness , joy , passion and purpose .
You will spare your kids an awful lot of headaches and heartaches and heartbreaks if you teach them to rely on God 's Word as the sole authority for their lives .
God expects you to be the primary teacher of His word and that means you have to know God 's Word yourself !
Like many people , you may need to catch up by getting into a Bible study .
Then , teach your children to study the Bible for themselves .
Jesus said , " I gave them the message that you gave me , and they received it ;
they know that it is true that I came from you , and they believe that you sent me " .
Trada - a crowdsourced solution for creating keyword- based pay- per- click ( PPC ) ad campaigns
Today , Trada is getting a huge leg-up from Bing 's competition as Google Ventures has invested over $ 4million , leading the company 's latest round of funding . Joining Google in the Series C round is Foundry Group , whose $ 1.5M investment mark's the Bouler firms third investment with Trada .
Trada allows small businesses and large ad agencies to run search marketing campaigns across Google , Yahoo! and Bing with the help of the company 's rapidly expanding community of paid search experts .
Trada now boasts over 500 total search experts , and says another 300 are on a waiting list to participate .
Over 200 business and agencies currently use trada , 55 of which signed up just last month . Of those that joined in June , a full quarter came from large ad agencies .
New Cash , New Goals The $ 5.75 million C round brings Trada's total fundraising to just under $ 8 million .
New Cash , New Goals The $ 5.75 million C round brings Trada 's total fundraising to just under $ 8 million .
Robertson says the company has been extremely tight budgeted thus far , spending just $ 2 million over the last two years . The sudden influx of cash will give the company breathing room to expand and try some new things , he says .
First , the company plans to help provide improved and tailored services to both its large agency customers and its smaller business customers .
Currently , Trada accepts international customers and experts in the U.K. , Australia and Canada , but has yet to brand out to non-English speaking countries .
Lastly , as part of the company's long-term goals , Trada is looking to extend its crowdsourced PPC ad model to other forms of online advertisements .
Lastly , as part of the company 's long-term goals , Trada is looking to extend its crowdsourced PPC ad model to other forms of online advertisements .
Now the company realizes that other ad styles - including display , banner , mobile and video ads - can also work on this model .
The company also expects to allow for campaigns on newer ad platforms , like Facebook and Twitter in the near future .
The Google Bump Google piece of the funding comes from Google Ventures , the company 's investment arm .
Rich Miner , one of the original co-founders of Android , has been on boards with Robertson in the past
Miner joins Robertson and Foundry Group's Seth Levine as members of Trada's board .
Miner joins Robertson and Foundry Group 's Seth Levine as members of Trada 's board .
As Robertson added , Google likes to make sure that " all boats rise with the tide " when it comes to its investments .
The relationship will also not affect or limit the services which Trada offers to its customers , said Robertson .
The fresh cash certainly puts a smile on the faces at Trada , but out of everything , Robertson is most excited for the crowdsourcing community at large .
The fresh cash certainly puts a smile on the faces at Trada , but out of everything , Robertson is most excited for the crowdsourcing community at large .
" We 're really happy to have another significant venture firm taking a position in the crowdsourcing ecosystem " , said Robertson , who heads an information group of similar companies known as the Crowdsortium .
U.S. stocks dropped sharply as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke called the economic outlook " unusually uncertain " and after mixed earnings results from household names including Coca-Cola Co . and Apple Inc .
" Even though the markets should have been prepared for the downgraded economic outlook , the Fed chief 's acknowledgment has weighed on stocks " , noted analysts at Action Economics .
The trio of blue chips that remained higher were led by Coca-Cola / quotes/comstock/13 ! * ko / quotes/nls/ko ( KO 53.96 , + 0.72 , + 1.35 % ) ,
its shares up 1.8 % after the world 's biggest drinks maker reported selling more soft drinks and juices in every part of the globe other than Europe during the second quarter
Investors weighed disappointing results from Yahoo Inc . and upbeat earnings from Apple , which late Tuesday reported results showing it continues to outrun rivals in selling computers , tablets and phones "
The earnings reports continue to be good , but not great " , Fred Dickson , chief market strategist at Davidson Cos , . said of Wall Street's tentative reaction .
The financial sector drew an early lift after Wells Fargo &amp; Co . and Morgan Stanley reported quarterly results .
energy companies fronted declines that extended to all 10 of the S&amp;P 's industry groups , with Hess Corp . and Massey Energy Co . among the hardest hit , with Hess off 4.2 % and Massey down 3.2%.
American Airlines parent AMR Corp . posted a narrower second- quarter loss as fares rose and said it will buy 35 Boeing Co . 737-800 jets to replace its less fuel - efficient MD-80s .
The second- largest U.S. carrier also promoted Tom Horton to president , and said Bella Goren will replace him as chief financial officer , according to a statement today .
The changes were announced as the Fort Worth , Texas-based company reported a loss of $ 10.7 million , or 3 cents a share , larger than the 1-cent average estimate of 13 analysts surveyed .
American may be the only major U.S. airline to report a loss this quarter , based on analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg .
While fares and traffic rose , the carrier 's fuel costs also climbed 24 percent to $ 1.66 billion , making it AMR 's second-largest expense behind wages and benefits .
" Though increased fuel prices added dramatically to our expenses this quarter , we made substantial progress improving our financial performance " ,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gerard Arpey , 51 , said in the statement .
Arpey is giving up the title of president to Horton , 49 ,
who initially joined the airline's finance unit in 1985 .
Horton left for about four years starting in 2002 to serve as finance chief and vice chairman of what is now AT&amp;T Inc , .
then came back to the airline in 2006 .
AMR 's revenue in the quarter rose 16 percent to $ 5.7 billion as the carrier flew more passengers at higher fares .
The loss a year earlier was $ 390 million , or $ 1.39 a share .
43 p.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The shares fell 11 percent this year before today .
Cholesterol screening for US children could save lives NewScientise 17 July 2010
HUNDREDS of premature deaths from coronary heart disease could be prevented each year in the US if every child had their cholesterol levels checked at age 11 .
That 's according to William Neal of West Virginia University in Morgantown , and colleagues ,
who say that current methods of only testing children if high cholesterol runs in the family misses a third of those who would benefit from treatment .
Evidence suggests that treating children with elevated cholesterol reduces their risk of coronary heart disease later in life .
Neal used data from a screening scheme introduced for all state school pupils aged 10 or 11 in West Virginia in 2000 .
Of 20,266 children , 268 had cholesterol levels that merited consideration for cholesterol- lowering statins .
One-third of these children would have been missed if current screening guidelines focusing on family history alone were applied ( Pediatrics , DOI : 10.1542/peds.2009-2546 ) .
But critics say this does not justify the cost :
" More than 90 per cent of children in this study did not have high cholesterol , making [ universal screening ] difficult to justify " , says Ellen Mason , a senior cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation .
You 've probably seen a lot of articles already ( including here at eHow ) on making money on the internet .
This one pulls it all together , and separates the good , the bad , and the ugly .
You CAN make money online , and NO , not everything out there is a scam .
I 'll be updating this regularly ( most recent update is Winter 2011 , ) so you might want to bookmark it , and check in once a month or so .
Instructions
1 Read this , just for a bit of inspiration I make about $ 3,500 a month on the internet .
Not quite enough for me and my family to live on , but a nice addition to my income just the same .
It 's pretty easy , and pretty quick , to get a SMALL income stream started .
It takes time and effort to build it up .
Might as well get started today .
2 Take stock of what you have to offer .
If you are a writer , programmer , designer , or photographer , there are oodles of opportunities for you .
If you have a speciality of any sort -- carpentry , raising kids , planning vacations or weddings , playing Guitar Hero 3 -- you can get paid for your expertise .
Even if you think all you can offer is time , there are plenty of opportunities for you as well .
3 Scan the available steps .
I 've listed a lot of options in the steps that follow , all of them legitimate .
Pick the one that seems the best fit for you and your skills , and start exploring .
4 Freelance Work
If you have a skill to offer , check out the various freelance sites ( sometimes called " personal outsourcing , ) " like elance.com and guru.com ( see the Resources section for the links I mention . )
You can post your skills at these sites , so potential customers can check you out , and you can also look around for freelance projects that others have posted .
There are tons of opportunities for freelancers , in very varied fields . Common projects , though , are writing , computer or graphics design work , creating web pages , programming , writing brochures or reports , illustration , photography , and so on .
Pay can be pretty good , especially after you 've earned a quality rating at one or more of the freelancing sites .
At the same time , though , keep in mind that you 're competing with freelancers from around the world .
Take a look at the " How Elance Works " video on their main page to get a quick overview .
5 Try Writing Web Content
There are a quite a number of ways to take your skill as a writer and turn it into cash .
One of them is right here at eHow . Write brief " How to " articles on any topic of your choosing , and get paid for the article .
The more popular the article , the more income you can expect .
A good article will bring in $ 50 per year or more . Write 10 top-notch articles , and that 's $ 500 .
To my mind , it is the best income generating opportunity available .
Google the term ' ehow101 ' to learn more about how to make it work .
UPDATE :
eHow is now run through its parent company , Demand Media Studios ( DMS . )
If you want to apply to write for eHow or other DMS properties , or to be an editor , check out the freelancer's application at demandmedia.com.
6 Write Product Review
ConsumerSearch.com , a site owned by the N.Y. Times , pays freelance writers a minimum of $ 350 per article for product reviews .
While that sounds like good money ( and it is .. and you can earn even more than that , ) !
their particular brand of reviews requires good research and writing skills , and takes a lot of work .
Check ' em out at consumersearch.com/jobs.
7 More writing opportunities
-- At SoftwareJudge.com , write reviews of select software products .. top reviews earn up to $ 50 each .
-- Product Reviews . You may be familiar with epinions.com , but did you know they pay cash for good quality reviews .
You wo n't get rich , but you can get started . --
Suggest domain names according to site descriptions at Pickydomains.com Get $ 25 for each name that is chosen . --
At Xomba.com , write anything you feel like , and collect 50 % of any advertising income from Adsense clicks on your page . --
Become a fledgling journalist at examiner.com , and cover a special topic area in your neck of the woods .. they pay pretty well . --
Other writing sites include associatedcontent.com , firehow.com , helium.com , and Squidoo .
8 Check out Q&amp;A Sites
I earn much of my income as an online researcher , answering folks questions on everything under the sun : investments , market research , divorce law , homework help .. you name it .
If this sounds like your cup of tea , here are some resources to explore : --
The Association of Independent Information Professionals ( aiip.org ) can help you build you own Q&amp;A website and business .
I 've built my research business at xooxleanswers.com , and it is a steadily growing source of income for me . --
I also work with Uclue.com Though they are not accepting new researchers right now , it 's worth a look to see how a well-developed Q&amp;A site works . --
Another Q&amp;A site is JustAnswer , and they offer small payments for answers to questions .
9 Earn money from your own blog or website
The key is to generate as much traffic as you can , and to have your visitors click on ads and affiliate links .
The more people visiting your site , clicking on ads , and buying affiliate products , the more income you can earn .
As good as this sounds , income is generally more a trickle than a flood . But again , steadily building your site ( or sites , ) and building traffic , is the key to generating a steadily growing stream of income .
Google Adsense is the most commonly used service for placing banner and text ads on blogs and websites . As I 've learned to maximize Adsense income over the years , I 've come to recognize this as one of the best income- generating opportunities available .
You can also incorporate in-text ads ( the colored , underlined text with small pop-up ads . )
I like InfoLinks.com for this , and Kontera.com is another commonly used service .
Affiliate ads usually pay whenever a sale is made for a product . Amazon.com has one of the most well-known affiliate programs that all you to sell books or other Amazon products on your site or blog , and earn a cut of the sale .
10 Blog With the Best of Them If you do n't have a site of your own , starting a blog is pretty easy at sites like Blogger.com , and Wordpress.com.
Blogs make money through online advertising and affiliate sales ,
such as through the Amazon.com affiliates program . Blogger makes it very simple to automatically place Google Adsense ads on your blog .
Also , at Orble.com , you can take ownership of an abandoned blog with a specific focus , like Film , or Travel , and collect a portion of the ad revenues .
The advantage of this is that the blog is already well-represented in search engines , and can often generate much more traffic than a new blog of your own .
See Orble under the Resource links for more information .
11 Sell your photos
At sites like istockphoto.com and shutterpoint.com you can upload still photos or videos for sale , and receive a royalty payment every time someone makes use of your content .
12 Take Online Surveys
I mention survey work with a good deal of trepidation .. the surveys are tedious , the pay is meager ,
and there are many sites that are dubious , or out and out scams .
The most legitimate operation I know is GlobalTestMarket.com. They offer real surveys , and they pay real money . Again .. tedious , and earning takes a long , long time .
CashCrate.com also pays users to take online surveys . They strike me as legitimate , but I confess , I do n't have any first-hand experience with it , so approach with caution ..
SurveyScout.com is another possibility , but unlike CashCrate , they charge a membership fee before you can get started ( Boo . ) ! I 've also heard some negative feedback from users of this site , so proceed with caution ( if you proceed at all . ) !
13 Teaching and Tutoring
Search on [ Online tutoring ] and you 'll uncover dozens of sites in this booming corner of the internet .
Many accept applications for online tutors , with variable rates and topic areas .
Two to consider are tutor.com and ehomeworkhelp.com
14 Check into online " Jury Duty " Here 's an odd one .
Lawyers looking for feedback on how a case will play before a jury can make use of online e-jury sites to solicit input from the type of average citizens that show up on juries .
Yes , you get paid .
Fees for complex cases can run over $ 50 , though $ 20 is more typical .
To serve as an online juror , check out onlineverdict.com , or trialpractice.com.
Be aware , though , that none of the sites I 've registered at has ever actually contacted me for a jury case , so I 'm not sure just how active these services are .
If anyone knows more about them , please leave a remark in the Comments .
15 Become a virtual office assistant
At TeamDoubleClick , you can sign on for temporary jobs as an office assistant , handling correspondence , emails , bookkeeping , data entry , and other office jobs .
Think of it as an online temp agency for virtual work .
Pay is varied , but you are not obliged to take jobs that do n't meet your financial needs .
16 Play games
At moola.com , you can get paid to play .
This is probably the strangest one yet , and I ca n't personally vouch for it ( I 've only tinkered with the site , ) but it looks legitimate .
Moola starts you off by giving you a penny , which you can then double , and double again , through a variety of games and activities .
Presumably , they make oodles of money through ads , and are willing to throw some of it your way by participating in their zany set of games and marketing gimmicks .
They call themselves a " Massively Multiplayer Rewards Game . "
It 's too complicated to explain here , but worth a look .
17 Participate in crowdsource design "
Crowdsourcing " is the buzzword for getting a lot of people to do your work for you .
If you 're good at designing things like t-shirts , logos , fancy fonts , and other graphics , take a look at the challenges at designs.com and threadless.com.
If your design is chosen , you can collect hundreds or even thousands of dollars .
18 More blogging opportunities
How does $ 100 a month sound for writing a few blog posts every week . That 's what you can be paid ( actual range is $ 84-140 ) if you get accepted as a blogger at Creative Weblogging .
They are a large blog network , and seem to have mastered the art of monetizing their many sites .
All they need are people to write them , and keep the content fresh .
19 Earn with any type of content
Blogging , articles , photos , video , you name it .
Flixya offers 100 % of ad revenue to anyone who posts at their website ( you need to have your own Google Adsense account to participate . )
Words , pictures , videos , whatever ya got .
( Have n't tried it yet myself , but Flixya has a good reputation . )
20 Just Visit
Another site that pays for content is mylot.com , but they also promise earnings everytime you use the site . !
Have n't given them a test run yet , so use them with caution , but they seem worth exploring , at least .
If you have experience with them , please post a comment , below .
21 Listen to music
At slicethepie.com , you can get paid for listening to music . Say what !! Yep , listen to upcoming artists , and review their music . The more reviews you write -- and the better you are at spotting new talent -- the more you can get paid .
Some folks are pulling in several dollars per review .
22 Typing and Dictation
If you have good typing skills , consider Speak-Write.com , an online dictation service .
23 Stay focused
You can participate in online focus groups at 2020research.com , where you review a product you 've used , or discuss an issue of interest to you .
Payment ranges from about $ 50-150 per session .
Participants are typically asked to join a group once or twice a year .
24 Work for Google Ha , ha .. couldn't resist .
This online encylopedia-like site is a place where anyone can contribute content , and you can " monetize " your efforts by placing Adsense ads on your article to generate revenue .
I wrote a Knol about eHow . You can see it by searching on the term ehow101 .
25 Review websites for usability
You can get paid for reviewing websites . Usertesting.com pays $ 10 per website review , where you provide feedback on quality and usability .
It 's not open-ended ..
26 Earn money reading emails Really ! Of course , there are ads involved , and you might be asked to click a few things , but it 's not difficult .
Expect to get 5-10 emails a day ( more , if you register multiple email addresses , ) and earn a few pennies per email .
Check out InboxDollars.com.
27 Try a little bit of everything
Genuinejobs.com is a legitimate work-at-home ( telecommuting ) site that lists hundreds of jobs , none of which require a fee , and many of which can be done online .
Registration is simple .. worth checking out .
28 Write for the NY Times Really !
The Times owns two sites that regularly hire writers .
minimum pay is $ 350 per write-up , and they do a lot of hiring .
About.com , another Times property , hires writers as guides .
These positions , paying $ 725/month or more , are tough to get , but worth looking into .
29 And do n't forget ..
At the risk of repeating myself , eHow is just about the best opportunity out there .
Although getting on board through Demand Media Studios takes more work than at the eHow of old , it 's still worth the effort .
James Cameron on the Future of Cinema
James Cameron , with Sigourney Weaver , Joel Moore and Sam Worthington , is in command on the set of Avatar .
The director of Avatar and Terminator talks about future sequels , 3-D television and Hollywood in 2050
Many believe that Avatar , the largely computer- generated , 3-D film by James Cameron and the top-grossing movie in history , earning nearly $ 3 billion worldwide has changed the moviegoing experience .
Like Avatar , Cameron 's 1984 thriller Terminator , about an indestructible human- machine cyborg , and 1997 's Titanic , with its hyper -realistic feel for the " unsinkable" ship 's disastrous end , are morality tales about technology 's risks created with the most advanced technology .
The director spoke with reporter Lorenza Muoz .
How has technology evolved since your first foray into film ?
Terminator was my first real film , and you can directly contrast 1984 to 2010 .
No single technique we used then was used today .
We shot Terminator on film , and we do n't shoot on film today .
All of the visual effects are digital now .
Back then we used glass paintings , foreground miniatures and stop-motion animation .
We thought we were being tremendously innovative and we were .
The technology has changed but the basics of the job have n't .
It is still about storytelling , about juxtaposing images , about creating a feeling with images and music .
Only the technical details have changed .
How do you see technology changing for the Avatar sequel ?
We always planned to make this as a series of two or three movies .
The appeal of going into the second film is that we can continue with the system we created .
Now we will just speed it up , refine and make it more intuitive for the artists working on the film .
The next movies will be more about details but not fundamentally different .
In 40 years , will people see movies in theaters , or will everyone be watching from home on computers with 3-D capacity ?
I think there will be movie theaters in 1,000 years .
People want the group experience , the sense of going out and participating in a film together .
People have been predicting the demise of movie theaters since I started in the business .
Why does n't the Avatar DVD have 3-D ?
We have to wait until the technology is available in every home .
I think it will be standard in 4 years , not 40 .
We will have a glasses- free technology in five years at home and three years for laptops .
The limiting factor is going to be content .
You ca n't rely on a few films a year for this .
It is going to have to be 3-D broadcast sports , scripted television , non-scripted television and reality television .
Will Hollywood still be the filmmaking capital of the world in 40 years ?
It will always be a filmmaking center .
Filmmakers from China and Japan and Germany come to Hollywood to have meetings with studio executives and to get money for their movies .
It is a central switching station for global entertainment .
Hollywood is also the place for filmmakers who want to make movies for a global market .
China and Russia make films for their own markets , but I don't see the likelihood of those places replacing Hollywood .
India has a huge film industry that supplies hundreds of films a year , but it is very much about that market .
Will you be making movies in 40 years ?
If I 'm alive .
I will be 96 , so I will be making films very , very slowly .
Steve Mirsky reports New York Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte had to leave Sunday 's game against Tampa in the third inning because of a strained groin .
He thus slightly beat the odds . Because his injury happened after the All- Star Game , which was last Tuesday .
And a new study finds that more than three-quarters of injuries to major league pitchers during the course of a season occur before the all- star break .
The data on baseball injuries was presented the same day as Pettitte 's early departure at the annual meeting of the American Orthopaedic Society for Sports Medicine in Providence , Rhode Island .
Which makes sense because that 's Red Sox country and most of the Sox seem to be on the disabled list .
The study looked at all players who were put on the disabled list from 2002 to 2008 .
Pitchers were 34 percent more likely than non-pitchers to suffer injuries . And pitchers accounted for almost two-thirds of all the time spent too hurt to play .
Most injuries to non-pitchers also happened before the all-star break .
Although I wonder if that stat might reflect a greater unwillingness to disable list a player during the pennant drive .
Oh , Pettitte 's out for at least a month providing new data for further research . 
Getting to Know Them
Now let 's get back to your conversation with your team members .
The purpose is to give them the opportunity to open the lines of communication with you .
learn what their ambitions are within the company .
Ask questions that will get them to expand on their points of view .
You ca n't fake genuine interest in others ; you 're doing this because you care about the employees ' well-being .
Such attention is advantageous to both sides .
If you can help employees achieve their goals , they 'll be more productive .
What is more important is their belief that they 're making progress toward their goals .
So your goal in these early conversations is to let your team members know you care about them as individuals and you 're there to help them achieve their goals .
Let them know you want to help them solve whatever problems they may be having with the job .
Establish a comfort zone in which they can deal with you .
Make them feel that it is perfectly natural for them to discuss small problems with you .
By discussing small problems and small irritants , you can probably avoid most of the larger problems .
You 'll discover in your first few months as a manager that your technical abilities are not nearly as important as your human abilities .
The majority of your problems are going to revolve around the human and not the technical aspects of the job .
Unless your responsibilities are technically complex , you 'll discover that if you have outstanding human skills , you can overlook your minor technical deficiencies .
Conversely , even if you are the most technically competent manager in the office , without human skills you 'll have great difficulty .
Fair game Asia 's rise excites the art market Nov 17th 2011 | HONG KONG | from The World In 2012 print edition
In May 2011 MCH Swiss Exhibition ( Basel ) announced that it had snapped up a controlling stake in ART HK , the biggest annual event for Hong Kong 's art scene and perhaps for all of Asia 's .
The group that plays host to the Art Basel contemporary-art fair at its home in Switzerland each June the world 's largest art show for the past four decades and to Art Basel Miami Beach , a sister show started for the Americas in 2002 and held each December , will now have a third leg , in Asia .
Not a moment too soon .
Dealers and auctioneers estimate there are around 150 collectors in Hong Kong and Taiwan who spend at least $ 1m a year each on Chinese works of art .
The mainland already has more than 150 such buyers , and their number is growing rapidly .
Chinese treasures sold at auction in Hong Kong now set record prices unmatched in New York , London or Paris ;
according to one survey , China has already become the biggest art market in the world , surpassing both Britain and America .
In sales of contemporary art the Chinese market may be yet a babe , but it looks like a prodigy .
ART HK drew 63,000 visitors in 2011 , up 38 % on the previous year and nearly as many as came to Basel itself .
ART HK will be keeping its British director , Magnus Renfrew , and even its name for the time being , though no one doubts it will someday be called Art Basel Hong Kong .
Eventually , too , the new owners may well switch its timing from May to February , to sit comfortably between Art Basel Miami Beach in December and Art Basel in June .
That might also have the advantage ( so far as Hong Kong is concerned ) of crowding out Arts Stage Singapore , a new rival founded by Lorenzo Rudolf , Art Basel 's director in the 1990s .
Best Buy Co . ( BBY ) founder Richard Schulze is exploring taking the electronics retailer private , according to a person familiar with the matter .
Schulze , 71 , who is working with Credit Suisse Group AG ( CSGN , ) may also sell his 20 percent stake in the Richfield , Minnesota - based company , said the person , who declined to be identified because the talks are private .
Schulze said in May that he would step down as chairman after an internal probe found he failed to tell the board about allegations that then- Chief Executive Officer Brian Dunn was having an inappropriate relationship with a female employee .
Schulze had planned to step down after the company 's annual meeting on June 21 . Instead , he resigned immediately on June 7 and said he 'd explore options for his stake .
" We 've been telling investors it 's a long shot that you can 't count on " , said Matt Arnold , an analyst at St . Louis - based Edward Jones &amp; Co .
While going private may speed up a turnaround , raising the billions of dollars for the transaction will be difficult , Arnold said .
He recommends buying Best Buy shares based on its ability to improve results over the next three years as a public company .
A buyout of Best Buy would cost at least $ 30 a share to convince long-time investors to sell , Anthony Chukumba , an analyst at BB&amp;T Capital Markets in New York , said earlier this month . That would equate to a total deal value of about $ 11 billion , including net debt .
The shares gained 4.6 percent to $ 19.37 at the close in New York , after the Wall Street Journal reported that Schulze hired bankers to pursue a possible buyout , citing people familiar with the matter .
Bruce Hight , a spokesman for Best Buy , declined to comment . Schulze could n't immediately be reached for comment .
The first two decades of online travel were filled with merge and acquisition activity within and between the US and Europe .
Starting in the late nineties with Travelocity 's acquisition of Preview and reaching a peak in the mid naughties with the Expedia / Hotels.com merger , Lastminute.com acquisition by Travelocity and the Orbitz / Ebookers / HotelClub acquisitions by Cendant .
Big dollar deals covering America and Europe .
As we enter the third decade of the online travel I strongly suspect we are seeing the rise of Asian firms as acquisition targets and as potential acquirers .
I am also referring to Asian firms with money to spend and a target list to spend it on .
There are three big and M&amp;A active Asian based companies with money to spend and a need for growth outside their home market  Rakuten , Wotif and Ctrip .
Rakuten  is the largest online travel company in Asia and one of the largest ecommerce companies in the world .
Based in Tokyo , Rakuten is generating around $ 2.5billion in gross bookings . 90 % plus of it within Japan Wotif  is the dominant force in online travel in Australia .
They are on track to sell $ 1billion in travel this year , 85 % of it in Australia or New Zealand .
Ctrip  is the biggest travel agency in China . Generating $ 3.7billion in GBs per year ( according to PhoCusWright ) .
Critically the vast majority of the sales are offline through a 12,000 seat call centre rather than online .
I normally hear that 70 % of their sales are offline but have also heard talk that the offline percentage could be as high as 90 . %
In the last three years these companies have been very active in buying companies .
In 2008 , Wotif bought Sydney based travel.com.au / lastminute.com.au and ( separately ) Thailand based AsiaWebDirect .
The AWD ( though a English language business ) is Wotif 's first push for demand outside Aus / NZ In 2009 , Ctrip bought EZTravel , the number one domestic player in Taiwan .
In December of that year Wotif also bought GoDo , an activities and services provider .
Rakuten has done three big deals in 2010 and we are only halfway through the year .
Rakuten 's parent company launched a JV with China search giant Baidu , purchased US based Buy.com for $ 250 million and had $ 250 million left over to buy Euro ecommerce site PriceMinister ( all separate deals . )
None of these deals are specifically travel- related but they are indicative of the companies desire to push beyond Japan .
The company has even announced a English By 2012 Pledge that will see English become the official language of the company in two years .
Also this year , Ctrip has announced plan to buy offline Hong Kong Travel Agency WingOn ( to provide them with ticketing and fulfillment services in Hong Kong . )
And In a move reminiscent of a 1980s European tour operator , Ctrip has started buying up hotel interests across China .
Three years of deals from three companies The reasons behind these deals are clear :
each of the companies is very different but they share the common traits of being dominant in their home market and unable ( mainly through market factors ) to replicate outside of their home market the elements that drove that dominance .
Hence the need to use the big domestically generated cash-lows to fund international growth .
that we should expect to see more deals by these companies in the next three years .
I would also not be surprised to see one of these companies make a major play through a big ticket acquisition in either Europe or America .
Sometimes the most random everyday encounters force us to stop and rethink the truths and perceptions we have ingrained in our minds .
These encounters are educationally priceless .
They spawn moments of deep thought and self-reflection that challenge the status quo and help us evolve as sensible individuals .
On our new sister site , Makes Me Think , we call these thought-provoking life experiences ' MMTs . ' Makes Me Think is an online community where people share daily life stories that provoke deep thought and inspire positive change .
Here 's a sample of 32 MMT stories that were recently submitted to the site :
Today , I was sitting on a hotel balcony watching 2 lovers in the distance walk along the beach .
From their body language , I could tell they were laughing and enjoying each other 's company .
As they got closer , I realized they were my parents .
My parents almost got divorced 8 years ago .
MMT Today , I asked my 6 year old son what he wants to be when he grows up .
He said , " Mommy , all I want to be is happy " .
MMT Today , after spending the last 3 years viciously bickering with the college kid who lives next door , I found myself crying in his arms and thanking him repeatedly for saving my son 's life .
I am 76 years old .
MMT Today , I attended the grand opening for Shane 's art gallery .
Shane is a quirky , soft - spoken guy with long red hair .
For the last 5 years I 've thought he was a bit of a weirdo .
But today I realized Shane 's weirdness is just the side - effect of being an artistic genius .
MMT Today , my company employs 130 intelligent individuals and turns a net profit of nearly $ 500K a year .
I started this company 10 years ago after I was laid off by IBM . If they had n't laid me off , I might still be working in a cubicle at IBM today .
MMT Today , I waited on an elderly woman at the local restaurant where I work .
She left me a $ 90 tip on a $ 10 tab with a handwritten note that said , " I 'm 86 and I can't take this money with me .
So please spoil yourself with it " .
MMT Today , I tested a theory that did n't work , which led me to different theory that did n't work , which spawned a totally new idea that seems to work really well .
Although it does n't solve the original problem , all of my business partners agree that this idea has earth - shattering potential .
MMT Today , I saw a pretty scary looking guy who had a tall blue mohawk and tattoos and piercings all over his body .
He was helping my elderly neighbor take her trash down to the curb .
My neighbor told me afterwards that the guy was just walking by and offered to help .
MMT Today , I married the man of my dreams .
I left for college at 18 and looked for him there . Nothing .
I moved to a new city and looked for him there . Nothing .
Then last fall I returned home for Thanksgiving .
My brother 's best friend , whom I grew up with , joined us for dinner .
And I found him .
MMT Today , I was reunited with an old buddy .
Throughout college we were best friends .
Then just before graduation we got into a nasty fight over a girl .
Terrible words were exchanged and we never spoke again , until today .
And as we hugged each other , we acknowledged how irrelevant that girl is now .
MMT Today , my 21 year old son 's alternative rock band received a record deal from a major record label .
I spent the last 5 years trying to convince him that college was the smarter way to go .
But he stood his ground and pursued his dream .
And now he 's living it .
MMT Today , I was walking along the boardwalk in Pacific Beach when I saw 4 teenagers heckling a homeless beach bum .
He laughed and said , " I 'm not crazy !
' Crazy ' is spending 40 years of your life hating 40 hours a week " .
MMT Today , I met a movie star celebrity who has been one of my idols since I was a kid .
He was a total jerk in real life .
MMT Today , a lady walked up to me in the gym and asked me to give her some workout pointers .
She said , " You look incredible !
Watching you gradually tone-up and progress in here has become my primary inspiration to get in shape " .
It made me smile because I 've struggled with my weight since I was 15 .
MMT Today , I implemented a web-based business idea I got from my girlfriend .
The kickoff was a total success . She actually tried explaining this idea to me 2 years ago , but I was too busy at the time to listen .
MMT Today , I checked my account balance and realized I had been fined $ 40 by my bank for a $ 2 overdraft when I bought a coffee on the way to work .
" I could n't be any more broke " !
I cried aloud as I walked outside to get some air . Just then a skinny homeless man limped out from a nearby alleyway .
MMT Today , my daughter who struggled to get C 's in grade school owns a multi-million dollar cosmetics company .
My daughter who was in the gifted program in grade school is happily employed as a kindergarten teacher making $ 35K a year .
MMT Today , I ran into an old best friend I have n't seen in nearly a year .
We live in the same city , but we 're just so busy .
MMT Today , we celebrated our 10 year anniversary .
We unknowingly held our wedding in a park on the same day a college fraternity was tailgating .
There were drunken college kids everywhere .
At the time it seemed horrific .
But it produced several amusing stories our family still laughs about today .
MMT Today , I returned 2 library books that were 3 months overdue .
The librarian looked extremely nervous as she informed me of my $ 34 late fee .
When I smiled and handed her the $ 34 , she said , " Oh , thanks for being so nice about it .
Most people scream at me when I inform them of their late fees " .
MMT Today , my employer officially approved my request to work from home 2 days a week .
All of my friends and family were shocked .
" When did your employer implement this policy " ?
they asked . " About 2 weeks after I pitched the idea to the CEO " , I replied .
MMT Today , I was dealt a colossal life lesson .
My girlfriend is pregnant .
I 've worn a condom every single time we 've had sex for the last 2 years  except for this one night last month when we were really , really drunk .
MMT Today , I visited an old neighborhood where I used to live .
The landscaping in every yard seemed better kept than I remember . And everyone on the block seemed friendlier .
But other than the couple who moved into my old house , the same exact people live there .
MMT Today , my mother-in-law cooked fish for dinner .
I have refused to eat fish since I was a child .
But I did n't want to seem rude , so I sucked it up and ate it anyway .
Surprisingly , I thought it was pretty good .
And I may try it again sometime soon .
MMT Today , I was at the beach watching a little girl chase her father 's remote controlled car around in circles .
She kept jumping forward and falling on her knees in an effort to catch the car as it skidded by .
She did this 31 times and failed . But on attempt 32 , she caught the car .
MMT Today , a complete stranger outside a local coffee shop was holding a sign that said , " Free Hugs " . I hesitated at first , but then I decided to give her a hug .
Truthfully , it felt great !
MMT Today , I heard another Michael Jackson song on the radio .
For the last 15 years up until the day he died , it seemed like everyone thought he was a freak .
Now , all I hear are MJ songs on the radio and people calling him a musical genius .
It 's like the world forgot what they had until it was gone .
MMT Today , I was sitting on my front porch watching the neighbor 's kid have the time of his life with nothing more than a wooden stick and his imagination .
MMT Today , I was in a really bad mood when a young girl came into my office sporting the most genuine smile I 'd seen in a long while .
She was bound to a wheelchair because she had no legs .
MMT Today , I spent an hour with a stranger , said nothing , and walked away feeling like I just had the best conversation ever .
MMT Today , I was working in a coffee shop when 2 gay men walked in holding hands .
As you might expect , heads started turning .
Then a young girl at the table next to me asked her mom why 2 men were holding hands .
Her mom replied , " Because they love each other " .
Dear Alice ,
I am a twenty-one-year-old male student and still a virgin ,
I am very shy and do not have any girlfriends .
I masturbate almost every day , but desperately want to have real sex .
I have thought about paying a prostitute , but I am not sure .
Are there any groups for people in my situation ,
i.e. , people who want to lose their virginity and be normal ?
Virgin
Dear Virgin ,
Normal by whose criteria ?
Everyone wants to be normal .
Of course you are normal if you are a virgin at twenty-one , but peer pressure may try to force you to feel you 're not .
At what point does being a virgin seem abnormal ?
There are plenty of twenty-one-year-old male virgins around ; however , you will never know since they will not tell you .
To them , it remains a private matter .
It is not considered acceptable for men to be virgins since , with socialization , they believe it is their job and responsibility to be sexually knowledgeable and experienced .
Try thinking about your virginity in another way .
How would your life change if you were no longer a virgin ?
What would be different ?
From your letter , it seems more important to you to no longer be a virgin than it is to have a girlfriend .
Is that true for you ?
What is it about being a virgin that is a burden to you ?
Think about the possibility of finding someone you want to get to know better , someone who you might like to spend time with , and someone you think you could feel comfortable with , so that a relationship may grow .
This path of rethinking your goal and plan will help you connect with another person rather than focus on the isolation .
As Alice sees it , it is not your virginity that is the problem , but your sense of isolation and loneliness .
Alice is glad you asked about a group .
When you think of joining a group , however , Alice would suggest finding one where you are interested in being involved , rather than focusing on your " problem " .
If you find a social , political , or community service organization where you feel committed to the issues , you will be more likely to meet others who feel the way you do .
You can build on this and cultivate quality relationships .
Alice 's hunch is that the more time you spend with others , involved with issues you want to learn more about or are committed to , your need to " devirginize " will subside .
Also read everything you can about sexuality , since when you finally do choose to devirginize , you will be prepared with knowledge for how to be a good lover not only to yourself , but to your partner as well .
The two " bibles " are almost anything written by Lonnie G . Barbach ( for example , For Each Other :
Sharing Sexual Intimacy ) , and Bernie Zilbergeld 's book , The New Male Sexuality .
In the meantime , rethink your ideas about masturbation .
Masturbation is real sex .
What it is n't , at this point , is partner sex .
Masturbation can relieve the tension of sexual energy , and even loneliness , temporarily .
Clearly , you can still masturbate as you go on your search for a larger social network , and , ultimately , a partner with whom to share your feelings , activities , closeness , joy , humor , and sexuality as well . Finally , many people masturbate even when they have a partner .
It is a part of their sexuality , not a partner replacement .
So , as you search for a partner , enjoy yourself every step of the way .
Alice
You already know the basics of internet security , right ?
You know to keep your antivirus program and patches up to date , to be careful where you go on the Internet , and to exercise online street-smarts to resist being tricked into visiting a phishing site or downloading a Trojan horse .
But when you 've got the basics covered , but you still do n't feel secure , what can you do ?
Here are a few advanced security tips to help you thwart some of today 's most common attacks .
Remember , however , that security is all about trade-offs .
With most of these tips , what you gain in security , you lose in convenience .
But hey , it 's your computer . Be as paranoid as you want to be .
Avoid Scripting
This may be the one piece of advice that will do most to keep you the safe on the Web :
Steer clear of JavaScript , especially on sites you do n't trust .
JavaScript is very popular , and for good reason .
It works in almost all browsers , and it makes the Web a lot more dynamic .
But it also enables bad guys to trick your browser more easily into doing something that it should n't .
The deception could be something as simple as telling the browser to load an element from another Web page .
Or it could involve something more complicated , like a cross-site scripting attack , which gives the attacker a way to impersonate the victim on a legitimate Web page .
JavaScipt attacks are everywhere .
If you use Facebook , you may have seen one of the latest .
Lately , scammers have set up illegitimate Facebook pages offering things like a free $ 500 gift card if you cut and paste some code into your browser 's address bar .
Chris Boyd , security researcher with Sunbelt Software That code is JavaScript -- and you should never add it to your browser .
" Scammers use this technique to open up unwanted surveys , fill your social networking profiles with spam or even to send you to phishing pages " , says Chris Boyd , a security researcher with Sunbelt Software .
But miscreants can add JavaScript to hacked or malicious Web pages , too .
To avoid attacks there , you can use a free Firefox plugin called NoScript that lets you control which Websites can and cannot run JavaScript in the browser .
NoScript goes a long way toward preventing rogue antivirus programs or online attacks from popping up when you visit a new Website .
By blocking scripting everywhere and then using NoScript to build a whitelist of trusted sites , you can derail most of the so-called Web drive-by attacks that currently plague the Internet .
NoScript also comes with a cross-site scripting blocker .
Cross-site scripting has been around for a while , but these days bad guys are using it more frequently than ever to seize control of online accounts on sites such as Facebook and YouTube .
If you do n't use Firefox , you still have some options for cracking down on scripting .
Like Foxfire users , Google Chrome users can disable JavaScript universally and then build a whitelist of sites where it 's permitted .
Unfortunately , neither Internet Explorer nor Safari has a NoScript equivalent , but IE users can adjust their Internet Zones security settings to require prompts before scripting .
And IE 8 includes new cross-site scripting protection to ward off some attacks .
Disabling JavaScript in Adobe Reader can help , too .
According to Symantec , last year nearly half of all Web-based attacks were associated with malicious PDF files .
If victims had adjusted their settings to make it impossible for PDFs to execute JavaScript , they would have thwarted most of those attacks .
To disable JavaScript in Reader , click Edit , Preferences , JavaScript and then uncheck the Enable Acrobat JavaScript box to the right of the window .
The downside of all these defensive tactics is inconvenience .
With scripting disabled in your browser , many animations , movies , and dynamic Web pages simply won't work -- and many users get frustrated by the never-ending cycle of opening a Web page , seeing that it does n't work properly , and then choosing to allow scripting on that page .
The same holds true for Reader , where PDF-based forms may not submit properly if you 've disabled JavaScript ;
nevertheless , many people do n't mind simply turning on Reader 's JavaScript whenever they need it .
Back Out of Rogue Antivirus Offers Far too many people have had this experience recently :
You 're surfing the Web on a totally legitimate site when a scary-looking warning message pops up suddenly .
It tells you that your computer is infected .
You try to get rid of it , but more windows keep popping up , urging you to scan your computer .
If you do this , the scan invariably finds security problems and offers to sell you software that will take care of the problem .
This is rogue antivirus software .
The only thing the software does is put money into the pockets of criminals .
Rogue antivirus programs have emerged as one of the most annoying security problems of the past few years .
To the victim , the pop-ups can seem like an infection themselves .
Every time you try to close a warning window , another one appears .
Here 's what you do :
First off , never buy the software .
It simply does n't work , and often it will trash your system .
Either press Alt-F4 to close your browser directly or press Ctrl-Alt-Delete to open your system 's task manager and shut the browser down from there .
Closing the browser generally puts an end to the pop-up problem .
Another way to steer clear of rogue antivirus attacks is to be careful when reading up on a hot news story .
The bad guys follow Google Trends and Twitter 's Trending topics , and they can quickly promote one of their malicious Web pages to the top of Google search results .
Google tries to control this activity , but when a breaking news story is involved , the evil doers are often one step ahead .
" Cut down on the risk of being affected by only reading news sources you trust , or -- at the very least -- search Google News for news services you have n't seen before " ,
says Sunbelt 's Boyd .
Do n't Depend on Microsoft Word or Adobe Reader They 're extremely popular programs , but Microsoft Office and Adobe Reader are not the strongest applications from a security perspective -- especially when it comes to opening files that you think are probably okay but are n't sure about .
Most bad guys subscribe to a big-tent theory of troublemaking .
When they plan an attack , they usually aim at the most widely used software programs , which is one reason why Windows gets hit so much more often than Linux or Mac operating systems .
One way to stay a step ahead of them is to use less-popular apps that crooks target relatively infrequently .
Many security experts open their PDF files in alternative readers such as Foxit Reader or PDF Studio .
Similarly , you can check . doc and . ppt files in Open Office .
The downside is that , in a nonstandard application , files may not look exactly as they should .
This drawback might make such apps unsuitable for daily use , depending on your needs , but even so you should consider using them to open dubious documents in .
Use a Service Like Gmail or VirusTotal to Check Documents That You Do Open Why do security experts use alternative PDF and . doc readers ?
They 've warned us for years not to open attachments that come from untrusted sources .
Strange . exe files are a sure sign of trouble , but hackers have also found ways to break into computers by tricking users into opening maliciously encoded documents .
The vast majority of these attacks take advantage of known flaws in older programs ;
but in addition , new attacks -- called zero-day attacks -- periodically pop up , exploiting flaws that software makers have n't yet patched .
By now you know to find an alternative document reader , but if that does n't work for you , consider adopting other methods to double-check documents and avoid viruses .
One approach is to let Google do the checking for you .
Forward attachments to a Gmail address , and Google 's filters will scan it for malware .
Then , you can convert the document and read in Google Docs to see whether it 's legit .
Another tip is to submit files to Virustotal .
This free scanning service runs your file through 41 antivirus scanning engines .
If any of the programs identifies it as malicious , Virustotal will let you know Know What Programs You Use , and Verify That They 're Up to Date The old version of RealPlayer you downloaded a few years ago may be nothing more than a security hole today .
If you do n't use a program , consider uninstalling from your PC .
To trim unwanted apps , visit the Windows Install / Uninstall section of the Control Panel .
As a rule of thumb , if you 're not using a program , lose it .
But do n't stop there .
On this helpful Mozilla page , you can check to see whether your various browser plug-ins -- for Chrome , Firefox , IE , and Opera -- need updates .
It 's also a good idea to check your Facebook applications to make sure that you do n't have the Facebook equivalent of software bloat .
While logged in , click Account , Application Settings , and see what apps you have installed .
If you do n't use one , delete it .
Sharpen Your Password Game
People have to remember too many passwords on the Internet .
Everyone knows this , but most of us get around the problem by using the same username and password over and over .
Hackers know this as well , and they 're happy to use it against you .
Often they steal a person 's password and user name , perhaps via a phishing attack , and then try that combination on other popular services -- Facebook , Gmail , PayPal , Yahoo -- to see if it works there , too .
Luckily free and simple password management tools , such as KeePass Password Safe , are available to keep track of your passwords for you .
They are a bit more work -- you may tire of constantly jumping between a password manager and your browser every time you want to log into a Website , but remember that security always involves trade-offs .
If you use the Firefox browser , you can try the KeeFox plug-in , which integrates KeePass 's password management with your browser .
Products like these " keep people on the good practice of having secure and separate passwords for everything , but keeps them from having to memorize them " , says Wesley McGrew , a security researcher with McGrew Security .
Robert McMillan covers security issues for the IDG News Service .
Some people love getting joke emails but I try to avoid it ;
it 's hard enough to stay focused .
I did get one recently full of odd newspaper clippings and made the mistake of starting to read them .
I 'll just give you the one that influenced me to choose the word duck for podictionary .
" Dog attack :
Lower Duck Pond , Lithia , Ashland . Police responded to a report of two dogs running loose and attacking ducks at about 11 : 20 a.m. Sunday .
The officer cited a resident for the loose dogs .
The duck refused medical treatment and left the area , according to police records " .
When I look up ducks in The Oxford English Dictionary one of the first things it says is " a swimming bird of the genus Anas . "
So let 's start with that .
Like most scientific names for animals anas is Latin and you can tell right away that it does n't sound like duck .
It turns out that in Old English there was another word for " duck " that does sound more like the scientific Latin , that Old English word was ende .
Sometimes Old English words with Latin relatives arrived because of the influence of the church .
Sometimes an older influence might have been that words rubbed off on the Germanic tribes as they fought and traded with the Romans before the Anglo-Saxons arrived in Britain .
In the case of this outdated word for " duck " the roots appear to be much deeper because there is supposed to have been an Indo-European word for " duck " angti that percolated up not only into English and Latin , but Greek and Russian as well as other Germanic languages .
But for some reason English speakers more than 1000 years ago began to abandon this word and started using duck instead .
Why did they choose the word duck for this kind of bird ?
Because ducks stick their heads under water to feed ;
they duck their heads .
The strange thing is that the verb to duck must have been a somewhat rare usage because it does n't show up in the written record until about 1340 ;
almost 400 years after the first written record of the bird having this name .
What you are seeing here is a wonderful vertical wall - mounted filing system from Denver - based Westerville Design .
Dubbed the Up Filer , it 's been specifically designed to make your office look organized and prettier than ever .
We have seen many developments in office outfits , but an artistic file manager must be first of its kind ; so what 's so great about it ?
Firstly , it 's convenient .
Stacking your files is now easier with the new accessory .
You can easily pick the desired files as its design allows you to see the label put on them .
And , searching a single file from a pile is no more annoying as it was before .
Secondly , it 's 100 percent organic , and hence eco-friendly .
The Up Filer resembles typical human vertebral column , where the bamboo forms the spine .
Though the question of disposal may never arise , the Up Filer is very strong and durable .
If you do decide to throw it away , it adds no environmental impact as a contemporary synthetic office accessory does .
Thirdly , it 's decorative besides being useful .
The design is artistic , and its presence will impart an aesthetic appeal to your work . Working environment will become enthusiastic , which eventually amounts to rise in profit .
You can select the Up Filer from two different tones  natural wooden and caramel tints .
Hope you would love the design of the Up Filer .
Order your piece now .
The robotic ' exoskeleton ' that lets soldiers carry heavy weights
A futuristic robotic ex-skeleton designed to boost the strength and endurance of US soldiers is to undergo final testing .
Defence firm Lockheed Martin has received a $ 1.1 million contract from the U.S. Army to test its next - generation HULC exoskeleton .
The battery - powered device can sense the soldier 's individual movements and lets him carry weights of up to 200lbs .
It has a maximum speed of 7 mph over long distances with the possibility of a sudden burst of 10 mph when required .
The Hulc robotic exoskeleton can be used for missions up to 72 hours long
HULC can give the soldier a bursts of speed at 10 mph and will help him carry massive loads
The latest update for the HULC system includes more advanced software , extended battery life and has been designed to fit any human user quickly .
And it can be fitted with an array of different armour plates , heating and cooling systems and a series of sensors .
The tests performed on Lockheed Martin 's HULC system will help us assess the current state of the technology ' , said David Audet from U.S. Army Natick Soldier Research , Development and Engineering Centre .
' Exoskeletons have the potential to reduce stress on the body from heavy loads ' .
Dismounted soldiers often carry heavy combat loads that increase stress on the body , leading to injuries and exhaustion .
HULC is designed to transfer the weight from heavy loads to the ground through the robotic legs of the lower-body exoskeleton , taking the weight off of the operator .
An advanced onboard computer ensures the exoskeleton moves in tandem with the operator .
The powered skeleton is designed to carry huge loads and will fit any soldier
Lockheed describes the technology as an ' un-tethered , battery powered , hydraulic - actuated anthropomorphic exoskeleton capable of performing deep squats , crawls and upper - body lifting with minimal human exertion ' .
' We recognize the importance of perfecting the exoskeleton technology to redefine what is possible for our Soldiers ' , said Rich Russell , director of Sensors , Data Links and Advanced Programs at Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control .
Researchers will evaluate how the HULC affects soldiers ' performance and see how much energy a soldier uses while wearing the skeleton .
Laboratory testing will also assess how quickly users learn to use the HULC system when carrying various loads and moving at various speeds .
Lockheed Martin is also exploring exoskeleton designs to support industrial and medical applications .
Work on Your Character and a Good Life Will Come to You
The blogosphere is abuzz with advice for the new year .
We 're being given tricks and tips on getting ahead , becoming more efficient and so forth .
But as a guy who helps people live better stories , I have to tell you the best advice I 've ever heard is simple :
Work on your character and a good life will come to you .
Of course we have to define " good life " and we also have to acknowledge this is far from a " biblical law " that is destined for success .
To be sure , nothing is for sure .
But I like the idea and find it comforting .
I like the idea that I can stop trying to control the people around me and just work on myself , just work on being a slightly better Don .
Does it mean everything will be great ?
No , not really .
Conflict is part of every good life .
No meaningful story is void of conflict .
But what it does mean is that in every context , I can always control what I can control , and that 's me .
Just because there 's a storm on the ocean does n't mean there has to be a storm within me .
Here are some interesting camera angles I 've found on the topic of good character .
1 . I 'm tired of tricks and tips .
I just want to be . And I want to be better .
And I am being drawn to slow-growth metaphors rather than quick-fix solutions .
2 . I do n't want to go get anything anymore .
I do n't want to stand in line at the " discount good life shop " .
I just want to enjoy a sunset or sunrise of drive in the country or book .
I think having good character IS the good life , in a way .
Practicing good character has a way of stabilizing us and keeps us from pining for the things we do n't have .
Having good character means cleaning up our inside world , rather than filling it with more stuff like an emotional pack rat .
In the end , having character is about settling .
And I firmly believe one key to the happy life is settling .
By settling I mean it 's a decision to no longer be gluttonous .
I 'm gluttonous in so many ways . Not just with food , but with relationships and praise and money and so many other things .
Having good character means settling for what little I have , and participating in life rather than trying to conquer life .
3 . I think it 's true that character attracts character .
When we find ourselves surrounded by people who lack character , it 's probably because our lack of character created compatibility .
It 's not always true , but like people often find each other .
When we have good character , we have better , more easy conversation with others who have good character and our relationships soon become networks of good people .
This is comforting to me .
4 . Having good character means having fewer regrets .
I hate regrets .
I hate sitting around thinking of the crappy things I 've said to people , or the crappier things I 've done .
I want to build in a few years without regrets to look back on .
5 . Having good character is better than making people think you have integrity .
It 's fine to have integrity , but it 's a waste of time to convince others that you do .
Working on my character seems more Godward and inward focussed than outward focussed on what other humans think .
Having good character feels more like having good weather inside you .
I want good weather inside me .
I 'm going to think about this for a while . Work on your character and a good life will come to you .
Will you test it out with me ?
Let 's see if it 's true .
Sara Lee looks to sell bread business
Sara Lee Corp . is seeking a buyer for its bread business , a move that could lead to the breakup or sale of the entire company .
Hostess Brands Inc . and Campbell Soup Co . ' s Pepperidge Farm showed interest in the business in recent weeks after Downers Grove-based Sara Lee began soliciting bids , Crain's has learned .
Other potential buyers include Grupo Bimbo S.A. de CV , Flowers Foods Inc . and private - equity firms .
With $ 2 billion in sales , Sara Lee 's third-largest business line could fetch between $ 1.1 billion and $ 1.6 billion , or up to $ 2.4 billion if the company improves the slow-growing unit 's low profit margins , according to an analysis by New York-based Bernstein Research .
The move to sell bread , a linchpin of CEO Brenda Barnes ' turnaround strategy , marks a strategic shift .
Ms . Barnes , who is on indefinite medical leave following a stroke in May , tried for five years to boost bread sales through product innovation and marketing .
Hanging a sale sign on the unit now could put the rest of Sara Lee in play , as a whole or in parts .
" If they get rid of the bread business , it would seem likely the other pieces of the company would also then be sold for a nice premium , and that is something the board and shareholders have got to be thinking about " , says David Epstein , an investment banker at Rosemont-based J . H . Chapman Group LLC who specializes in the food industry .
" I 'm sure the bakery business would attract interest from both private - equity funds and other bakery companies " .
It 's not clear if Sara Lee has received any offers for the business , and there can be no certainty that it will reach a deal to sell the unit . Companies seen as potential acquirers decline to comment .
Sara Lee 's bakery division employs about 12,000 at 41 bakeries , including one in Rock Island .
Sara Lee 's bread business produced only $ 107 million in operating profits over the past three fiscal years .
Operating profit for the first nine months of the company 's 2010 fiscal year was $ 36 million as sales declined 6 % to $ 1.54 billion .
Ms . Barnes replaced him with Michael Feder , a managing director at turnaround specialist AlixPartners LLP in New York .
Industry observers interpreted his hiring as a sign Sara Lee was dressing up the unit for sale .
Ms . Barnes has sold off nearly half of Sara Lee 's business in the past five years , shrinking the company to about $ 10.8 billion in annual sales from more than $ 19 billion .
Selling the bread business would reduce that number to about $ 8.6 billion , mostly from sales of meat in the U.S. and coffee overseas .
" If they spin off the bread business , they are pretty small and are very much a takeover candidate " , says Ron O'Donnell , president of Montana-based Stockman Asset Management , which owns about 140,000 Sara Lee shares .
The Evils of Perfectionism
Some managers expect perfection from their employees .
They know they wo n't get it but they feel they 'll get closer to it by demanding it .
By insisting on perfection , you may in fact defeat your own purposes .
Some employees will become so self-conscious about making a mistake that they slow their performance down to a crawl to make absolutely certain they do n't screw up .
As a result , production goes way down and employees lose confidence .
Another drawback to being a perfectionist is that everyone resents you for it .
You can also build confidence by developing esprit de corps within your own area .
Make sure , however , that the feeling you build is supportive of the prevailing company spirit and not in competition with it .
The Importance of Building
Trust In addition to allowing mistakes and helping individuals see their errors , giving praise and recognition , involving others in the decision-making process , and avoiding perfectionism , you , the manager , can build trust in many other ways .
You can share the vision of the organization and the department with your team members .
Doing this gives them a clearer picture of what the goals are and how they are helping in meeting them .
You can give individuals clear directions . That shows them that you know what you are doing and are keeping things on track .
You can share examples of how you have succeeded and what mistakes you have made .
Doing that makes you real to your team .
You can talk to each of your team members to learn what each one wants from the job .
By doing this , you are demonstrating that you really care .
All of these additional strategies can build a trusting environment .
Think of some others not mentioned here that you could do in your work environment .
Thank you , President Spar , Ms . Golden , President Tilghman , Members of the Board of Trustees , distinguished faculty , proud swelling parents and family , and gorgeous class of 2010 .
If you are all really , really lucky , and if you continue to work super hard , and you remember your thank you notes and everybody 's name ;
and you follow through on every task that 's asked of you and also somehow anticipate problems before they even arise and you somehow sidestep disaster and score big .
If you get great scores on your LSATS , or MSATS , or ERSATS or whatever .
And you get into your dream grad school or internship which leads to a super job with a paycheck commensurate with responsibilities of leadership or if you somehow get that documentary on a shoe-string budget and it gets accepted at Sundance and maybe it wins Sundance and then you go on to be nominated for an Oscar and then you win the Oscar .
Or if that money-making website that you designed with your friends somehow suddenly attracts investors and advertisers and becomes the go-to site for whatever it is you 're selling , blogging , sharing , or net-casting and success shinning , hoped-for but never really anticipated success comes your way I guarantee you someone you know or love come to you and say , " Will you address the graduates at my college " ?
And you 'll say " Yeah sure , when is it ? May 2010 ?
2010 ?
Yeah sure , that 's months away and then the nightmare begins .
The nightmare we 've all had and I assure you , you 'll continue to have even after graduation , 40 years after graduation .
About a week before the due date , you wake up in the middle of the night , " Huh , I have a paper due and I have n't done the reading , Oh my god !
" If you have been touched by the success fairy , people think you know why .
People think success breeds enlightenment and you are duty bound to spread it around like manure , fertilize those young minds , let them in on the secret , what is it that you know that no one else knows , the self examination begins , one looks inward , one opens an interior door .
Cobwebs , black , the lights bulbs burned out , the airless dank refrigerator of an insanely over-scheduled , unexamined life that usually just gets take-out .
Where is my writer friend , Anna Quindlen when I need her ?
On another book tour .
Hello I 'm Meryl Streep , and today , Class of 2010 and I am really , I am very honored , and humbled to be asked to pass on tips and inspiration to you for achieving success in this next part of your lives .
President Spar , when I consider the other distinguished medal recipients and venerable Board of Trustees , the many accomplished faculty and family members , people who 've actually done things , produced things , while I have pretended to do things , I can think about 3,800 people who should have been on this list before me and you know since my success has depended wholly on putting things over on people .
So I 'm not sure parents think I 'm that great a role model anyway .
I am however an expert in pretending to be an expert in various areas , so just randomly like everything else in this speech , I am or I was an expert in kissing on stage and on screen .
How did I prepare for this ?
Well most of my preparation took place in my suburban high school or rather behind my suburban high school in New Jersey .
One is obliged to do great deal of kissing in my line of work .
Air kissing , a**-kissing , kissing up and of course actual kissing , much like hookers , actors have to do it with people we may not like or even know .
We may have to do it with friends , which , believe it or not is particularly awkward , for people of my generation , it 's awkward .
My other areas of faux expertise , river rafting , miming the effects of radiation poisoning , knowing which shoes go with which bag , coffee plantation , Turkish , Polish , German , French , Italian , that's Iowa-Italian from the bridges of Madison county , bit of the Bronx , Aramaic , Yiddish , Irish clog dancing , cooking , singing , riding horses , knitting , playing the violin , and simulating steamy sexual encounters ,
these are some of the areas in which , I have pretended quite proficiently to be successful , or the other way around .
As have many women here , I 'm sure .
Women , I feel I can say this authoritatively , especially at Barnard where they can't hear us , what am I talking about ? They professionally can't hear us .
Women are better at acting than men .
Why ?
Because we have to be , if successfully convincing someone bigger than you are of something he does n't know is a survival skill ,
this is how women have survived through the millennia .
Pretending is not just play .
Pretending is imagined possibility .
Pretending or acting is a very valuable life skill and we all do it .
All the time , we do n't want to be caught doing it but nevertheless it 's part of the adaptations of our species , we change who we are to fit the exigencies of our time , and not just strategically , or to our own advantage , sometimes sympathetically , without our even knowing it for the betterment of the whole group .
I remember very clearly my own first conscious attempt at acting .
I was six placing my mother 's half slip over my head in preparation to play the Virgin Mary in our living room .
As I swaddled my Betsy Wetsy doll I felt quieted , holy , actually , and my transfigured face and very changed demeanor captured on super-8 by my dad pulled my little brother Harry to play Joseph and Dana too , a barnyard animal , into the trance .
They were actually pulled into this nativity scene by the intensity of my focus .
In my usual technique for getting them to do what I want , yelling at them would never ever have achieved and I learned something on that day .
Later when I was nine , I remember taking my mother 's eyebrow pencil and carefully drawing lines all over my face , replicating the wrinkles that I had memorized on the face of my grandmother whom I adored and made my mother take my picture and I look at it now and of course , I look like myself now and my grandmother then .
But I do really remember in my bones , how it was possible on that day to feel her age .
I stooped , I felt weighted down but cheerful , you know I felt like her .
Empathy is at the heart of the actor 's art .
And in high school , another form of acting took hold of me .
I wanted to learn how to be appealing .
So I studied the character I imagined I wanted to be that of the generically pretty high school girl . I researched her deeply , that is to say shallowly , in Vogue , in Seventeen , and in Mademoiselle Magazines .
I tried to imitate her hair , her lipstick , her lashes , the clothes of the lithesome , beautiful and generically appealing high school girls that I saw in those pages . I ate an apple a day , period .
I peroxided my hair , ironed it straight .
I demanded brand name clothes , my mother shut me down on that one .
But I did , I worked harder on this characterization really than anyone I think I 've ever done since .
I worked on my giggle , I lightened it .
Because I like it when it went , kind of " ehuh " and the end , " eheeh " " ehaeaahaha " because I thought it sounded child like , and cute .
This was all about appealing to boys and at the same time being accepted by the girls , a very tricky negotiation .
Often success in one area precludes succeeding in the other .
And along with all my other exterior choices , I worked on my , what actors call , my interior adjustment .
I adjusted my natural temperament which tends to be slightly bossy , a little opinionated , loud , a little loud , full of pronouncements and high spirits , and I willfully cultivated softness , agreeableness , a breezy , natural sort of sweetness , even shyness if you will , which was very , very , very effective on the boys .
But the girls did n't buy it .
They did n't like me ;
they sniffed it out , the acting .
And they were probably right , but I was committed , this was absolutely not a cynical exercise , this was a vestigial survival courtship skill I was developing .
And I reached a point senior year , when my adjustment felt like me , I had actually convinced myself that I was this person and she , me , pretty , talented , but not stuck-up .
You know , a girl who laughed a lot at every stupid thing every boy said and who lowered her eyes at the right moment and deferred , who learned to defer when the boys took over the conversation ,
I really remember this so clearly and I could tell it was working ,
I was much less annoying to the guys than I had been , they liked me better and I like that ,
this was conscious but it was at the same time motivated and fully - felt this was real , real acting .
I got to Vassar which 43 years ago was a single-sex institution , like all the colleges in what they call the Seven Sisters , the female Ivy League and I made some quick but lifelong and challenging friends .
And with their help outside of any competition for boys my brain woke up .
I got up and I got outside myself and I found myself again . I didn't have to pretend , I could be goofy , vehement , aggressive , and slovenly and open and funny and tough and my friends let me .
I did n't wash my hair for three weeks once . They accepted me like the Velveteen Rabbit .
I became real instead of an imagined stuffed bunny but I stockpiled that character from high school and I breathed life into her again some years later as Linda in the " Deer Hunter .
" There is probably not one of you graduates who has ever seen this film but the " Deer Hunter " it won best picture in 1978 Robert De Niro , Chris Walken , not funny at all .
And I played Linda , a small town girl in a working class background , a lovely , quiet , hapless girl , who waited for the boy she loved to come back from the war in Vietnam .
Often men my age , President Clinton , by the way , when I met him said , " Men my age , mention that character as their favorite of all the women I 've played " .
And I have my own secret understanding of why that is and it confirms every decision I made in high school .
This is not to denigrate that girl by the way or the men who are drawn to her in anyway because she 's still part of me and I 'm part of her .
She was n't acting but she was just behaving in a way that cowed girls , submissive girls , beaten up girls with very few ways out have behaved forever and still do in many worlds .
Now , in a measure of how much the world has changed the character most men mention as their favorite is , Miranda Priestly .
Now as a measure of how the world has changed .
The character most men mention as their favorite .
Miranda Priestly . The beleaguered totalitarian at the head of Runway magazine in Devil Wears Prada .
To my mind this represents such an optimistic shift .
They relate to Miranda . They wanted to date Linda . They felt sorry for Linda but they feel like Miranda .
They can relate to her issues , the high standards she sets for herself and others .
The thanklessness of the leadership position . The " Nobody understands me " thing . The loneliness .
They stand outside one character and they pity her and they kind of fall in love with her but they look through the eyes of this other character .
This is a huge deal because as people in the movie business know the absolute hardest thing in the whole world is to persuade a straight male audience to identify with a woman protagonist to feel themselves embodied by her .
This more than any other factor explains why we get the movies we get and the paucity of the roles where women drive the film .
It 's much easier for the female audience because we were all grown up brought up identifying with male characters from Shakespeare to Salinger .
We have less trouble following Hamlet 's dilemma viscerally or Romeo 's or Tybalt or Huck Finn or Peter Pan  I remember holding that sword up to Hook  I felt like him .
But it is much much much harder for heterosexual boys to identify with Juliet or Desdemona , Wendy in Peter Pan or Joe in Little Women or the Little Mermaid or Pocohontas .
why I do n't know , but it just is .
There has always been a resistance to imaginatively assume a persona , if that persona is a she .
But things are changing now and it 's in your generation we 're seeing this .
Men are adapting  about time  they are adapting consciously and also without consciously and without realizing it for the better of the whole group .
They are changing their deepest prejudices to regard as normal the things that their fathers would have found very very difficult and their grandfathers would have abhorred and the door to this emotional shift is empathy .
As Jung said , emotion is the chief source of becoming conscious .
There can be no transforming of lightness into dark of apathy into movement without emotion .
Or as Leonard Cohen says pay attention to the cracks because that 's where the light gets in .
You , young women of Barnard have not had to squeeze yourself into the corset of being cute or to muffle your opinions but you have n't left campus yet .
I 'm just kidding .
What you have had is the privilege of a very specific education .
You are people who may able to draw on a completely different perspective to imagine a different possibility than women and men who went to coed schools .
How this difference is going to serve you it 's hard to quantify now , it may take you forty years like it did me to analyze your advantage .
But today is about looking forward into a world where so-called women 's issues , human issues of gender inequality lie at the crux of global problems from poverty to the AIDS crisis to the rise in violent fundamentalist juntas , human trafficking and human rights abuses and you 're going to have the opportunity and the obligation , by virtue of your providence , to speed progress in all those areas .
And this is a place where the need is very great , the news is too .
This is your time and it feels normal to you but really there is no normal .
There 's only change , and resistance to it and then more change .
Never before in the history or country have most of the advanced degrees been awarded to women but now they are .
Since the dawn of man , it 's hardly more than 100 years since we were even allowed into these buildings except to clean them but soon most of law and medical degrees will probably also go to women .
Around the world , poor women now own property who used to be property and according to Economist magazine , for the last two decades , the increase of female employment in the rich world has been the main driving force of growth .
Those women have contributed more to global GDP growth than have either new technology or the new giants India or China .
Cracks in the ceiling , cracks in the door , cracks in the Court and on the Senate floor .
You know , I gave a speech at Vassar 27 years ago .
It was a really big hit .
Everyone loved it , really .
Tom Brokaw said it was the very best commencement speech he had ever heard and of course I believed this .
And it was much easier to construct than this one .
It came out pretty easily because back then I knew so much .
I was a new mother , I had two academy awards and it was all coming together so nicely .
I was smart and I understood boiler plate and what sounded good and because I had been on the squad in high school , earnest full-throated cheerleading was my specialty so that 's what I did but now , I feel like I know about 1/16th of what that young woman knew .
Things do n't seem as certain today .
Now I 'm 60 , I have four adult children who are all facing the same challenges you are .
I 'm more sanguine about all the things that I still do n't know and I 'm still curious about .
What I do know about success , fame , celebrity that would fill another speech .
How it separates you from your friends , from reality , from proportion .
Your own sweet anonymity , a treasure you do n't even know you have until it 's gone .
How it makes things tough for your family and whether being famous matters one bit , in the end , in the whole flux of time .
I know I was invited here because of that . How famous I am .
I how many awards I 've won and while I am I am overweeningly proud of the work that , believe me , I did not do on my own .
I can assure that awards have very little bearing on my own personal happiness .
My own sense of well-being and purpose in the world . That comes from studying the world feelingly , with empathy in my work .
It comes from staying alert and alive and involved in the lives of the people that I love and the people in the wider world who need my help .
No matter what you see me or hear me saying when I 'm on your TV holding a statuette spewing , that 's acting .
Being a celebrity has taught me to hide but being an actor has opened my soul .
Being here today has forced me to look around inside there for something useful that I can share with you and I 'm really grateful you gave me the chance .
You know you do n't have to be famous .
You just have to make your mother and father proud of you and you already have .
Bravo to you .
Congratulations
Last Thursday we wrote about Firefox's launch of its newest version , 3.6.4.
This version separated the browser itself from the plug-ins that ride it .
So if a plug-in were lagging , or otherwise going haywire , it wouldn't crash the whole screen .
These improvements are restricted to Linux and Windows until Version 4.0 .
Today , Mozilla has announced a further upgrade to version 3.6.6 .
With 3.6.6 , the time-out has been increased .
According to Mozilla's Mike Beltzner ,
Following the release of Firefox 3.6.4 we heard from some users , mainly those using older computers , that they sometimes expect longer periods of non-responsiveness from plug-ins , especially with games . For these users the default timeout of 10 seconds was too short .
To address this , we increased the amount of time Firefox waits for a plug-in to respond before terminating it from 10 to 45 seconds .
" This update is automatic and does not require a second upload .
Do you write ' Mr and Mrs ? '
Scientists claim it is a sexist throwback to the 16th century .
Do you write the man's name of a couple first ?
This is an old-fashioned world view according to psychologists Sexist thinking is still alive and well in what we write , according to psychologists .
They said letters that begin ' Dear Sir / Madam ' and references to ' Mr and Mrs ' are both remnants of an old-fashioned world view that placed men before women .
Dr Peter Hegarty , who led a team from the University of Surrey , said : '
In the 16th century , naming men before women became the acceptable word order to use because of the thinking that men were the worthier sex .
This grammar has continued with ' Mr and Mrs , ' ' his and hers ' and the names of romantic couples like Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet .
While the original sexist ideas behind this grammar are no longer accepted ,
we wanted to investigate whether the sexist habit of male names coming before female names still holds true and the psychological reasons why this might be ' .
The psychologists first conducted an investigation on the internet using 20 popular British and American boys ' and girls ' names .
The researchers searched for cross-gender name pairings which placed either the male or female name first , for instance ' David and Sarah ' or ' Sarah and David . '
For British name pairs , male -first pairings accounted for 79 percent of the mentions .
In the case of American names , 70 percent of mentions were male -first .
' These results were found to be statistically significant , and support the idea that gender stereotypes still affect the written language ' , said Dr Hegarty .
Next , 121 people were asked to imagine a heterosexual couple who were either quite traditional and who confirm strictly to gender scripts about how the two genders should behave , or non-traditional who deviate radically .
They were then invited to write down five name combinations for their imaginary couple .
Participants named ' traditional couples ' men -first more often than by chance .
This effect was not seen for ' non-traditional couples . '
In a third study 86 people wrote down names of an imagined lesbian or gay couple .
They then had to assign attributes such as earnings , fashion or sport interests , and physical characteristics to each individual .
The volunteers assigned significantly more masculine and fewer feminine attributes to the person they named first .
The research is published today in the British Journal of Social Psychology .
Dr Hegarty said :
The results of our studies suggest that people tend to put men , or male qualities , before women .
As this is a remnant of the sexist grammar of the 16th century , it would seem that psychologically we are still sexist in writing ' .
AFTER five years of stalemate , a compromise between Hong Kong's democrats and Chinese officials has paved the way for the approval of fiercely debated political reforms by the territory's legislature .
This spares the local government potential embarrassment .
It will allow a majority of legislators to be elected by popular vote for the first time in Hong Kong's history .
For China , too , these will be uncharted waters .
Noisy demonstrations by hundreds of people outside the Legislative Council , or Legco , building in central Hong Kong suggested that the package will not end political feuding over the pace of democratic reform .
The demonstrators accused the Democratic Party , the biggest pro-democracy group , of abandoning its principles by supporting the compromise .
As The Economist went to press , Legco was still debating the most controversial reforms , of the next Legco election in 2012 , but had approved changes to the election for the chief executive in the same year .
Of Legco 's 60 members only a dozen or so were expected to vote against the Legco -related motion .
Objectors say the package fails to spell out how Hong Kong will eventually achieve full democracy .
One Democratic Party legislator quit the party in protest .
Yet the concessions made by the Chinese and Hong Kong government are more striking .
The reforms will increase the number of Legco seats to 70 in the next elections .
Five of the new seats will be directly elected , representing geographical constituencies .
The other five will represent district councils , which look after local issues such as cultural events and environmental projects .
Originally China had opposed any change in the equal split in Legco between geographical seats and those for " functional constituencies , " returned by business , professional and other interest groups .
Members chosen by functional constituencies are mostly pro-government .
Their votes , added to those of the handful of directly elected pro-government legislators , ensure that on most issues the government and its backers in Beijing get their way .
Pro-democracy politicians demand that functional constituencies be scrapped by 2020 , which is when China has promised " universal suffrage " for Legco elections .
China is reluctant to abolish them .
But during talks with Democratic Party leaders on June 20th ,
a senior Chinese official agreed to the party 's proposal for the five new seats reserved for district councillors to be chosen by a much bigger electorate .
The candidates would be nominated by district councillors , but everyone who does not have a vote in another functional constituency ( about 93 % of the electorate ) would be allowed to pick the winners .
Arcane and trivial though it sounds , this was a remarkable turnaround from earlier Chinese hints .
Officials probably worried that if they did not concede the point , the political-reform package might be rejected by Legco .
Changes in voting arrangements need the support of two-thirds of legislators , which in effect gives the pro-democracy camp a veto .
In 2005 the government suffered a severe political blow when legislators turned down its first attempt at political reform .
The Democratic Party has been bitterly attacked by its ideological allies for abandoning its earlier insistence on popular elections for all seats in 2012 .
They say that by accepting an expanded electoral base for the district council-filled seats ,
the Democratic Party has implicitly endorsed the idea of functional constituencies , and made it even harder to persuade China to abolish them .
Approval of the package means Donald Tsang , Hong Kong's chief executive , no longer has to worry about leaving office in 2012 having made no progress towards greater democracy .
That remains a stated goal of his and China 's governments , much as China clearly hopes to load the dice against democrats .
It is for Mr Tsang 's successor , and new leaders who will take over in China too in 2012 , to do battle with the democrats over the next steps .
Browser Testing :
A Family Tree One task drives web professionals to distraction more than almost any other :
testing whether their design works equally well in a multitude of browsers and on different devices .
The list of browsers and platforms to verify against keeps getting longer , and as designers , our tempers are getting proportionally shorter ;
IE6 will probably feature in nightmares for years to come !
Yet doing our work in an ever-widening range of situations is becoming increasingly important .
This article highlights the most common issues that arise when testing with " the usual suspects " and explains why a change in tactics may soon be needed .
Your entire perspective on compatibility testing could change .
The Fantastic Five Back during the browser wars , designers had to suffer through constant bickering between Internet Explorer and its rival ( some things never change . )
The turning point came when newer browsers committed to supporting web standards , which gradually eroded Internet Explorer 's dominance of the browser market .
Times are changing . The increasing relevance of mobile browsing devices and new rendering engines has led to a desire among designers to curb the need to test on every device imaginable .
Designers now resort to playing a numbers game , usually by testing their work in the five or six most common browsers , then claiming coverage of the rest .
While this seems like an easy fix , it presents a few problems , because unlike in print , one size certainly does n't fit all .
Although the market is dominated by five browsers , designers should n't disregard the orange " Others " slice .
Visitors on other browsers still need to be accommodated .
The key to accurately presenting your website 's lovely design to the end user is the rendering engine .
One might assume that if you tested a website in the most popular browser for each of the Trident , Gecko , Commit and Presto rendering engines ,
then you could safely ignore other devices that share the same engines because you would have covered the vast majority of users .
I generally agree that testing in these browsers alone would catch any problems that are visible to the user ,
but testing in a broader range of browsers , devices and systems has its benefits .
It 's worth examining potential problems and deciding whether further testing is required in order to give visitors the best possible experience .
Beyond the Breaking
Point An obvious issue these days is device ( or plug-in ) dependence , which affects browsers not only at the browser level but at the rendering level .
The Apple faithful are surely aware of the iPhone and iPad 's issues with Flash  and because Adobe and Apple started boo'ing each other , we 're still hearing about it .
While Flash does indeed handle the general rendering of content all by itself , testing only in the most popular browsers would n't necessarily show problems with it .
While mainstream technologies ( both open and closed ) are at risk of exclusion , expanding your test base can be critical .
Flash renders outside of the browser , but not every web browser can make use of the technology .
Another issue is the versions of rendering engines .
While having the latest and greatest browser is key to taking advantage of new technologies ,
the continued use of older versions ( especially the various devil-incarnate versions of Internet Explorer ) requires that we limit ourselves not only to the latest builds of a renderer but also to those that can still function in environments where upgrading software would be either unsuitable or impossible .
Even in compatibility mode , testing in current browsers does not account for old versions of the browsers that use earlier versions of the rendering engines .
Internet Explorer 6.0 uses an older and buggier version of the Trident desktop browser rendering engine .
Rendering issues might also occur if there are differences between the device and platform being used .
It goes without saying that testing your website on a range of mobile handsets and pocket surfers may drive you to the brink of insanity , particularly given how different everything can appear .
Designing for such a small screen can be quite a task , especially because conventions for mobile devices are still in their infancy .
But this issue applies to desktop platforms , too .
It 's not uncommon to see minor rendering issues crop up between Windows and Mac versions of Firefox ,
A List Apart cares so much about rendering differences that it has a separate design for mobile devices .
Another key component that might differ from browser to browser is the JavaScript engine .
In the early days , the only question about JavaScript was whether to use it .
These days , browsers with the same visual rendering engine often have different JavaScript engines
( Chrome and Safari are a perfect example . )
Using multiple browsers to benchmark your website 's ability to render those gorgeous jQuery scripts is of equal importance , especially if your design has a lot of functional interactivity .
Chrome Experiments showcases the rendering performance of Google's browser .
And finally , a topic that gets some people cheering and others groaning : accessibility !
In many people 's eyes , accessibility and the way a browser renders a website are n't related .
But it 's worth noting that when people visit your website , their accessibility software might force them to use a particular browser , one that supports the computer 's screen reader or their accessibility device .
In such cases , minority browsers may be overlooked entirely .
Remember that your design should also work for these people whose needs are often forgotten .
Opera may have a small market share , but its voice options can be a lifesaver for those with special needs .
The Long-Term Cure
Given all of the accessibility needs , different JavaScript engines , cross-platform issues , display differences , technology dependencies like Flash and the mobile revolution , one could be excused for resenting how much testing is needed .
Still , have a look at your target audience 's needs to see whether expanding your current testing workflow would yield long-term results .
Take some time to communicate with your visitors .
Perhaps you could run a poll asking which browsers and devices they 're on , and then examine your statistics to see whether they 've mentioned ways you could improve or expand the interaction on your website .
You may find that you need a mobile design , or maybe there is enthusiasm for an iPhone app , or you may simply get more bug reports for minority browsers .
Encouraging feedback is paramount in the evolutionary process of design .
Statistics packages can give a clear idea of which devices have been used to visit your website .
Reaching customers on an increasingly broader scale is something every website owner should consider in the context of usability .
Good communication creates an emotional connection with visitors ;
they feel like their interest is being validated and their time well-spent , and this can turn clicks into customers .
Staying on top of things at the testing stage , then , goes beyond fixing visual flaws .
A wider testing field could lead to new features and unique ways of navigating the website . One reward could be a deeper bond with your website 's regular visitors and fans .
Start Your Engines
How you would expand the testing process is beyond the scope of this article , but the simplest way to improve your website 's appearance and the user experience is by ensuring that everything looks presentable on screen .
Below is a list of a wide range of browsers , both mobile and desktop , which might help you widen your horizon as you test .
While some will render your design the same , these browsers should help you ascertain the scale of the tests you will need to perform .
More browsers will no doubt be created ( and some may already exist , ) so consider the future as well .
Both desktop and mobile platforms have a broad range of rendering engines .
While browsers built with Trident , Gecko , Webkit and Presto are included ,
other rendering engines with a user base have not been included here because of the very limited range of devices that support them .
Devices and browsers with unique rendering engines ( text , visual and mobile ) that are not mentioned here can be tested individually and could potentially increase the compatibility of your design .
I recommend the browsers highlighted below for each platform .
With the exception of the Mac , which uses Tasman , all of these use the Trident rendering engine :
All of these use of the Gecko ( previously Mozilla ) desktop rendering engine :
All of these use the Webkit rendering engine ( or the KHTML fork in Konqueror's case ):
Because Presto is a proprietary platform , it 's no surprise that it is limited to Opera projects :
Over the Rainbow
Perhaps your website is entirely free of errors . Perhaps it looks great in every situation .
But if you consider the sheer scale of the requirements for compatibility across platforms , no longer do the big five give you an accurate picture of web users as a whole .
If you take away only one thing from this article , then understand the value of spending more time analyzing your visitors ' needs , because that will help you re-evaluate the testing phase to encompass a wider range of scenarios .
Spend extra time going over browsers for each rendering engine , and do n't forget about the following :
other operating systems , which might have differences ;
other types of devices ( such as mobiles , ) which might render very differently ;
unique JavaScript renderers , which have implications for speed ;
older versions of web browsers ;
and in general the wider scope .
Summary
In a world where people are willing to invest time , effort and money into making their websites as friendly as possible by catering to search engines and social media ,
ensuring that your design works ( rather than focusing on pixel perfection  remember , the web is not print ) can be more valuable to the hundreds or thousands of people who access your website in different ways .
It certainly could mean the difference between attracting customers and having frustrated " Hi and goodbye " visitors .
Most organizations schedule time for creativity .
Call it a brainstorming or an off-site or any other clever title you want to give it -
the concept is the same - it 's a time in the calendar to be creative , to think outside the box , come up with innovative solutions or generate ideas .
The problem is , you ca n't schedule creativity .
When we " sit down to think " , we engage our rational brains .
This is the part of the brain we use to weigh the pros and cons or engage our " expertise " .
But consider how many problems or ideas we have in the shower , in the car heading to work , laying in bed or any other place that we 're certainly not consciously trying to solve any problems .
That 's because our subconscious brains - our limbic " feeling " brains - have access to vastly more information than our conscious " thinking " brains .
Monumental amounts more , in fact .
Our rational brains can access the equivalent of about 2 feet of information around us .
Our subconscious brains can access the equivalent of 11 acres of information around us .
Every experience , every lesson , every mistake , every success is all stored away and your brain has the capacity to access that information , even though you 're not conscious of it .
This is what gut decisions are - this is why we say they " feel " right .
Because the feeling part of our brain is digging deep into our past to help guide our decisions .
This is the reason experiences matter .
The more experiences you have , the more data your limbic brain has to access , which will help generate ideas or solve problems .
When we take showers or go for a drive ( or paint or run or wherever you allow your mind to wander , ) it continues trying to solve the issues we face in our lives at the time .
It accesses all our past experiences to help us see things our conscious brains can not .
This is the reason , when you visit an office filled with " creative " people , they have video games , pin ball machines , toys and all sorts of other distractions .
things to help " inspire " them .
I used to be one of those people who likes to take a quick shower in the morning and get on with my day .
But not anymore .
About 6 months ago , I realized that when I took longer showers , I would have about 2-3 really good ideas while in there .
So now I take long showers every morning and just listen to the water .
I do n't concentrate on anything , I do n't try to think of anything specific , I do n't spend more time washing .
I just stand under the water and let my mind wander .
I now get about 2-3 really good ideas every morning
( then I have to repeat them to myself out loud over and over while drying then run and take notes before I forget them . )
Find the place your mind wanders , the place you solve problems or have ideas and spend more time there .
If your morning commute is when you have all your ideas , for example , then , from time to time , just go for a drive without having a destination and just enjoy the drive .
Let your mind wander .
If your team has a big problem to solve or you need big ideas from them , do n't lock them in a room to figure it out -
let them go for a walk , wander around a museum together , listen to music . Play games , throw a ball around , read children 's books .
Let a mind wander and you 'll be amazed at what it discovers .
A month into my first trip to eastern Congo , site of the deadliest conflict since World War II , I had heard plenty of horror stories  from forced cannibalism to the burning alive of the inhabitants of entire villages .
I was no longer easily shocked .
But one exchange with an aid worker stopped me cold .
I arrived in Baraka , a town on Lake Tanganyika that was overrun with Congolese soldiers and international aid workers , in February 2007 .
I asked a disheveled European woman working with the United Nations about security .
She enthusiastically described her pet video project , to convince refugees in neighboring Tanzania that it was safe to return home .
No attacks " .
Stunned , I asked , " You do n't consider rape a security threat " ?
" It's cultural " .
That was the first of many times I would hear mass rape in Congo dismissed as " cultural " .
The sexual violence in Congo is among the worst on the planet .
The U.N. estimates that hundreds of thousands of women have been gang-raped , tortured and held as sexual slaves since the conflict began in 1998 .
That 's when armed groups began behaving like mafias , battling for control of the minerals in eastern Congo .
To control territory , militias use rape as their weapon of choice .
In May , the U.S. Senate included a provision in its financial regulation bill requiring publicly traded companies to ensure that " conflict minerals " are not purchased from militia-controlled mines in Congo .
Such efforts are welcome , if grossly overdue .
Still , we in the West too often find it easier to perceive rape as an accepted part of an unfamiliar culture rather than as a tool of war that we could help banish .
Too often , the enemy becomes all Congolese men rather than men with guns terrorizing the Congolese people .
By casting the chaos and violence as " men vs . women " or dismissing the crisis as " cultural " , we do a profound injustice to Congolese men .
we send an implicit insult :
It 's a pity , but , well  it 's just who you people are .
This perception is widespread .
I work full-time for Congolese women , and I find myself devoting an inordinate amount of energy to defending Congolese men ,
whether arguing with a gazillionaire at a backyard barbeque over " Africa's tribal rape rituals " or sitting on a panel with a human rights activist who waxes on about " the cultural roots of the sexual violence in Congo " .
Margot Wallstrom , the U.N. secretary general's special representative on sexual violence in conflict , recently described such thinking as the " lingering assumption that sexual violence is a tradition , rather than a tactic of choice " .
Any Congolese will tell you rape is not " traditional " .
It did occur in Congo before the war , as it does everywhere .
But the proliferation of sexual violence came with the war .
Militias and Congolese soldiers alike now use sexual violence as a weapon .
Left unchecked , sexual violence has festered in Congo's war-ravaged east .
This does not make rape cultural . It makes it easy to commit .
There is a difference .
Analysts often use the phrase " culture of impunity " to describe Congo .
John Prendergast , who has worked in African conflict zones for 25 years , explains :
" The rule of law breaks down and perpetrators commit crimes without fear of conviction or punishment .
Over time , this leads to further breakdown of societal codes and the very social fabric of a community " .
The media , aid workers and activists alike have consistently failed to tell the stories of Congolese men who were killed by fighters because they refused to commit rape .
In interviews with hundreds of women , I heard countless stories of men who chose to take a bullet in the head , literally , rather than violate their child , sister or mother .
In Baraka , one survivor recalled :
" They tried to make my older brother rape me .
So they raped me " .
It is dangerous .
The European aid worker who dismissed the violence as " cultural " implied that Congolese women should expect to be raped .
In so doing , she dismissed her responsibility to so much as warn returning refuges about the extreme security threat .
Later that day in 2007 , I met 20 Congolese women who had returned from refugee camps in the last six months .
In that time , half had been raped .
" Cultural relativism legitimizes the violence and discredits the victims , because when you accept rape as cultural , you make rape inevitable " , Mr. Wallstrom explained in a recent opinion essay co-authored with the Norwegian foreign minister , Jonas Gahr Store .
" This shields the perpetrators and allows world leaders to shrug off sexual violence as an immutable  if regrettable  truth " .
When we blame all Congolese men for sexual violence , not only do we imply that rape is inherent to the African landscape ,
we avoid critical questions , particularly regarding the role that we in the West play .
Who has been silent during 12 years of mass rape and off-the-charts atrocities ?
We have .
Who funds the bloodshed with our hunger for the latest computer processor and smart phone produced with minerals from Congo ?
We do .
Perhaps unwittingly , but we do .
Who helped the fighters get their guns ?
We did .
This prevents us from taking the basic steps required to end the crisis :
a coordinated international effort to choke off the militia leadership , some of whom reside in Europe and the United States ;
requirements that technology companies spend the extra penny per product that would guarantee conflict-free gadgets ;
and an aggressive plan to end the culture of impunity through justice and accountability measures .
When we label rape in Congo " cultural " , we let ourselves off the hook .
And that is a cultural issue . Ours .
Dreams of establishing a manned Moon base could become reality within two decades after India's first lunar mission found evidence of large quantities of water on its surface .
Data from Chandrayaan-1 also suggests that water is still being formed on the Moon .
Scientists said the breakthrough  to be announced by Nasa at a press conference today  would change the face of lunar exploration .
The discovery is a significant boost for India in its space race against China .
Dr Mylswamy Annadurai , the mission 's project director at the Indian Space Research Organisation in Bangalore , said :
" It 's very satisfying " .
The search for water was one of the mission 's main objectives , but it was a surprise nonetheless , scientists said .
The unmanned craft was equipped with Nasa 's Moon Mineralogy Mapper , designed specifically to search for water by picking up the electromagnetic radiation emitted by minerals .
The M3 also made the unexpected discovery that water may still be forming on the surface of the Moon , according to scientists familiar with the mission .
" It's very satisfying " , said Dr Mylswamy Annadurai , the project director of Chandrayaan-1 at the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) in Bangalore . " This was one of the main objectives of Chandrayaan-1 , to find evidence of water on the Moon " , he told The Times .
Dr Annadurai would not provide any further details before a news conference at Nasa today from Dr Carle Pieters , a planetary geologist of Brown University who oversaw the M3 .
Dr Pieters has not spoken about her results so far and was not available for comment last night , according to colleagues at Brown University .
But her results are expected to cause a sensation , and to set the agenda for lunar exploration in the next decade .
They will also provide a significant boost for India as it tries to catch up with China in what many see as a 21st-century space race .
" This will create a considerable stir .
It was wholly unexpected " , said one scientist also involved in Chandrayaan-1 .
" People thought that Chandrayaan was just lagging behind the rest but the science that's coming out , it's going to be agenda-setting " .
Scientists have long hoped that astronauts could be based on the Moon and use water found there to drink , extract oxygen to breathe and use hydrogen as fuel .
Several studies have suggested that there could be ice in the craters around the Moon's poles , but scientists have been unable to confirm the suspicions .
The M3 , an imaging spectrometer , was designed to search for water by detecting the electromagnetic radiation given off by different minerals on and just below the surface of the Moon .
Unlike previous lunar spectrometers , it was sensitive enough to detect the presence of small amounts of water .
M3 was one of two Nasa instruments among 11 pieces of equipment from around the world on Chandrayaan-1 , which was launched into orbit around the Moon in October last year .
ISRO lost control of Chandrayaan-1 last month , and aborted the mission ahead of schedule , but not before M3 and the other instruments had beamed data back to Earth .
Another lunar scientist familiar with the findings said :
" This is the most exciting breakthrough in at least a decade .
And it will probably change the face of lunar exploration for the next decade " .
Scientists are eagerly awaiting the results of two American unmanned lunar missions , which were both launched in June , that could also prove the existence of water on the Moon .
Early results from Nasa 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) recorded temperatures as low as - 238C ( minus 396.4F ) in polar craters on the Moon , according to the journal Nature .
That makes them the coldest recorded spots in the solar system , even colder than the surface of Pluto , and could mean that ice has been trapped for billions of years , the journal said .
The LRO has also detected an abundance of hydrogen , thought to be a key indicator of ice , at the poles .
The other Nasa mission , the Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite ( LCROSS ) is due to crash a probe into a polar crater on October 9 in the hope of sending up a plume of ice that can be examined by telescope .
" We are on the verge of a renaissance in our thinking about the poles of the Moon , including how water ice gets there " , Anthony Colaprete , principal investigator for LCROSS , said in Nature .
How to disable a tank
Chinese dissidents might be happy to step , unarmed , in front of a 70-tonne killing machine , but the rest of us ?
Andy Marshall , who heads tank-rental company Tanks A Lot , explains how , in theory , you could stop one in its tracks .
Firebomb it Home-made breakable-glass missiles have been used effectively against tanks in conflict since the Spanish Civil War .
So what -- hypothetically -- if you find yourself facing a hostile enemy ?
" Mix petrol and oils in a bottle and plug with a fuel-soaked cloth " ,
" Light the wick ; lob the bottle at the air intakes " .
Not advised for non-war situations , obviously .
Stop it in its tracks Like a shark , a tank is at its most efficient and powerful when it is on the move .
If you can halt its progress , you take away a lot of its power .
Damaging its tracks is probably the easiest way to disable it .
" A railway sleeper wedged between the wheels and the track will do some serious damage " , explains Marshall .
" And it might even throw the track off " .
Shoot at it If you're with the armed resistance , try firing a shaped charge warhead at it .
" You could use a high explosive squash head , which flattens out like a pancake when it hits . It then detonates and sends a shock wave through the armour which causes the inside to ' scab ' and fly about inside " .
A recoilless rifle or anti-tank guided missile might also do the trick .
Create obstacles If you're short of military-grade weapons , there are a couple of other devious techniques .
Create obstacles If you 're short of military-grade weapons , there are a couple of other devious techniques .
" You could dig an anti-tank ditch " , suggests Marshall . " Make a trench deep enough , perhaps 1.5 metres . If a tank falls in , it can't get out " .
If you ca n't dig , build a concrete pyramids known as " dragon's teeth " cause tanks to belly out and prevent climbing .
Armour means reduced vision ; these vehicles are vulnerable to a lone person creeping up .
Armour means reduced vision ; these vehicles are vulnerable to a lone person creeping up .
And if the tank separated from its crew , try prising a hatch open " .
Better still , negotiate peace .
CIA Files Show U.S. Blindsided By Korean War Sixty years after it started , the Korean War is not yet officially over , and the story of its origins is still unfolding .
A batch of newly declassified CIA documents indicates the United States and the South Korean government were caught unprepared for the conflict , in part because of intelligence failures and mistaken assumptions .
The war began on June 25 , 1950 , when the North Korean army stormed across the 38th parallel that served as the dividing line on the Korean peninsula between the Soviet-dominated northern half and the U.S.-controlled southern sector .
Kim Il Sung , the North Korean leader , intended to bring all of Korea under communist rule .
He nearly succeeded .
South Korean forces offered little resistance to the invading North Korean army .
U.S. forces had been withdrawn from South Korea the previous year , with only about 400 advisers left behind to assist the South Korean government in the development of its military capabilities .
U.N. Role President Truman , upon learning of the North Korean action , decided it was a test case for the United Nations , which had been established just five years earlier .
He asked Secretary of State Dean Acheson to ask for an immediate meeting of the U.N. Security Council , and within 24 hours the U.S. ambassador , Warren Austin , was asking the U.N. to come to South Korea's defense .
" The Republic of Korea has appealed to the United Nations for protection " , Austin told the council .
" I am proud to report that the United States is prepared to furnish assistance " .
But help did not come fast enough for the South .
The North Koreans were far superior in numbers and weaponry , and the declassified CIA reports tell a story of panic and disarray on the southern side of the 38th parallel .
" Latest official reports indicate that the capture of Seoul is imminent " , said a CIA memorandum dated June 26 .
" South Korean units , their morale deteriorating , are incapable of resisting the determined artillery-tank-air assaults with the equipment now available " .
Within days , the North had seized control of the entire peninsula , except for a small area at the southern tip .
The United States , with U.N. support , rushed to South Korea's defense , with the news relayed to the U.S. population through movie newsreels .
" Against the Red invaders from North Korea , U.S. planes and U.S. ships are ordered into action " , one announcer dramatically intoned .
" Based in Japan , U.S. Air Force jets and Mustangs are within striking distance of Korea " .
U.S. ground forces soon joined the fight , but the going was tough .
In a radio and television address on July 19 , Truman said the attack had taken the United States by surprise , because the " communists " had kept their activities in North Korea a secret .
" It was from that area , where the communist authorities have been unwilling to let the outside world see what was going on , that the attack was launched against the Republic of Korea on June 25th " , Truman said . " That attack came without provocation and without warning " .
CIA Role Truman meant that the Soviet and North Korean leaders had provided no warning of their war plans , but neither had the CIA , as the agency's own reporting made clear .
Some U.S. officials saw another intelligence blunder , reminiscent of the failure to foresee the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 .
A newly declassified CIA memorandum from Jan . 13 , 1950 , shows that the CIA had not fully understood what was happening in North Korea in the months preceding the invasion .
In that memo , the CIA noted the gradual southward movement of the North Korean army but said it was probably " a defensive measure to offset the growing strength of the offensively minded South Korean Army " .
That report concluded that an invasion of the South by the North was " unlikely " .
Whether the CIA should be faulted for its failure to predict the invasion , however , is debatable .
At the time , the agency was just three years old and lacked resources .
" They didn't have the human capabilities or the technical collection capabilities to provide that kind of warning " , says CIA historian Clayton Laurie .
" That was something expected [ by ] the Truman administration , to prevent another Pearl Harbor , but nobody in the government had that kind of capability at the time " .
Whatever the explanation , the consequence was costly in U.S. and Korean lives .
Misreading China The initial intelligence failure was followed four months later by another one .
This time the question was whether China would join the fighting on the North Korean side .
Again , the recently declassified documents are revealing .
In a secret report prepared for the White House on Oct . 12 , 1950 , the CIA said it saw " no convincing indication " that a Chinese intervention in the war was forthcoming .
Even after Chinese forces began moving into North Korea a few weeks later , CIA analysts failed to understand what that movement meant .
CIA historian Laurie says the agency was providing strategic guidance but not " tactical " warning , which is far more specific .
" They know there are Chinese troops in Korea , engaging U.N. forces " , Laurie says , " but they do not provide the warning that this is China involved in the war and that this is the precursor of a bigger invasion " .
One explanation for the CIA's failure to predict neither the North Korean invasion nor the Chinese intervention in the war is that the agency , along with the rest of the U.S. government , was paying attention primarily to Moscow's actions .
A Kremlin-Centric View Truman himself , describing the Korean War in a radio and television address to the nation in April 1951 , portrayed it as being instigated from Moscow .
" The communists in the Kremlin are engaged in a monstrous conspiracy to stamp out freedom all over the world " , Truman said . " If they were to succeed , the United States would be numbered among their principal victims " .
That Kremlin-centered view characterized all CIA reporting from the time .
One report , titled Current Capabilities of the Northern Korean Regime and issued just six days before the North's invasion of the South described the North Korean regime as " a firmly controlled Soviet satellite that exercises no independent initiative and depends entirely on the support of the USSR for existence " .
A candid 2001 summary of prewar Korea reporting , written by a CIA case officer and published by the agency's own Center for the Study of Intelligence , concluded that the agency's assumption that the Soviets controlled North Korean decision-making " accounts for the failure to predict the North Korean attack " .
The failure to predict China's October 1950 intervention in the war may also have been due to the agency's assumption that Moscow was calling all the shots in Asia .
The Oct . 12 report , titled Threat of Full Chinese Communist Intervention in Korea , concluded with this statement : " While full-scale Chinese Communist intervention in Korea must be regarded as a continuing possibility , a consideration of all known factors leads to the conclusion that barring a Soviet decision for global war , such action is not probable in 1950 " .
[ emphasis added ] " The belief here is that this is monolithic communism " , says CIA historian Laurie , " that things are being orchestrated worldwide by the Soviet Union , and that nothing is going to happen in Asia or Africa without the Soviet Union saying , ' This is permissible ' , or ' Go ahead and do this .
' " The situation in Korea appears rarely to have been considered on its own merits .
Still Paying The Price A key moment had come in January 1950 ,
when Secretary of State Acheson , in a speech , defined " the defensive perimeter " that the United States was committed to protecting .
Korea was on the other side of the line .
That thinking may have explained the controversial U.S. decision , a few months earlier , to withdraw its forces from South Korea .
Korea historian William Stueck of the University of Georgia says the issue should have been given more thought and reflected the idea at the CIA and throughout Washington that it was Moscow that mattered , not Seoul or Pyongyang .
" Given the fact that Korea was not high on our list of priorities , it wasn't given the kind of attention at the very top level that could have resolved the bureaucratic conflicts that existed " , Stueck says .
Arguably , the United States is still paying the price for the intelligence mistakes of 60 years ago .
There was a cease-fire in 1953 , but no peace agreement .
The United States has long since made peace with both Russia and China , but the Korean conflict continues to this day ,
with analysts still struggling to understand the Koreans on their own terms .
The age of easy credit and its aftermath
Rich countries borrowed from the future .
Paying the bill will be difficult , and so will living in a thriftier world is as powerful a drug as alcohol and nicotine .
In boom times Western consumers used it to enhance their lifestyles , companies borrowed to expand their businesses and investors employed debt to enhance their returns .
For as long as the boom lasted , Mr Micawber 's famous injunction appeared to be wrong :
when annual expenditure exceeded income , the result was happiness , not misery .
For a long time debt in the rich world has grown faster than incomes .
As our special report this week spells out , it is not just government deficits that have swelled .
In America private-sector debt alone rose from around 50 % of GDP in 1950 to nearly 300 % at its recent peak .
The origins of the boom go even further back , reflecting huge changes in social attitudes .
In the 19th century defaulting borrowers were sent to prison .
The generation that lived through the Great Depression learned to scrimp and save .
But the wider take-up of credit cards in the 1960s created a " buy now , pay later " society .
Default became just a lifestyle choice .
The reckless lender , rather than the imprudent debtor , was likely to get the blame .
As consumers leveraged up , so did companies .
The average bond rating fell from A in 1981 to BBB - today , just one notch above junk status .
Firms that held cash on their balance-sheets were criticised for their timidity , while bankruptcy laws , such as America's Chapter 11 , prevented creditors from foreclosing on companies .
That forgiving regime encouraged entrepreneurs ( in Silicon Valley a bankruptcy is like a duelling scar in a Prussian officers ' mess ) but also allowed too many zombie companies to survive ( look at the airlines . )
And no industry was more addicted to leverage than finance .
Banks ran balance-sheets with ever lower levels of equity capital ;
private equity and hedge funds , which use debt aggressively , churned out billionaires .
The road to riches was simple :
buy an asset with borrowed money , then sit back and watch its price rise .
And now the reckoning Rich-world countries now face two sets of problems .
The most pressing is how to pay off their debts .
Many people who have cut back their credit-card spending and firms which have seen their credit lines slashed would be horrified to see how little the rich world's overall burden has fallen .
Much of the debt has merely moved from the private to the public sector as governments have correctly stepped in to support banks and save the economy from falling into depression .
And in the future , even more money will have to be raised , because of governments ' lavish promises of pensions and health care for the retiring baby-boom generation .
All this debt will have to be regularly refinanced and rolled over .
Crises of confidence are likely , given that the rich world 's trend rate of growth ( and thus the ability of debtors to service their loans ) looks set to slow .
Worse , much private debt is secured against assets ;
while the value of the debt is fixed , the value of the assets can fall .
This can cause a vicious circle as debtors are forced to sell assets , driving prices down .
Piling up more debt does not seem an option .
There is little appetite on behalf of borrowers or creditors .
All governments face the tricky balance of appeasing the markets without damaging growth :
Britain's new government had a go this week .
But living with less debt will present a second set of longer-term challenges .
The road to purgatory A rich world with less debt would look very different .
Banks are already facing demands for higher capital ratios ( and thus safer balance-sheets . )
Western consumers , facing higher taxes and lower benefits , will no longer have the freedom to spend ;
indeed , they will want to save more as they face long retirements .
Sarah Jessica Parker and her Manolo Blahniks will be out ;
Grandma Walton and her sensible apron will be in .
Houses will once again be somewhere to live , not vehicles for speculation .
Some business models , notably private equity , will find it tougher to thrive .
Life will be harder for entrepreneurs : more than half of all new firms rely on debt finance .
For policymakers , the priorities are clear .
First , they need to focus on generating growth .
America , with its relatively young , rising population , will find that comparatively easy .
Continental Europe , by contrast , runs the risk of ending up like Japan , which has spent two decades struggling to grow in the face of its debt burden and ageing population .
The best and the brightest young Europeans may emigrate to countries without such burdens ;
and if the economy stagnates , those that remain may eventually decide either to default on their debts , or to cut benefits to the elderly .
Faced with those dangers , Europe needs to embrace the structural reforms necessary to make its economies as fast-growing and flexible as possible .
Second , policymakers need to begin the long task of rebalancing the world economy .
It makes sense for Western countries , like workers in their 50s , to save for retirement rather than run up their credit-card bills .
But if one lot of people saves , another must borrow .
At the moment the developing world is unwilling to run current-account deficits ;
even getting China to save less is a huge task .
All the same , a shift is in everybody 's long-term interest  and the younger parts of the world should be the borrowers .
Weaning rich countries off their debt addiction will cause withdrawal symptoms .
Austerity does not appeal to voters , who may work off their frustrations on politicians and ( worse ) foreigners .
Mr Micawber 's phrase may be turned on its head again .
When annual income is forced to exceed annual expenditure , the result may well be misery .
Foetus ' cannot feel pain before 24 weeks '
The human foetus cannot feel pain before 24 weeks , according to an official review of scientific evidence , contradicting one argument that anti-abortion campaigners have used for reducing the termination limit .
Nerve endings in the brain are not sufficiently formed to enable pain to be felt before 24 weeks , according to the report by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , which had been commissioned by the Department of Health .
The report said :
" It can be concluded that the foetus cannot experience pain in any sense prior to this gestation " .
Professor Allan Templeton , president of the Royal College , who chaired the review , told The Times that research put forward by anti-abortion campaigners that the human foetus did feel pain at or before 24 weeks was based on evidence from premature babies .
This did not apply to the foetus in the womb , he said .
A second finding is that the foetus is naturally sedated and unconscious in the womb , leading the panel to advise that anaesthetics for the foetus are not needed when it is terminated .
" There's nothing in the report that suggests any need to review the upper limit " , said Prof Templeton .
The review would appear to remove one strut of the argument by pro-life campaigners that the current abortion limit needs to be lowered , although they are likely to challenge the Royal College 's findings .
Two years ago MPs voted on reducing the limit to 20 weeks , after the Conservative MP Nadine Dorries tried to change it by introducing an amendment to what was then the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill .
The motion was defeated by a comfortable majority of 71 .
At the time David Cameron said he backed reducing the limit to 20 weeks .
On Thursday Mrs Dorries , a former nurse and mother of three , said that there was " much more support " in the new intake of MPs for a change to the limit .
Nonetheless , many Liberal Democrat MPs are thought to be against reducing the limit .
A Downing Street spokesman said that the Prime Minister would " continue to be guided by the science on the matter . "
Anti-abortion campaigners also argue that survival rates for very premature babies have improved markedly in the last decade  although the statistics are not clear-cut  and that abortion is still the termination of a human life .
Tattoos : the hidden meanings Teardrops , swallows , cats and dreamcatchers  what do they all mean ?
Here's our guide to tattoo terminology Tattoos talk .
Rather than meaning something literal and universal , the art on our bodies is often personal and complicated .
A magnificent panorama of an underwater world is unlikely to simply declare the bearer 's love of trout .
However , some designs still shout a very particular meaning  to jaundiced eyes , at least .
1 Teardrop True to stereotype , the teardrop appeared in the dock this week .
During the trial of Kiaran Stapleton , accused of murdering Indian student Anuj Bidve in Manchester , the prosecution alleged that tattoo parlour staff remembered Stapleton 's visit two days after the murder because they reminded the 21-year-old that a teardrop below the eye could mean the wearer had killed someone .
Teardrops can be associated with death and prison .
In gangland , an unfilled teardrop may signify the death of a friend , with the person shading it in when they have avenged their loss .
Teardrops may also mean mourning  Amy Winehouse 's teardrop was said to symbolise her former husband Blake Fielder - Civil 's stint in prison .
2 . Anchor By the late 1800s , 90% of those serving in the British navy were tattooed and sailing iconography is still influential  particularly with the trend for retro " romantic " tattoos .
" Tattoos display an individual 's membership to a particular group in society " , writes sociologist Tony Lawrence .
Practically , tattoos could help identify drowned sailors .
Their meanings , however , depend on the era and even the specific ship .
An anchor could mean crossing the equator , the soul of a dead sailor or symbolise hope  we may no longer take perilous journeys on high seas but still seek to " anchor " our self .
According to Dr Matt Lodder , art historian at Reading University , rather than having a particular meaning , the anchor has also become an icon of tattooing  like the broken heart and the swallow .
3 . Swallow Swallows never fly far into the ocean and so their sighting was a sign that land was near  a symbol of hope and achievement for sailors .
Endless variations followed :
two swallows indicated a journey of 10,000 nautical miles while a swallow with a dagger through its heart was a memorial for a friend lost at sea .
A bird on a hand or neck can also say " jailbird . "
A friend with swallows flying across his arm lives a respectable life and yet is still routinely asked whether he has " done bird . "
4 Dolphin Before the explosion of 21st-century inking , tattoos were " mainly associated with those belonging to a lower social class  criminals , sailors , whores , soldiers , adventurers , perverts and the like  and at the other end of the scale with the eccentrics of high society , the rich and aristocratic " , wrote Schiffmacher and Riemschneider in 1000 Tattoos .
Hence our fascination with Samantha Cameron 's tat .
Dolphins may mean prosperity but also represent duality  a creature of the water , and a breather of air .
They suggest we are in two worlds at once  perfectly encapsulating Sam Cam 's commute between 10 Downing Street and her pad in the Cotswolds .
5 Cat Danzig Baldayev , a St Petersburg prison guard , spent three decades documenting the body art of inmates .
His life 's work , the three-volume Russian Criminal Tattoo Encyclopaedia , is captivating .
We learn that cats can symbolise a thief 's pedigree .
A single cat says they acted alone ;
several cats together indicate a gang .
6 Hidden codes Canada's Border Services Agency has a guide to tattoos that provides amusing evidence of how the authorities may stereotype tattooed gentlemen .
AFFA ( " Angel Forever , Forever Angel ) " on the knuckles screams Hell's Angel .
A noose is favoured by KKK fans .
VL stands for " vida loca "  my crazy life .
Then again , never assume the worst :
one man claimed " hate " on his knuckles stood for happiness all through eternity .
7 Clown face According to the Canadian authorities , clown faces can mean " Laugh now , cry later " and " play now , pay later , " which probably sums up the poor gang members ' emotions when caught in customs with an enormous bag of drugs and guns .
8 Spider's web When placed on elbows or shoulders , the spider's web traditionally denoted being caught in prison .
Other prison motifs include clock faces without hands , tombstones with numbers and a prison wall with bricks falling outward .
What on earth could that mean ?
9 Butterfly Psyche is Greek for both butterfly and soul , and butterflies are symbols of the soul in many cultures .
Through the wonder of metamorphosis , a wriggling worm becomes a winged angel and so butterflies most often denote transformation or change .
A butterfly tat need not be girly :
a friend knows a tough boxer who sports a tattoo of one of Britain 's daintiest butterflies  the small copper .
10 Dreamcatcher One of Miley Cyrus 's 14 - odd tattoos , the dreamcatcher , is also sported by Zac Efron .
According to Native American mythology , this is a protective covering for infants that stops the bad ( in this case : paparazzi , scandal , stalkers ) while letting the good ( cash , fame , screaming fans ) pass through .
So what are my chances of being mugged if I meet a man with a teardrop falling from the eye of a cat caught in a dreamcatcher ?
I ca n't be sure .
" A common mistake made about tattooing is that there is a simple link between a symbol and a message " , says Lodder , who points out that there is a third person in the relationship between tattoo and its bearer : the tattooist .
Just like a work of art in a gallery , a tattoo may say more about its creator than the person who displays it .
And the meaning of a tattoo may only be created after its bearer keeps being asked , what does it mean ?
" Sometimes you just want a cool tattoo " , says Lodder .
5 Mistakes of All Exercise Newbies
I boldly called this article 5 Mistakes of All Exercise Newbies though I will be writing about the mistakes that I made before I succeeded in creating an effective workout routine that I could stick with every day .
When I realized that I had to exercise in order to get back in shape I did n't realize how difficult it would actually be to exercise every day .
Though I knew a lot about exercises and about general mistakes that people make when they try to exercise regularly I managed to hit every bump on this road towards a fit life .
If you are looking for the excuses not to exercise or ways to stop exercising , then here I can provide you with the whole list of them .
Mistake 1 : I wo n't have enough time for a complete workout that is why it is better even not to start my exercise routine .
Five minutes wo n't change anything .
Right Way : Five minutes will change something .
If we are talking about 5 minutes a day , then we are looking at 35 minutes a week , and this is at least 200 calories burned that equals 1 oz of body fat .
This might seem not much , but if you look at this number then you can understand that the more you exercise the more calories you will burn and the stronger you will be .
Five minutes is a small step but still it is a step forward .
Mistake 2 : My babies ( husband , family , work ) need me and that is why I cannot devote time to myself .
Right Way :
I can say that this is one of the worst ideas that can come into your head .
At first I felt selfish when I tried to exercise instead of spending time with my family , but soon I realized that my family needed a happy mother and wife who was satisfied with her life and her body and who could enjoy time with her family .
I can also say that having a sexy body for your husband will only help you loose even more weight , if you know what I mean .
Mistake 3 : I exercised yesterday , so I can miss my training today .
Right Way :
That is exactly what I thought myself .
After I exercised for one week I missed one workout because I did n't feel well , I missed another one because I did n't sleep well , then I had to take care of the babies , then I had to fix lunch , dinner 
and the next time I thought about exercises I realized that it was two weeks since my last workout .
It was a horrible mistake that I made once and did n't let myself do it ever again .
I can do my exercises in the evening when I have some free time and when I am done with all my daily chores .
Right Way :
If you think this way then the time for your workout will never come .
Maybe you are a big exception , but as far as I know no matter how much you do around the house there still is something else left and if there is nothing else left then you are so tired that you ca n't even think not talking about working out .
I committed myself to do my exercises in the morning when everybody is still asleep .
This is my personal time that is as important as breakfast , lunch or supper for my body :
my body needs workout as much as it needs food that is why I do not feel guilty when I use 30 minutes in the morning only for myself .
Mistake 5 : I must do sit ups ( push ups , plank pose etc ) . every morning in order to reach my goal .
Right Way :
Human body gets used to the same exercise routine and it gets bored with it .
When I just started my morning exercises I decided to stick with yoga and so I thought that every day I must start with Sun Salutation .
After a week of " saluting the Sun " I got so bored with this routine that I almost felt sick when I was thinking about it and of course it did n't make me feel any good .
Then I started mixing different exercises in my morning routine and I became much happier .
I did what I wanted to do and not what I had to do .
Any exercise that is done without realizing what you are doing is absolutely useless for your body and soul .
These are the mistakes that I made as a novice in at-home workouts and I hope you wo n't trigger the same backflash .
I finally found the most effective routine for myself and I wrote about it in Easy Ways to Fight the Flab :
Simple Routines to Stay Lean and Mean
1 / 14 Malaga , Spain :
Fireworks explode over a beach during the festival of San Juan 's night , the shortest night of the year Photograph :
Jon Nazca / Reuters 2 / 14 Palmares , Brazil :
Debris fills a house after heavy rains caused flooding in the north-eastern state of Alagoas Photograph :
/ Reuters 3 / 14 Lima , Peru :
A dance troupe performs at a traffic junction .
The seven dancers , who make a living from tips given by drivers , earn about  6 each a day Photograph :
/ Reuters 4 / 14 Gauhati , India :
A Hindu holy man blows a buffalo horn at the Kamakhya temple during the annual Ambubasi festival Photograph :
/ AP 5 / 14 Dobrush , Belarus :
People in traditional clothing dance around a fire while celebrating Ivan Kupala Night to mark midsummer Photograph :
/ AFP / 6 / 14 Port-au-Prince , Haiti :
Pigs search for food on a rubbish dump Photograph :
/ AP 7 / 14 Zaton , Russia :
Residents use a boat to navigate a flooded street in a village on the River Ob Photograph :
/ Reuters 8 / 14 Kabul , Afghanistan :
Children look out of the back of a truck as they travel through the city Photograph :
/ AFP / 9 / 14 Jerusalem :
Boys pray during a reading class at the Kehilot Yaacov Torah school Photograph :
/ Reuters 10 / 14 Singapore :
A model swims in a pool at the opening of the Marina Bay Sands Skypark Photograph :
/ EPA 11 / 14 Conakry , Guinea :
Supporters of the Union des Forces Rpublicaines presidential candidate , Sidya Tour , attend a campaign rally Photograph :
/ Reuters 12 / 14 Rason , North Korea :
Tourists take photos on a sightseeing cruise Photograph :
/ EPA 13 / 14 Bibiclat , Philippines :
A boy holds a candle during a mass to celebrate the feast day of St John the Baptist Photograph :
/ Reuters 14 / 14 Yogyakarta , Indonesia :
A worker cuts up a cobra to make into burgers Photograph :
Rescuers are searching for 27 other people who were believed to have been buried by landslides in Wuzhou and Yulin cities ,
local official WangHai said , according to the Xinhua report .
Heavy rains began pounding China 's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region on Monday , triggering landslides early Wednesday that killed seven people in Wuzhou and 13 in Yulin , the report said .
More than 66,000 people were evacuated due to the heavy rains that caused economic losses of 600 million yuan ( $ 87.8 million , ) Xinhua reported .
In addition , the report said the rainstorms damaged 3,260 homes and 255,630 acres ( 103,450 hectares ) of crops ,
according to Guangxi 's Civil Affairs Department .
Stellar Shrapnel This composite image shows N49 , the aftermath of a supernova explosion in the Large Magellanic Cloud .
A new long observation from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory reveals evidence for a bullet shaped object being blown out of debris field left over from an exploded star .
Using the new Chandra data , the age of N49 ( as it appears in the image ) is thought to be about 5,000 years and the energy of the explosion is estimated to be about twice that of an average supernova .
These preliminary results suggest that the original explosion was caused by the collapse of a massive star .
Stocks rise in early trading ; euro edges higher
Stocks rose in early trading Wednesday as the market bounces back a day after major indexes plunged shortly before the close .
Stocks got a boost as the euro held above the four-year low it hit on Tuesday .
The euro , which is used by 16 European countries , has heavily influenced trading over the past month .
It has particularly influenced futures trading when there are few other economic reports out for investors to review and help drive trading .
The currency has become an indicator of confidence in Europe's ability to contain a sovereign debt crisis that began in Greece ,
but has spread to other countries , including Spain and Portugal .
The euro was nearly unchanged at $ 1.2203.
Early morning gains come even as overseas markets fall .
U.S. markets tumbled late Tuesday and Asian and European markets followed that decline , reacting to news that the U.S. government launched criminal and civil investigations of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
Attorney General Eric Holder's disclosure of the investigations led to a sell-off at the end of the day .
The Dow Jones industrial average tumbled nearly 113 points , its fifth decline in the last six sessions .
Japan's market was hurt Wednesday after its prime minister resigned ahead of an election next month .
In early trading , the Dow Jones industrial average rose 31.59 , or 0.3 percent , at 10,055.61.
The Standard &amp; Poor's 500 index rose 5.02 , or 0.5 percent , to 1,075.73 ,
while the Nasdaq composite index climbed 6.70 , or 0.3 percent , to 2,229.03.
With traders mostly focused on the health of Europe's economy and political events over the past month ,
domestic economic reports have taken somewhat of a backseat .
Stocks could not hold onto early gains Tuesday following a better-than-expected report on the manufacturing sector from the Institute for Supply Management .
A report Wednesday is expected to show pending home sales surged in April .
However , like many other housing reports from the month , investors are likely to dismiss the results .
That's because April was the final month for home buyers to qualify for a tax credit .
Analysts widely expect housing data to weaken in the coming months because the credit has expired .
The National Association of Realtors pending home sales index , which tracks signed contracts to buy previously occupied homes ,
likely rose to 108 in April , according to economists surveyed by Thomson Reuters . That would represent a 5 percent increase from March's reading of 102.9.
Good news for the global economy :
China is letting wages rise in an effort to rebalance its growth
Workers struck Honda's transmission factory in Foshan , China , ten days ago .
The most amazing thing about the strike , which forced Honda to suspend production at its four joint-venture assembly plants in China , is that we know about it at all .
Most strikes in China don't get much space in the country's government-controlled press .
They're typically hushed up and resolved in a day or two under pressure from the government on workers and employers .
That practice is designed to prevent news of a strike for higher wages and better working conditions at one factory from fueling nationwide demands by workers .
In the case of the Honda strike , however , the government allowed relatively extensive coverage in state-controlled newspapers and on the Internet for the first few days of the strike .
As the strike dragged on , Beijing gradually clamped down on reporting on the strike .
But the amount of initial coverage and the extended duration of the strike without official action are signs of a change of direction in China's economic policy .
What's the change ?
Some part of China's leadership is clearly serious about rebalancing the Chinese economy to increase the emphasis on domestic consumer purchasing and to decrease the reliance on exports and infrastructure for economic growth .
China 's economy is almost a mirror-image of the U.S. economy where 70 % of the economy is based on consumer spending .
In China consumers account for something like 30 % to 40 % of GDP .
A rebalancing of the Chinese economy that increased demand from Chinese consumers for the goods of other countries would be good news for the global economy .
The global economy remains too dependent on buying by debt-strapped U.S. consumers for its long-term health .
One way to increase domestic demand would be to let wages rise .
And Beijing seems to be committed to allowing wages to rise in its export industries .
For blue-collar manufacturing workers in the export zone around HongKong wages have doubled in the last five years .
Honda's most recent offer to workers at its transmission plant is for a 24 % pay increase to 1,910 yuan ( $ 280 ) a month .
Trainees at the factory now make $ 132 a month and more experienced workers $ 220 a month .
( As of May 31 the company said most workers had accepted this offer ) .
Do not look for wage increases like this to destroy the low-cost labor base that makes China's export machine work .
While there are no good nationwide statistics on productivity in China ,
the data suggests that productivity growth is keeping up with wage increases .
What we 're seeing instead is a government decision to let more of those productivity gains flow through to workers in the form of higher pay rather than to corporate bottom lines .
China still has a long way to go to match the thinking of Henry Ford who rocked U.S. capitalism in 1914 by paying his workers $ 5 a day .
( That's equal to about $ 110 a day in 2008 dollars ) .
Ford explained his decision by saying that he wanted his workers to be able to afford the cars they built .
The Ford Model T , introduced in 1908 , initially sold for $ 825 .
Its price dropped every year as Ford's company refined its assembly lines .
The five-door Honda Fit sells for $ 15,000 .
when the company rolled out a suite of new products it says can change the Web as much as the hyperlink did .
That was the takeaway from founder Mark Zuckerberg's keynote address at Facebook 's F8 developer conference on Wednesday ,
Currently , it's challenging for websites to know anything about you , your interests or your friends .
That's good in some ways  privacy , for one
but bad in others : short of having , you know , a conversation ,
it's tricky to share with your friends what you're interested in and discover what they like too .
Facebook 's Open Graph ( the collective name for the products announced at F8 ) seeks to change that by ,
in essence , serving as an overarching , personal layer on top of the Web by incorporating your friends , interests and activities .
Pages making use of Facebook 's new technology are n't static :
they know who you are , what you like and what your friends like .
" We are building a Web where the default is social " , Zuckerberg said .
It's a bit confusing in principle , but it's simple in implementation .
Facebook wants all Web pages to have its " Like " button , which it released at the conference .
( TIME.com implemented the buttons in advance  you can see one at the top of this page ) .
Each time you indicate that you like something , that information is fed back to Facebook and then to the website you're on .
If enough of your friends like the same restaurant on Yelp ,
you 'll see that on Yelp and when you log in to Facebook .
Like this article ?
Click the button , and your friends may see your recommendation when they visit TIME.com.
This isn't completely a new idea , and it makes sense intuitively that if your friends like something , odds are , you 'll be interested in checking it out .
But Facebook has the mass and the technology to reach the entire Web .
The company has more than 400 million users , and implementing the " Like " functionality requires just a few lines of code .
Do n't be surprised when you start seeing the buttons and your friends ' pictures everywhere you go on the Web .
It's a disquieting notion for those critical of Facebook 's privacy record .
The company is already under fire in Germany for relaxing its privacy settings ,
and faces frequent complaints to the FCC about how much user data it surfaces .
But for his part , Zuckerberg says there's no privacy change that comes with Open Graph :
users have to click on a " Like " button for Facebook to learn anything about their preferences ,
and they still have the ability to select who is able to access this information .
The company already has a highly developed advertising platform , allowing advertisers to target users in narrowly defined demographics ,
like 20-year-old female juniors at the University of California , Berkeley , for example .
If Facebook is suddenly able to tap into your preferences as well , the platform could be that much more powerful .
it could soon have the ability to target advertisements more narrowly than anyone else .
While the company was tightlipped on any monetization plans going forward ( no changes to the ad platform were announced , )
Another thing missing from Facebook 's presentation was any talk of extending the Open Graph concept to the offline world .
Despite the massive growth of location-based social sites like Foursquare and Gowalla and the heavy emphasis on attaching location to tweets at Twitter's Chirp conference last week  its version of Facebook's F8 conference
Zuckerberg did not mention any plans to incorporate map data into status updates or user data anytime soon .
But a potential clue to the company 's plans was tucked into the registration material for F8 .
Each attendee received a plastic badge with radio-frequency identification ,
which they could use to post their location at the conference to Facebook ,
in a nifty application dubbed " Facebook Presence " .
Is this the company 's next big thing ?
For now , it's one of the few pieces of information that even Facebook wants left off the grid .
Located in the Atlantic Ocean about 700 kilometers from the coast of North Africa ,
Madeira Island is the top of a giant shield volcano that rises six kilometers from the ocean floor to reach an altitude of 1,862 meters above sea level .
When Portuguese explorers arrived there in the early 1400s ,
they were so impressed with the thick forest covering the steep ,
mountainous island that they called it Ilhe de Madeira , Island of Wood .
The Advanced Land Imager ( ALI ) on NASA's Earth Observing-1 satellite acquired this detailed , true-color image of Madeira on April 25 , 2010 .
The image shows that deep green forest survives intact on the steep northern slopes of the island ,
but in the south , where terrain is gentler , the terra-cotta color of towns and the light green color of agriculture are more dominant .
The forest of Madeira is known as Laurissilva , a forest that is similar to high-altitude tropical rain forests ( " cloud forests . ) "
Laurissilva is a relic of the forest that once thrived across southern Europe and North Africa , but which disappeared as the last ice age ended and the regional climate became hotter and drier .
Madeira's mild , subtropical climate and isolation preserved the laurel forest as it became extinct elsewhere .
The surviving Laurissilva is both a natural reserve and a World Heritage Site .
The remaining forest covers about 15,000 hectares , making it the largest Laurissilva forest in the world .
About 90 percent of the forest is believed to be old growth , primary forest , says the United Nations .
The Laurissilva includes a wide diversity of plants , including a number of rare ferns and flowering plants .
People pray near Moscow's Cathedral of Christ the Savior because of Russian Victory in War 1812 .
Russian President Putin poses for a picture during a ceremony to award members of the Russian national Paralympic team , who took part in the London 2012 Paralympic Games , in Moscow .
The 300th anniversary of Alexander Nevsky Cathedral was celebraded with the parade in St .
Kiara , a hybrid cross between ligress Zita and lion Sam , was born in Novosibirsk Zoo .
The lawmaker and former KGB colonel Gennady Gudkov famous for his scathing criticism and involvement in street protests against President Vladimir Putin was stripped of his parliament seat on Friday .
One of the real challenges in education is finding ways to give more people access to brilliant teachers who inspire and excite with their ability to bring material to life .
Today there are some great examples of how technology can enable almost anyone to learn from the world 's greatest minds .
A lot of people ask me what I'm reading and how I learn about new topics that interest me .
I am fortunate to have time to read a lot and I also like to view courses online from MIT 's OpenCourseware , Academic Earth , and others .
These courses have ignited a passion of mine , which is to think about how to harness this approach to students who otherwise wouldn't have access can experience these great courses and learn from these great teachers .
One of my favorite sources for great lectures is The Teaching Company .
Most of their courses are available as audio downloads and on DVD .
and the way they find the very best professors and best courseware is impressive and it shows in the overall quality of the teaching .
I had a chance to meet with The Teaching Company team ,
Most of my friends know how much I enjoy these courses as they've received many of them as holiday gifts .
At first I just watched all their science courses  geology , biology , medicine .
Those are quite good and I learned quite a bit .
Then I watched Big History which is taught by David Christian and is still my favorite course of all .
The course is so broad that it synthesizes the history of everything into one framework .
I 've gotten to know David over the past couple of years and we 're starting some work now to offer a version of Big History for high school students free online ,
it's something that I am incredibly excited about .
The first economics course I watched was Modern Economic Issues by Robert Whaples .
This course does a very good job explaining the economic viewpoint and how it applies in lots of situations .
I try to bring this type of thinking to problems .
You could say this course is mostly a microeconomics course  individual and business decisions based on price signals .
Whaples also talks about government policies relative to wages and improving the economy .
I would say Whaples is a very good teacher  clear with great examples and explanations .
My second economics course was America and the New Global Economy by Timothy Taylor .
This is a fantastic course focusing on macroeconomics ( overall economic results . )
He really explains what has happened in the world economy .
I found his region-by-region analysis incredibly valuable .
I knew some of the facts but I had never seen it explained as a whole like he did .
I would say he is an even better teacher than Whaples  one of the best even by the very high standards of The Teaching Company .
His discussion of government policies including investing in education and infrastructure are extremely lucid .
I agree with both of these economists almost 100 % even when they talk about some issues that are considered controversial .
Neither of these courses requires you to know economics before you watch them .
They both explain the terms they use very well .
If you are going to watch both I would suggest doing it in the order that I did .
I 'll be writing more about some of my favorite Open Courseware as well as other good sources for online educational material .
How ' green ' is the World Cup ?
A study conducted by the Norwegian government on behalf of the South African authorities estimates the 2010 competition will have a carbon footprint 6 times the size of the last World Cup in Germany .
Even allowing for the fact the study included the impact of transport to and from the World Cup , which Germany did n't , it still represents a hefty carbon footprint .
In response , the South African authorities have initiated substantial offsetting programs including urban tree-planting , but for local environmental activists that's not enough .
Once carbon is produced , claiming that offsetting is ' neutralizing ' the carbon footprint is nothing more than ' greenwash " , ' Bobby Peek , Friends of the Earth South Africa , told CNN .
" Sadly , Friends of the Earth South Africa believes nothing can be done to lessen the carbon footprint , despite the reassurances made by the various cities " .
Peek also claims that there have been unnecessary construction projects using thousands of tons of concrete -- one of the most carbon-intensive industries .
" In Durban the construction of an entirely new stadium was not necessary considering that there were two stadiums along side each other which could have been redeveloped rather than one completely demolished to make way for a new construction " , he said .
" Thus the ' savings made ' were negated by the need for virgin cement .
The cement industry is one of the main producers of CO2 .
For every ton of cement there is one ton of carbon produced " .
Others believe the World Cup is a lost opportunity for South Africa to be a world leader in making sport greener .
" I think South Africa has missed a trick in not seeking , of its own volition , to host the first ' carbon neutral ' mega-event " , Anton Cartwright , co-founder of Promoting Access to Carbon Equity told CNN .
" It would have cost them about $ 25 million had they mobilized a national effort -- which they were considering at one stage , and the national Department of Environmental Affairs even got as far as calling for proposals -- but this did not happen .
" Had South Africa spent this money , they would have secured the event 's legacy and kick-started South Africa 's renewable energy and energy efficient sector ,
I am not sure there is enough public awareness or political leadership on this issue in South Africa to appreciate quite what an opportunity has been passed up .
" It is a pity that the national Department of Environmental Affairs never pushed through with that program . "
So the ball has been passed from FIFA to national government to host cities ,
and at the local level not enough is being done in spite of a few brave but small exceptions .
Host city 's efforts have been variable , with a general over-reliance on tree planting .
" Cartwright admits that some host cities , most notably Durban and Cape Town , have tried to initiate projects , but says in general it has been left too late . "
Amidst the frenzy of getting stadiums and transport routes built , the carbon footprint was largely ignored " , he said . "
This is symptomatic of the space that climate change occupies in South African society and in macro-economic decision making in this country .
" However , the South African authorities remain adamant they have done all they can with the resources available . "
Although , there is always room for improvement and learning from past mistakes ..
For the department and South Africa , this is yet another milestone along the country 's sustainable development growth path " , Albi Modise , South African Department of Environmental Affairs .
He says that while resources have been tight , there have been 200,000 trees planted in Johannesburg as part of a carbon-offsetting program , 25,000 in Rustenberg , 86,000 in Ethekwini , and a target of 400,000 in Tshwane/Pretoria .
There have also been carbon reduction projects focusing on energy efficiency in street lighting in Ethekwini , Cape Town , Johannesburg , Tshwane , Rustenburg , Polokwane and Port Elizabeth . "
We have also launched an SMS campaign in order to generate revenue which will feed into the offset program " , said Modise . "
The department has several communication and awareness initiatives that will communicate greening messages and tips to visiting fans in order to educate and draw awareness to sustainable environmental management .
" Some activists concede there may be some indirect environmental benefits from the World Cup . "
One of the most positive legacies will probably come about inadvertently in the form of improved public transport and the bus-rapid-transport system specifically " , said Cartwright . "
In the City of Cape Town transport accounts for almost 50 percent of greenhouse gas emissions , and efforts to reduce this are important .
The other important legacy is public awareness -- awareness is a prerequisite for the solutions that we so badly need , and arguably what has been most lacking .
A South Korean report written by an international team of investigators accuses North Korea of firing a torpedo that sank the Cheonan warship in March , killing 46 sailors .
Bloggers , college reporters to attend presentation designed to win over younger skeptics
South Korean report says North Korean torpedo sunk warship
North Korea denies involvement , criticizes investigation
South Korea 's defense ministry will show wreckage of a sunken ship to a group of Twitter users in an effort to dispel doubts among young skeptics about its investigation blaming North Korea for attacking the vessel , state media said Monday .
Twenty users of the microblogging site will have a chance to review the evidence Friday after applying through the defense ministry 's Twitter page , the Yonhap news agency reported .
A group of college reporters and defense bloggers will also be invited to the presentation , which is part of a push to win over younger skeptics , Yonhap said .
A South Korean report written by an international team of investigators accuses North Korea of firing a torpedo that sank the Cheonan warship in March , killing 46 sailors .
North Korea has denied any involvement in the sinking and criticized the report 's accuracy ,
claiming people who disagreed with the investigators ' assertions were expelled from the investigation team , the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported .
the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported .
Questions about the report have also surfaced online , Yonhap said .
Police are investigating online rumors about the ship 's sinking , according to Yonhap , and have said they will reprimand those responsible for spreading unfounded allegations .
On Friday , Twitter users will be briefed about the investigation's results and allowed to take photographs of the wreckage , Yonhap reported .
The ship 's sinking and ensuing report have escalated tensions throughout the region .
After the report 's release , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak said that South Korea was suspending trade with North Korea ,
closing its waters to the North 's ships and adopting a newly aggressive military posture toward its neighbor .
North Korea reacted to a South Korean anti-submarine exercise Thursday by saying it would meet " confrontation with confrontation " and war with " all-out war " , according to North Korean state-run media .
Lee has said South Korea plans to bring the issue before the United Nations Security Council .
As one of the popular songs of the season notes ,
" Although it has been said many times , many ways  Merry Christmas to you " .
It's true that about all that can be said about the 2,000-year-old event has been said .
But some things are worth repeating because of the beauty of the truth in them ,
or because some just did n't yet get the real meaning in them ,
or maybe they were n't ready before to hear their message .
That's just the way it is with Christmas .
Despite the fact that nearly every detail of the Biblical account of the birth of Jesus has been contested from that day until the present , the observance of the miraculous event has , since the 19th century ,
become the most widely celebrated holiday in the Western world among both Christian believers and those of other faiths or no religious beliefs at all who enjoy the festivities while overlooking the underlying reasons for them .
Perhaps surprisingly , those who believed that the birth was the coming of the Messiah never observed the anniversary of the occasion in any special way before the Fourth Century when the emperor , Constantine , at the urging of the bishop of Rome , picked the December date to " Christianize " a popular Roman holiday honoring " the birth of the sun " .
It seemed an appropriate time to honor the one called " the Son of God " and the " light of the world " .
Christmas almost certainly did not happen on Dec . 25 , the day celebrated as the one when the Virgin Mary gave birth to the Babe who would be hailed as the Savior of the world .
It probably occurred in March or April , considering where the shepherds would have had their sheep at the time , according to the Biblical account , the angels announced the birth to them .
Even the year is uncertain because of calendar changes over time .
From time to time since then , the celebration has been banned or limited in many places 
even in the early years of this country when celebrating Christmas on that date was a crime in Massachusetts from 1659 until 1682  by authorities in government , business or church .
But beginning in Alabama in 1836 , the holy day had become an official holiday in all 48 contiguous states by 1907 , when Oklahoma joined in the proclamation .
Still , even the name of the holiday is controversial  Christmas or the mass ( worship ) of the Christ ( Messiah )  for those who , throughout history , have not or do not acknowledge that Jesus is who or what his name implies ( Savior . )
In this scientific age , many who say they follow Darwin question some of the principal components of the Christmas story such as a virgin birth of Emanuel
( God with us in the form of a man . )
However , many of the most prominent scientists , such as Wernher von Braun , the rocket genius whose efforts put American astronauts beyond Earth 's pull , were and are firm believers in the Biblical , prophecy-fulfilling account of the birth of Christ our Savior .
" I am in no position to say whether man will find that Christ 's appearance on Earth was a unique event in the universe " , said the renown physicist .
" It could very well be that the Lord would , under comparable circumstances , send His Son to other worlds to bring the Gospel to them .
I believe the good Lord is full of such tremendous compassion that He will take whatever steps are necessary to bring the truth to His creation " .
In any event , as you listen to the words of such songs of the season as " Silent Night, " " The First Noel " , " O Holy Night " , " Angels from the Realms of Glory " , " Oh Little Town of Bethlehem " , " Joy to the World " and Handel's " Hallelujah Chorus " ,
you will hear , once again , all the elements of the Biblical account and the real message and meaning of Christmas found in Luke :
" And she ( Mary ) brought forth her first-born son ,
and wrapped him in swaddling clothes , and laid him in a manger because there was no room for them in the inn "
And the angel said unto them ( the shepherds , )
Fear not : for , behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people .
For unto you is born this day in the city of David , a Savior , which is Christ the Lord
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God , and saying ,
Glory to God in the highest , and on Earth , peace , goodwill toward men . "
Maybe we 'll get it this time .
Now retired in Brooksville , Adon Taft was religion editor of The Miami Herald for 37 years .
He can be contacted at adontaft@yahoo.com.
If there are institutions that consistently produce winners-- say , Harvard among universities or Goldman Sachs for investment banking --
Victoria 's Secret would be that institution for the modeling industry .
The brand has churned out dozens of supermodels .
Everybody knows their faces , their bodies , their names , and some have graduated from modeling into credible acting or entrepreneurial careers .
First , unlike most fashion houses , it signs young women to long-term contracts , allowing them a chance to develop not only as models but as brands .
Secondly , it puts the full force of its public relations team behind the women , getting them booked on talk shows , sending them out for personal appearances and even producing lines of cosmetics and body products stamped with their likenesses .
" I try to encourage all of the women to get involved with the brand , to develop their communication skills and to watch the best examples , " says Razek .
To that end , the company gives the girls advice on publicists , business managers and even financial advisors .
Razek is also adamant that the girls be professionals .
" The notion of girls partying at night and showing up late and throwing cellphones at chauffeurs , you won't see it , period " , he says .
she launched an all-natural cosmetics company in 2007 .
Josie Maran , who modeled for the brand 10 years ago ,
" Heidi makes it so easy to work with her , and that 's something I took away from knowing her " .
Maran also says her time modeling lingerie gave her so much confidence that when she started her company , she had no problem walking straight into Sephora's San Francisco headquarters and showing the company her marketing plan .
Sephora now carries her line .
Victoria's Secret has bucked another trend :
Using bony , size-zero models .
However , at the end of the day , a model 's career depends in large part on the model herself , Razek says .
BP called off its most recent attempt to stop the oil leaking into the Gulf , though it had said " Top Kill " was its best option .
Sat May 29 , 2010
BP's risky " top kill " operation to plug the ruptured oil well in the Gulf of Mexico has failed , the energy giant said Saturday , adding it will now shift to a new strategy to stop the leak .
" After three full days of attempting ' top kill ' , we have been unable to contain the flow from the well " , BP Chief Operations Officer Doug Suttles told a press briefing .
" We have made the decision to move on to the next option " , he added .
Efforts will now focus on severing the damaged riser pipes that lay crumpled on the ocean floor ,
then installing a containment device that could capture the leaking oil and syphon it to the surface .
BP and the Coast Guard said it would take four to seven days before the contraption -- dubbed the " Lower Marine Riser Package " , or LMRP -- can be put in place .
Engineers had spent days pumping heavy drilling fluid into the leaking well head on the ocean floor in a high-pressure bid to smother the gushing crude and ultimately seal the well with cement .
But the effort failed , and when asked specifically why , Suttles had no direct answer .
" We do n't know that for certain " , he said , adding that " we were unable to sustainably overcome the flow " .
The announcement is a stunning setback for efforts to halt what has become the worst oil spill in U.S. history ,
with estimates that more than 20 million gallons of crude have now poured unchecked into the Gulf of Mexico since an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig April 20 which killed eleven workers .
The British energy giant had stressed that the " top kill " was the best chance at stopping the leak other than drilling an entirely new relief well , a process that has already begun but is expected to take another two months .
" Obviously , we 're very disappointed in today 's announcement and I know all of you are anxious to see this well secured " , U.S. Coast Guard Rear Admiral Mary Landry told the briefing .
" It is been our number one goal since day one , but we also want to assure you we 've had a very , very aggressive response posture and we 're going to continue to do so " .
NASA 's Aqua satellite captured this image of the Gulf of Mexico on April 25 , 2010 using its Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) instrument .
With the Mississippi Delta on the left , the silvery swirling oil slick from the April 20 explosion and subsequent sinking of the Deepwater Horizon drilling platform is highly visible .
The rig was located roughly 50 miles southeast of the coast of Louisiana .
The oil slick may be particularly obvious because it is occurring in the sunglint area .
where the mirror - like reflection of the Sun off the water gives the Gulf of Mexico a washed-out look .
Oil slicks are notoriously difficult to spot in natural-color ( photo-like ) satellite imagery because a thin sheen of oil only slightly darkens the already dark blue background of the ocean .
Under unique viewing conditions , oil slicks can become visible in photo-like images ,
but usually , radar imagery is needed to clearly see a spill from space .
Sir Alex Ferguson 's occasionally difficult relationship with Alan Hansen is under new strain because of what the Manchester United manager perceives as unfair criticisms of his team from the Match of the Day pundit .
Ferguson was unhappy with Hansen's analysis of the champions after the 2-1 victory at Arsenal two weeks ago and uses his programme notes for Tuesday's match against Stoke City to tackle the former Liverpool player .
" I noticed Alan Hansen was at it again , saying we had not played well for one and a half years " , he writes .
" I reckon that comment goes alongside his claim a few years ago that you don't win anything with youngsters , and you know how he finished up with egg on his face after dismissing the Ryan Giggs , Paul Scholes , David Beckham , Gary Neville crop of kids so foolishly " .
By that , Ferguson was referring to Hansen 's famous " you don't win anything with kids " comment after United had lost their opening game of the Double-winning 1995-96 season .
Hansen is also a close friend of the Liverpool manager , Kenny Dalglish , and Ferguson , never short of a conspiracy theory , continues :
" Maybe he was just trying to rattle us on the eve of going to his play his old club at Anfield in the FA [ Cup ] at the weekend .
I don't know how some of the critics come to their conclusions " .
Ferguson 's annoyance also extends to the wider criticisms of his team this season .
" After the Arsenal game , one journalist of the London papers said that we were the worst team he has seen .
Yes , we have had our bad days  who doesn't ? 
losing to Manchester City and then folding against Blackburn before going out of the FA Cup . "
Forget the fact we had 14 players out with injury for the Blackburn fixture and that we were missing a few at Liverpool .
We won't use injuries as a crutch , we will simply concentrate on getting our message across out on the pitch .
I have every confidence we will give a good account of ourselves  even perhaps play well to convince pundit Hansen .
" Ferguson may be forced to call up his third-choice goalkeeper , Ben Amos , for the Stoke game because Anders Lindegaard has been injured in training and David de Gea is struggling to be fit .
Wayne Rooney may also miss out because of the ankle injury that forced him out the tie at Anfield ,
when Ferguson believes his team " were distinctly unlucky to lose . "
He writes : "
We dominated the game , controlled much of it and even had the Anfield camp admitting we were the better team .
Although I certainly want to see improved defending because we rather handed Liverpool their two goals on a plate .
But overall we played some delightful stuff and producing to that standard on another day would normally see you coming up with a win .
the page is a prototype ereader concept by designer jae kim that uses a semi-transparent e-ink screen to display image and text .
the concept marries the affordances of print and online newspapers into a new device .
for starters the ereader folds into segments much like newsprint , allowing it to be spread out on a table , or folded up neatly on the train .
beyond the product design kim also designed a flexible grid system that allows users to see content in a broad way like in the newspaper ,
while also being able to directly interact and alter content like on the web .
Are you finding the same thing I am ?
Where you 're having a casual conversation with a friend , and you 're in the middle of saying something ..
well , not exactly secret , but not the sort of thing you want shared with the world ..
and you stop dead , suddenly worried that it might end up in their Twitter stream ?
When I 'm talking to someone with a blog , a Twitter feed or even a Facebook account
I 'm often just a little guarded .
I have my own guidelines and boundaries when I'm dealing with other people's information -
basically , if there's any ambiguity , I ask permission before I share -
but I know other people draw the line differently .
Sometimes they 'll reveal a confidence but change a few details to protect identities .
Or maybe they 'd never do that , but they 'll readily tag an embarrassing party photo of you on Facebook .
While some people lay down hard and fast rules about the new online etiquette ,
the reality is things are still a lot more fluid than many of us realize .
You 've just had lunch with a potential client ; do you tweet that ?
You shot a hilarious video at the company picnic ; do you upload it ?
And do we all just assume we 're all on the record , 24-7 , until and unless we agree otherwise ?
Several years into the social media revolution , we are still only making baby steps toward some kind of shared understanding of the terrain we're walking on together .
And in some ways , netiquette seems as nebulous a concept as ever .
iPhone Dropped in Toilet ?
iPhone purchasers will be able to insure their precious devices through AT&amp;T for just $ 13.99 a month .
The insurance , which is purchased through the AppStore , intends to counter-act the pain and suffering caused by those " whoopsie , " butterfingers-induced moments that send iPhones to an early grave on hard pavement or , even worse , in a toilet .
The documents also back up the assumption that Steve Jobs will be introducing the fourth generation iPhone June 7th at the WWDC keynote .
For just under $ 170 a year , iPhone users can save themselves the trouble of paying several hundred dollars to replace their phone if they irrevocably damage it .
However , the insurance plan also comes with a deductible that ranges from $ 99 to $ 199 depending on which iPhone you have .
So if you buy a 32GB 3GS and break it a year later ,
the cost of a new one would be roughly $ 370 , which is far better than the full price of $ 699 , but still expensive .
The insurance plan apparently only applies to new purchases after June 6th , and must be activated within 30 days of purchase .
To make the process simple , the insurance can be purchased through the phone via the AppStore .
AT&amp;T was careful not to spill the beans on the upcoming fourth generation iPhone , and left out what the cost of the insurance plan might be for a new device .
So why is AT&amp;T insuring the iPhone all of a sudden ?
According to the leaked documents , 16 % of low scores from customer feed back are " attributable to customer dissatisfaction with insurance/warranty replacement options " .
AT&amp;T is also likely offering this plan to help maintain customers in their ecosystem .
By making it cheaper to replace an iPhone ,
it's more likely that bereaved users will buy another iPhone ,
and more importantly , stay with AT&amp;T .
Just last week , AT&amp;T hiked up their early termination fees for all smartphones all the way up to $ 325 dollars .
What do you think of AT&amp;T 's new iPhone insurance ?
Are we facing the death of email ?
First the Twitterati logged off .
Now a high-tech office has abandoned it altogether .
So is the writing on the wall for our most popular form of communication ?
Adam Sherwin gets the message Imagine it :
a life freed from the drudgery of deleting an inbox full of " unbeatable offers " and the latest missive on paper clips from head office .
Email could follow the telex into the dustbin of communication tools we have loved and discarded if Thierry Breton , CEO of the information technology services company Atos , is a guide to the future .
Breton is to ban his staff from sending each other emails , complaining that they waste time and are outmoded .
Only 10 percent of the 200 electronic messages his employees receive per day turn out to be useful , Breton claims .
" The deluge of information will be one of the most important problems a company will have to face in the future .
It is time to think differently " , he claimed .
Internal email will be phased out inside 18 months at Atos .
The 75,000 staff will instead use instant messaging and chat-style collaborative services inspired by social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter .
Atos staff used to spend between five to 20 hours a day dealing with email ,
but use of Breton 's replacements has cut its use by up to 20 percent , the firm claims .
His strategy has already been adopted by teenagers , who are shunning the now middle-aged email , which was first developed in 1971 .
Email use is down 31 per cent among the 12-17 age group this year , with a further 21 per cent slump among those aged 18-24 .
Mobile Instant Messaging ( IM ) services such as Blackberry Messenger and Yahoo ! Messenger ,
designed to facilitate low-cost , real-time communication around each X Factor performance , have supplanted ponderous email for the tech-savvy next generation .
Mobile IM users are predicted to exceed 1.3 billion worldwide by 2016 .
It's a development which Mark Zuckerberg sought to capitalise on with Facebook Messages , the social network 's " modern messaging system , " which merges text messages , IM and email into a single interface for 750 million users .
" High school kids don't use email , they use SMS a lot " , the 27-year-old technology pioneer said .
" People want lighter-weight things like SMS and IM to message each other " .
For users , IM offers the immediacy that an email , often left unread , cannot .
However , if those teens are fortunate enough to find jobs ,
they are likely to still find themselves enmeshed in email 's spam-blighted , sclerotic grip .
The proportion of companies sending more than 50,000 emails each month has gradually increased in the last four years , from 40 per cent in 2007 to almost two thirds ( 60 per cent ) in 2011 .
Spam still accounts for an estimated 89 per cent of all emails .
Tim Walters , senior analyst at the technology research company Forrester Research , said :
" Email is disruptive , wastes a great deal of time and it's miserable as a collaborative tool .
But it's still used daily by 85 per cent of workers " .
He added :
" Email is n't a beast to be killed . Sometimes it is the most appropriate tool for communication .
Other times people send them thoughtlessly or to cover themselves at work .
And in government , emails have much greater potential for future discovery than IM " .
What could replace email as a hassle-free , more collaborative communication tool ?
Yammer , a micro-blogging " Facebook for business " which allows groups of employees to share ideas through private communication , is now used by more than 80,000 firms .
the company's online chat system which allows video conferencing , file and application sharing .
Breton has introduced the Atos Wiki , which allows all employees to communicate by contributing or modifying online content , and Office Communicator ,
If email is dying , it will be a lingering demise .
Without a ready audience through email , deal-a-day website Groupon would not have built a network of 143 million subscribers .
More than 107 trillion emails will be sent this year ,
while the IM industry is hampered by fragmented services which do not communicateeach other .
But the Instant Messaging Generation Y , when they break into the workforce , are likely to demand new , liberating communication tools and free us from the web of email despair .
Mr Walters said :
" The Atos directive is working because the average age of their employees is 35  it reflects their young workforce " .
How to switch :
The alternatives replacing email Twitter Widely used for news gathering , broadcasting and simply passing time ,
but has not become a major communications tool , although it does have a private messaging service .
Facebook What unites most users is that it is a personal communications tool , rather than one to be used at work .
Google Docs Create a document , save and publish it and allow people to share and edit it :
simple and effective .
Could be used to post messages to large numbers of people at once .
BBM/ Whats App Instant messenger services are already widely used ;
the newer version is mobile instant messaging apps .
What is the underground economy ?
It is not something subterranean .
It is neither a physical structure nor a place .
The pejorative term " underground economy " is used to describe the activities of buying and selling that occur beyond the purview of authorities .
Typically the goods or services that are exchanged include , among others , drugs , sex , electronics , software , movies , music , and building-construction services .
Markets are processes involving the interplay of buyers and sellers .
When the role of government is restricted to protecting persons and private property against aggression and theft , market processes transpire without impediment .
Consumption opportunities are maximized as entrepreneurs deploy resources to produce goods and services in view of profitably satisfying the myriad wants of consumers .
When governments interfere with market processes by way of taxes , regulations , and prohibitions ,
they go beyond protecting individuals and private property from aggression and theft .
Government-granted monopoly privilege in the form of compulsory producer cartels or patents do not protect property rights ;
they invade them .
The aim of government interventionism is to control the productive and consumptive behavior of individuals .
In other words , central authorities want to influence what you do with your body and the things that you own , ostensibly for your own good .
This puts those enforcing government interventionism in a difficult position ,
particularly with respect to the prohibition of marijuana , hash , or cocaine and services like sexual gratification .
By making the production , marketing , and consumption of these goods and services illegal , enforcement agencies are required to divert resources from the protection of person and property toward surveying , capturing , fining , or arresting willing consumers , purveyors , or marketers .
They are trying to halt market processes  the interplay of willing buyers and sellers .
it is also not very effective .
In fact , evidence suggests that prohibiting drugs and prostitution is counterproductive .
When something becomes illegal , consumer demand does not vanish .
Instead , consumers seek alternative , more costly and risky , means of satisfying their wants .
Prices are higher than they would be otherwise , and product diversity , quality , and quantity demanded are lower .
In view of suppressed demand and the potential to earn large profits , individuals with a knack for averting authorities direct their energy and resources to satisfy this demand .
The illegality of the activity enables the intermediaries to ask higher prices of consumers and to bid down prices paid to growers of hemp , coca , and opium poppies .
It gives rise to drug cartels , prostitution rings , and violence associated with the protection of " their " territories .
" When something becomes illegal , consumer demand does not vanish " .
The government's " war on drugs " has been both a tremendous triumph and an abysmal failure .
Drug warriors have been very successful .
We have all seen media images of police stings involving massive amounts of money , drugs , and firearms .
However , this has had no impact in local markets .
Illegal drugs are available just about everywhere and at prices that have fallen in real terms over time .
The amount of pot that could be bought for $ 10 at a local high school in 1980 , for example , is likely the same quantity that could be obtained for $ 10 today .
Prohibition advocates can point to some positive effects .
The quantity demanded of soft drugs such as marijuana and hash is likely lower than it would be otherwise .
The same can be said of prostitution .
But it is hard to believe that the desired effects are anywhere large enough to justify the human cost of their prohibition in terms of lives lost and lives destroyed .
Travel Residents of Peru ' s Sacred Valley , near Cusco , have long caught the salty waters of a stream in hillside pools ,
then collect the salt after the water has evaporated .
Photo Tip :
An environmental portrait , in which the person or people constitute only part of the entire image , is particularly useful when you want to give the person some context .
See more photos of Peru .
" We are looking at what we believe can accelerate our progress in those markets " , Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith said in an interview at Bloomberg's headquarters in New York today .
" As we see other opportunities like that , we think it's a place where we can and will deploy capital " .
Intel , which ended the first quarter with $ 16.3 billion in cash after reporting record sales for the period , is looking for purchases that mirror its acquisition of software maker WindRiver Systems Inc. last year , said Smith ,
The $ 884 million takeover gave Intel software that runs devices ranging from cars to mobile phones .
Intel , whose processors run about 80 percent of the world 's personal computers , is looking to add products and technologies that help it expand into new markets , including chips for televisions and mobile devices .
Intel won't seek to take over companies for their earnings , Smith said .
" I am philosophically not a believer in buying for revenue or buying for earnings " , he said .
He declined to name any potential targets or say how much Intel is prepared to spend .
Intel , based in Santa Clara , California , rose 12 cents to $ 24.12 at 4 p.m.
Under Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini , Intel is trying to sell a scaled-down version of its PC processors , called Atom , to enter new markets .
The company gets about 90 percent of its sales from chips for computers .
What Does Financial Sector Mean ?
A category of stocks containing firms that provide financial services to commercial and retail customers .
This sector includes banks , investment funds, insurance companies and real estate .
Investopedia explains Financial services perform best in low interest rate environments .
A large portion of this sector generates revenue from mortgages and loans , which gain value as interest rates drop .
Furthermore , when the business cycle is in an upswing , the financial sector benefits from additional investments .
Improved economic conditions usually lead to more capital projects and increased personal investing .
New projects require financing, which usually leads to a larger number of loans .
If alien life is ever discovered ,
scientists expect it will most likely be of the simple , microbial variety .
And now they 've found some serious signs of such life , right here on Earth .
And the clues and the methodology could help researchers find life on Jupiter's moon Europa .
In a pair of images released today -- one from NASA 's EO-1 satellite and a closer one taken from a helicopter -- NASA researchers explained their examination of a glacier-carved valley that is like none other on Earth .
The spot , high in the Canadian Arctic on Ellesmere Island , is called Borup Fiord Pass .
It is the only known place on our planet where sulfur from a natural spring is deposited over ice .
The sulfur leaves a pale yellow stain on the ice , and scientists say it is a clear sign of biological activity .
In effect , they 've seen clear signs of life from space .
Using this hyperspectral data from Hyperion scientists were able to map the location of sulfur deposits .
But another sensor on the satellite , called Hyperion , makes measurements in wavelengths of light we can't see ,
The sulfur stain , clearly visible in the helicopter image , is not visible by regular satellite photography .
What they learn from all this may help us find life elsewhere in the solar system , according to a statement from NASA .
At the Borup Pass spring , hydrogen sulfide gas in the water is converted to sulfur , the most common material in the deposit , or gypsum .
The process is complex , but it most often occurs when microbes , such as bacteria , are present , scientists explained .
On Jupiter's moon Europa , scientists have found dark stains on the ice that have them wondering if they might be caused by a similar process .
Europa is covered in a shell of water ice that's thought to hide an ocean of liquid water below .
Liquid water is a key ingredient for life as we know it .
Now NASA has measurements , from Borup Pass pass , that the agency says could help researchers determine if the Europa stains were created by life .
" An orbiting sensor like Hyperion could be used to identify chemicals in Europa's non-ice deposits that may be a sign of extra terrestrial microbial life " , NASA states .
Hotels Test Smartphones as Room Keys
Starting in June , the Intercontinental Hotel Group is testing out the use of smartphones as room keys .
Using an app from OpenWays , patrons at the Holiday Inn Chicago O ' Hare Rosemont or the Holiday Inn Express Houston Downtown Convention Center download a distinct audio code into their iPhone , Blackberry or Android .
Passing the phone by the door lock will open it and patrons will bypass the front desk altogether .
For those who are used to researching , reserving and paying for hotels online , this may be a logical next step .
It goes in line with such uses of smartphone-powered tech as United Airlines ' mobile boarding passes at airports .
Additionally , hotels could lose that personal touch and branding connection with the customer , which is always a problem " .
It would also be an expense for the hoteliers , as the system requires a special lock , without either keyhole or keycard swipe , on any room in the program .
But if it goes off without a significant hitch , the handful of hotels and couple of months IGH intends to take for the test could turn into dozens of properties and no end of time .
RFID Again Another hotel chain , Starwood , is one of many experimenting with radio frequency identification , or RFID .
Visitors interesting in giving RFID a try are given a " Starwood Preferred Guest " card specific to the Aloft .
The day of their check-in , they are sent a text with their room number .
The RFID card is programmed to open that door automatically .
Although far from common , RFID keying systems are more common than audio-based ones .
We 've all lived through the horror that was high school .
We 've experienced the acne , the showering in the locker room with the other guys , and getting rejected for dates by girls that we had the biggest crush on
( well , not all of us have experienced that . )
All of that can wreak havoc on a guy 's self-confidence , especially if he didn't have a very favorable image of himself to begin with .
But now that you 're a father , you can correct the self-image mistakes you made by instilling a sense of self-confidence into your children .
With any luck , these suggestions will help you raise a highly confident young adult that succeeds in academics , social relationships and anything else that they try in life .
1 . Start showing them love from the beginning .
By the time an infant is 18 months old , they have a sense that they are a separate being and they have a separate identity from those around them .
That 's why it's so important to show them love and encouragement during their first few months of life .
Be sure to praise their abilities and recognize their strengths so your expectations will fit their temperament .
2 . Be sincere with your praise .
Praising your child for the good things they do is a great way to instill a strong sense of self-confidence .
But doing this too much could have the opposite effect .
If you shout , " Good Job " ! every time they tie their shoes ,
the praise is going to lose all of its meaning for them .
One way to prevent the praise from losing meaning is to make it more specific to the task they completed .
For instance , something like " You really helped daddy rake up those leaves this morning " is much more heartfelt and sincere than just saying , " Thanks for the help " .
3 . Teach children to be self-sufficient .
The more responsibility you give children , the better they 're going to feel about themselves .
But be sure you give them tasks that they can do at their age .
You can't give a four-year-old the task of washing the car and expect him to complete it .
But you can expect them to get their own juice box out of the fridge or put their toys away each day when they're done with them .
The less dependent they become on you , the more self-confidence they have .
As a bonus , it makes your life easier , too .
4 . Allow your child to fail .
One of the hardest things a dad has to do is watch his young son or daughter take on a difficult task and fail at it .
Their tears can melt your heart .
But if they never fail , they never learn how to do things themselves .
Riding a bike is a great example .
The only way they 'll learn to balance without the training wheels is to let them ride on their own and fall down a time or two .
Of course , be sure they have on protective gear , including a helmet , knee pads and elbow pads .
It might be painful to watch them fall a few times , but you're going to enjoy how excited they are when they finally learn to do it on their own .
5 . Encourage your child to do new things .
It's boring to succeed at the same thing every time .
Think of yourself , for example .
Driving a car has probably become like second nature to you .
You 've accomplished the task and now you accomplish it every day on the way to work and on the way home .
But if you were to try driving a huge moving truck , that might be something different that you'd accomplish and feel good about it .
Now transfer that to your child .
After they 've learned how to do a simple task , start increasing the difficulty incrementally .
Choose slightly harder books to read or more difficult chores to do around the house and be sure to praise them each time they succeed at those tasks .
6 . Place the focus on relationships instead of appearance .
As children grow into adolescence , they tend to place a great deal of focus on their appearance .
But oddly enough , no teenager on earth is comfortable with the way they look .
That 's why your adolescent will never gain self-confidence through their physical appearance as long as they're in high school and even a few years afterward .
As they grow up , teach them to place their main focus on the relationships they have with others , such as you , their mom , other family members and friends .
If they feel comfortable and secure in their relationships , they'll feel much better about themselves despite their appearance .
7 . Express confidence yourself .
Your children learn from what they see you do .
So when you express lack of confidence when doing a task or with the way you look , they're likely to do the same .
You might have a little work to do in that area before you can teach your child how to have self-confidence .
Apply the previous steps to yourself and you can increase your own self-image , too .
Self-confidence is one of the cornerstones of success .
Without it , you're afraid to try new things or put yourself " out there " to expand your abilities and skills .
But confidence isn't necessarily something you're born with .
That is why it's so important to know the techniques to teach your child the confidence they need to succeed in life .
With these suggestions , your child can grow up to be a respectable and successful adult that you can be proud of .
and , perhaps more importantly , given the ready-for-prime-time blessing to the Mac and Linux versions of Chrome .
Google has updated its Chrome web browser to version 5.0 ,
Previously versions of Chrome for Mac and Linux were limited to beta and developer builds .
To update to Chrome 5 , head over to the Google download page and grab a copy for Windows , Mac or Linux .
Chrome 5 brings a number of new features to the table , including some major speed gains , more HTML5 features , like drag-and-drop support and the geolocation API , a much improved bookmark syncing and management tool and a new set of privacy controls .
For more details on everything that's new in Chrome 5 , see our review of the beta release earlier this year .
If you 've been using the Chrome beta or developer builds there isn't anything new to see in the official version ,
but the bugs should be gone and Chrome 5 is now ready the same across all platforms .
In a post on the official Google blog the Chrome team reports that " the Mac and Linux versions [ have ] caught up with the Windows version " .
One feature you won't find in this release is the integrated Flash plugin that Google is working on .
By adding Flash to Chrome Google plans to make it easier to keep users up-to-date with Flash patches , but so far that feature hasn't made it to the official versions yet .
On the Mac side Chrome now sports a more polished UI and has a few tricks you won't find in Apple 's Safari ( Mac's default WebKit-based browser ) such as a full-screen mode , integrated bookmark syncing , and of course support for extensions .
We should also note that Mac beta users will be automatically updated to the stable version , so if you want to stick with the beta channel you'll need to download it again after you've updated to stable .
Chrome 's Linux release now sports a GTK + theme and is available as a . deb or . rpm for most Debian-based systems .
The Ubuntu-centric website OMGUbuntu reports that Chrome , and its open source sibling Chromium , already account for over 36 percent of the site's Linux visitors .
Globally Chrome 's market share hovers between 5 and 6 percent of the browser market , depending on which set of polling numbers you want to believe .
Now that Chrome is stable and has feature parity across operating systems
Beautiful , basic molded chocolates are surprisingly easy to create at home !
We 'll show you how !
There are two kinds of chocolate you can use for molding :
Couverture and confectionery coating .
Couverture is high-quality chocolate .
Dark chocolate couverture contains cocoa liquor , sugar , cocoa butter , and vanilla .
This kind of chocolate tastes the best by far , but it is expensive and harder to work with because it requires tempering .
Confectionery coating , is not true chocolate , although it may contain cocoa liquor .
Confectionery coating contains vegetable fat rather than cocoa butter , which makes it much more stable ,
but it does not have the same rich , complex flavor as high-quality chocolate .
Confectionery coating is great to use when you're making candies with kids .
It also comes in a rainbow of colors and flavors besides chocolate .
Choosing Chocolate Essential Equipment Most candy molds are made of plastic and are fairly inexpensive ,
so you can stock up on a variety of shapes and sizes for different occasions .
If you 'll be making chocolate lollipops , remember to buy some lollipop sticks as well .
For multicolored chocolates , you 'll need some small paintbrushes and fat-soluble food coloring , which is available at craft stores and specialty kitchen supply stores .
Lastly , you 'll need a small palette knife or offset metal spatula for smoothing and scraping off excess chocolate once you pour it into the mold .
How to Melt Chocolate When melting chocolate or confectionery coating , there are a couple major league don'ts .
Don't let water or other liquid come in contact with it , or it will " seize " .
And don't allow it to get too hot .
Excess heat will both cause the chocolate to separate , rendering it unusable .
You can check the temperature of the chocolate by dabbing a small amount of it on your lip or the inside of your wrist .
It should feel warm , not hot .
Coating chocolate and some brands of couverture come in small discs for easy melting .
If you 're using a large block of chocolate , chop it into small pieces so that it melts evenly .
The easiest way to do this is on a cutting board , using a serrated knife .
To melt chocolate or confectionery coating :
In the microwave :
This is a very easy way to melt chocolate :
place it in a microwave-safe bowl and zap it on high power at 10-second intervals , stirring each time , just until it's completely melted .
In a slow cooker :
A slow cooker , set on low heat , is perfect for melting chocolate and keeping it at just the right temperature while you work .
All you need to do is stir it occasionally and keep an eye on it to make sure it 's not getting too hot .
If it does get too hot , turn off the slow cooker , remove the insert , and stir in a couple of pieces of unmelted chocolate to cool it down quickly .
In a double boiler :
This method allows you the most temperature control , and is best for higher-quality chocolate .
Set up your double boiler with a small amount of water the water should not be touching the top pan and warm it over medium-low heat .
Melt chocolate , stirring occasionally , just until the mixture is smooth , then remove the pan from the heat .
Once the chocolate is melted and smooth , you can spoon it into clean , dry plastic squeeze bottles .
Set the bottles in a pan of warm water to stay at just the right temperature while you work .
Be sure to dry the bottles before using the chocolate .
Multicolored Molds To make intricate multicolored candies , buy different colors of confectionery coating and some small food-safe paintbrushes .
Paint one color at a time onto the surface of the mold and allow it to harden before moving on to the next color .
Once each color has hardened , fill the mold with whatever color of chocolate you like .
For advanced chocolatiers :
you can buy pure cocoa butter online or at specialty food stores .
Gently melt cocoa butter as you would chocolate .
Tint it with fat-soluble colors , and paint the mold .
Colored cocoa butter can also be added to melted white chocolate and tempered .
Cocoa butter is very expensive , so use it sparingly .
Filling the Molds Fill each mold slowly with a squeeze bottle , spoon , or by pouring chocolate from a measuring cup .
Using your palette knife or spatula , scrape off any excess chocolate into a clean bowl ;
it can be gently warmed and reused .
When the back of the mold is smooth and even , gently tap the tray of chocolates on the countertop to pop any air bubbles .
If you 're making lollipops , insert the sticks , twisting gently so that they 're completely coated with chocolate .
To make the chocolate harden quickly , put it in the freezer for a few minutes .
Once the chocolate is firm enough come out of the mold , invert the entire mold onto a clean towel and twist very gently to release the chocolates .
Royal Dutch Shell continues to build a leading portfolio in North America tight gas ,
with new positions in high potential US shale gas acreage , in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford plays .
East Resources is a privately-owned business with its primary activity focused on the Marcellus shale , in the northeastern US .
East Resources has some 650,000 net acres ( 2,600 square kilometers ) of highly contiguous , operated acreage in the Marcellus , and 1.05 million net acres ( 4,250 square kilometers ) of acreage overall .
East Resources has some 60 mmscfe/d ( 10,000 barrels oil equivalent per day ) of production ,
predominantly in natural gas , with substantial medium-term growth potential .
In addition , as part of its on-going acreage build strategy , Shell has acquired ~ 250,000 net acres ( 1,000 square kilometers ) of mineral rights in the Eagle Ford shale play , in South Texas , in 2010 .
These undeveloped acreage positions are in the liquids rich window of the Eagle Ford play .
Shell will be the operator in this highly contiguous acreage , and will be able to integrate these new assets into its existing South Texas operations , where Shell has been active for many years .
All together in 2010 , Shell has added some 1.3 million acres ( 5,250 square kilometers ) of North America tight gas acreage .
Shell estimates that these new positions have the potential to yield over 16 trillion cubic feet of gas equivalent ( tcfe ) of resources (&gt; 2.7 billion boe . )
Shell 's Chief Executive Officer Peter Voser commented :
" We are enhancing our world-wide Upstream portfolio for profitable growth , through exploration and focused acquisitions , and through divestment of non-core positions .
These acreage additions form part of an on-going strategy , which also includes divestments , with an objective to grow and to upgrade the quality of Shell's North America tight gas portfolio " .
Voser continued :
" East Resources ' management have built an excellent organization , with high quality assets in the Marcellus , which we are pleased to have as our centrepiece as we enter the premier shale gas play in the north east US .
The opportunity now is to consolidate our tight gas portfolio , divest from non-core positions across North America ,
and to invest for profitable growth , by deploying Shell's technology and capabilities on a large scale " .
The idea is pretty much dead that the iPhone is just for your personal life .
But to see that 40 percent of iPhone sales are for the enterprise is a bit of shocker .
But according to Larry Dignan of ZDNet , Ron Spears , CEO of AT&amp;T's Business Solutions , said 4 of 10 iPhones are sold for business use .
He also said increasingly the enterprise views the iPhone as a mobile computer that can even serve to replace a laptop .
Well , we find it impressive enough when someone like Graeme Thickens tells us he blogs from his iPhone .
But to conduct business , handle documents and manage other tasks seems quite a feat in itself .
Spears , though , said an iPhone can work just fine for people in the field who really just need one or two applications .
And he said it's a lot cheaper , too , than a $ 1,000 or $ 1,200 laptop .
That makes sense to some extent but netbooks are pretty affordable these days .
In that respect , the iPad will sure to see its day in the enterprise , too .
Will Android devices have the same potential ?
It's mobile .
It's more savvy to the emerging apps universe .
Android fits into that scope .
A mobile device has to be awesome enough to be used for both personal and business use .
Apple accomplishes that and the Android is getting there , too .
A strain of mutant mice groom compulsively until they seriously injure themselves .
The condition is considered a good animal model for OCD ,
and it's similar to the human disorder trichotillomania , where people pull out their own hair .
Now researchers have successfully treated this pathological behavior in the mice - with a bone marrow transplant .
The work , led by Nobel Laureate Mario Capecchi , was published in the journal Cell .
The mouse condition is related to immune system cells called microglia .
These cells originate in the bone marrow and wind up in the brain , where their job is to fight off infections .
But a genetic mutation leads to defective microglia , which drive the mice to perform the odd , self-mutilating behavior .
The researchers gave 10 mutant mice bone marrow from healthy mice .
And the presence of normal microglia stopped the compulsion .
It's compelling evidence for the long-proposed link between the immune system and certain psychiatric disorders .
Capecchi warns that bone marrow transplants are too risky to be commonly used against , for example , OCD .
Rather , a fuller understanding of the immune system - mental illness connection should produce new treatments . 
World economy Fear returns
Governments were the solution to the economic crisis .
Now they are the problem
IT'S not quite a Lehman moment , but financial markets are more anxious today than at any time since the global recovery took hold almost a year ago .
The MSCI index of global stocks has fallen by over 15 % since mid-April .
Treasury yields have tumbled as investors have fled to the relative safety of American government bonds .
The three-month inter-bank borrowing rate is at a ten-month high .
Gone is the exuberance that greeted the return to growth
Investors are on edge .
What lies behind these jitters ?
New nervousness about geopolitical risk , with tensions rising in the Korean peninsula , has not helped .
But that comes on top of two wider worries .
One is about the underlying health of the world economy .
Fears are growing that the global recovery will falter as Europe's debt crisis spreads , China's property bubble bursts and America's stimulus fuelled rebound peters out .
The other concerns government policy .
From America 's overhaul of financial regulation to Germany's restrictions on short-selling , politicians are changing the rules in unpredictable ways .
And the scale of sovereign debts has left governments with less room to counter any new downturn ;
indeed , many of them are being forced into austerity .
The danger is that these fears reinforce each other in a pernicious reversal of the dynamics of 2008-09 .
Then , co-ordinated government action on a grand scale stopped the global financial crisis from turning into a depression .
Now , thanks to incompetence and impotence , governments may become the problem that will drag the world economy down .
Don't panic That is far from inevitable .
Fears about the fragility of the global recovery are exaggerated .
Led by big emerging economies , the world's output is probably growing at an annual rate of more than 5 % far swifter than most seers expected .
This pace will , and should , slow , not least because the big emerging economies need to tackle rising inflation and possible asset bubbles .
China is in obvious danger , which is why its government has tried to constrain loans and property prices .
Pricking asset bubbles is never easy , but there is scant evidence that its efforts are too heavy-handed .
America 's growth may also slow as firms stop rebuilding their stocks and the government's stimulus tapers off .
But the world's biggest economy does not seem on the verge of a second recession .
For all their heavy debts , American consumers have returned to the shops .
Their confidence is rising as the economy is producing jobs ( albeit not enough of them . )
And Congress seems likely to slow the pace of fiscal tightening with a new " mini-stimulus " of temporary spending .
Growth prospects look grimmest in Europe .
Yet even there the likely immediate outcome of the euro zone's crisis is the enfeeblement of an already weak recovery , rather than a sudden slump .
The region's profligate economies will struggle for longer as austerity kicks in .
But waning confidence will be mitigated by the boost that exports receive from the euro's plunge .
Look only at these probable short-term prospects and it is hard to see why financial markets are suddenly in such a lather .
The reason is that the risks of a far worse outcome have risen , and these risks lie mainly with governments .
Grading the governments The place with the wobbliest policy is Europe .
For the euro to survive , Europeans need to be prepared not just for painful fiscal adjustment but for profound structural reform as well .
Profligate governments , mostly in southern Europe , must become more prudent .
Uncompetitive economies must shake up their labour and product markets .
Countries that are running current-account surpluses , mainly in the north , must help ,
by avoiding overzealous belt-tightening and introducing reforms to encourage private spending .
And the European Central Bank ( ECB ) should counter the fiscal austerity with a looser monetary policy .
Reducing real wages in Spain would be easier if euro-zone inflation were higher .
Unfortunately , Germany's government seems to be drawing exactly the opposite conclusions ,
promising to set an example with tough cuts when it should be helping to stimulate growth .
The worry is that , under German pressure , the ECB will have the same misguided tendency to toughness , condemning the euro area to years of stagnation .
Governments outside the euro zone are also at risk of drawing flawed conclusions , especially on exchange rates and fiscal policy .
China seems to think that the euro's decline makes it less urgent to allow the yuan to appreciate .
The opposite is true .
With its biggest export market in a funk , China needs to accelerate the rebalancing of its economy towards domestic consumption , with the help of a stronger currency .
For much of the rich world , however , the most important consequences of Europe's mess will be fiscal .
Governments must steer between imposing premature austerity ( in a bid to avoid becoming Greece ) and allowing their public finances to deteriorate for too long .
In some countries with big deficits , the fear of a bond market rout is forcing rapid action .
Britain 's new government spelled out useful initial spending cuts this week .
But the emergency budget promised for June 22nd will be trickier :
it needs to show resolve on the deficit without sending the country back into recession .
In America , paradoxically , the Greek crisis has , if anything , removed the pressure for deficit reduction , by reducing bond yields .
America 's structural budget deficit will soon be bigger than that of any other OECD member , and the country badly needs a plan to deal with it .
But for now , lower bond yields and a stronger dollar are the route through which American spending will rise to counter European austerity .
Thanks to its population growth and the dollar's role as a global currency , America has more fiscal room than any other big-deficit country .
It has been right to use it .
The world is nervous for good reason .
Although the fundamentals are reasonably good , the judgment of politicians is often unreasonably bad .
Right now that is what poses the biggest risk to the world economy .
I never understood the concept of summer school .
The teacher 's going to go up there and go , ' OK , class , you know that subject you couldn't grasp in nine months ?
We 're going to whip it out in six weeks .
A 35-year-old woman has been killed in the latest in a string of knife attacks in China , state media and police said today .
Tang Changrong died on Monday of a wound to the neck sustained the previous evening at a market in the city of Foshan in Guangdong province .
She was the 18th knifing victim to die in recent weeks  most of them children  spreading fears for public safety in China , a country not known for violent crime .
The other five women victims of Sunday's attack by Xie Yulin , 20 , were in stable condition in hospital , state media said .
According to reports , Mr Xie entered numerous shops and restaurants at the marketplace at about 7pm ,
attacking the young women before climbing to the fourth storey of a nearby residential building and leaping to his death .
Though he appeared to have deliberately targeted women , it was not immediately clear what triggered the attack .
A spokesman for the Foshan police declined to answer questions about the case .
The English-language Global Times newspaper said today that Mr Xie was enraged after his girlfriend rejected his marriage proposal .
Police and schools across China have tightened security to prevent what experts believe are " copycat " attacks by individuals disgruntled with being left behind by decades economic growth and stressed by the mental impact of rapid changes in the country .
You 're too old for the science fair , the county fair has too much manure , and Burning Man is far , far away in a hot , dusty desert .
What you need , my geeky friend , is Maker Faire :
A two-day reinvention of the world as it would look if 10-year-old nerds were running everything .
Lego , robots , crazy bicycles , electronics , flaming things , and a giant rocket :
These are just some of the attractions of the annual event held here last weekend on the outskirts of Silicon Valley .
Take a look at some highlights as seen through the lens of Wired photographer Jim Merithew .
And if you want to check out the Maker Faire yourself , it's not too late :
Regional Maker Faires will be held in Detroit July 31 and Aug . 1 of this year and in New York Sept . 25 and 26 .
Cycles Pedal-powered transportation was a big theme at this year's Maker Faire , with many fanciful vehicles propelled by bicycle cranks and chains .
Some were chopped or otherwise modified bicycles , while others  like this lofty four-wheeled contraption  were more elaborate conveyances .
A perennial Maker Faire favorite , muffin cars  aka cupcake cars  could be seen zipping to and fro amongst the crowd .
Most muffins are built around the guts of an electric scooter or electric three-wheeler , with exteriors made of corrugated metal , plywood , fabric and lots of stuffing .
This year 's Maker Faire felt less crowded than previous years , thanks in part to in increase in the physical area of the fair .
That allowed organizers to include new subsections , such as this large hall where the lights were dimmed , the better to show off the glowing , LED-illuminated projects within .
Here , the Mondo Spider stalks the dark hall .
Marque Cornblat , aka " H2O Boy , " built this portable immersion tank so that he could scuba dive in the middle of the desert .
It 's basically a big vinyl bag with flexible , transparent arm and leg extensions .
Cornblatt climbs inside , dons a scuba mask , and and the whole thing is filled with water until he's completely underwater .
For the Maker Faire finale , OK Go singer Damian Kulash climbed into Cornblatt 's water suit and sang two numbers through the scuba mask's microphone , while underwater .
For the second number , a school of goldfish was poured into the suit and swam around him .
Kulash was then taken on an underwater tour of the crowd , as helpers wheeled him around .
Art cars may not be the most high-tech items at Maker Faire , but in a way , they epitomize the do-it-yourself , who-cares-what-anyone-thinks ethos of the event .
Cars covered in Lego , ropes , toys , mosaic tiles or just crazy paint jobs were on display .
A group of about 60 volunteers , calling themselves Raygun Gothic , assembled a huge , 41-foot metal rocket that was on display at Maker Faire .
The rocket is built on a frame of laser-cut steel ribs and rings , with hand-shaped aluminum sheets covering the outside . More than 3,000 individually drilled rivets attach the skin to the frame .
Inside , the rocket has three levels , with elaborate artworks representing the craft's controls , instrumentation , scientific equipment and more .
While it doesn't actually fly , the rocket does travel :
It first appeared at Burning Man in 2009 , and organizers hope to put it on display on San Francisco ' s Embarcadero in the coming year .
Fans of steampunk culture  or steam engines  had their own section of this year 's Maker Faire .
Here , Gail " Rose " Folsom of Marin works the League of Steam booth .
Folsom says that " Rose " stands for Reanimated , Optimized Search Engine .
While there's a lot of overlap between Burning Man and Maker Faire , the latter is more family-friendly .
And there were a lot of families here , as Bay Area geeks brought their progeny for fun and inspiration .
Here , Montana Gura , 5 , daughter of Elisa Gura of San Francisco , works on the LegoJeep , a street-legal car sporting lots of flat green Lego panels to which Lego bricks can be added .
Another frequent Maker Faire fixture is the Electric Giraffe , a four-legged , ambulatory , interactive vehicle ( it can carry several people on its back ) with a bitchin ' sound system .
Erwin Dral and his son Hidde Bleeker , 6 , of Menlo Park , build their own ArtBot at the PetBot booth during this year's Maker Faire .
ArtBots have pens attached to their legs and vibrating motors that make them dance and spin around on a large sheet of paper , tracing lines as they go .
After a morning of scribbling , the ArtBots have left a complicated web of loops and lines .
This year 's Maker Faire included a section on do-it-yourself home and organic gardening .
One exhibit came from Window Farms , which the proponents describe as " hydroponic edible gardens for urban windows " .
Because they 're made of reused water bottles , these " farms " are planet-friendly , too .
Detailed plans and instructions are available on the Window Farms website .
Got an idea on how to improve them  like maybe making them less ugly ?
You can contribute your ideas and enhancements to the project .
And that , perhaps , is the ultimate goal of Maker Faire :
Not just to show off the cool stuff you 've done , but to attract other people to your mad projects and get them contributing their own ideas .
British scientists launch first stem cell project recreating brain disease
Team led by Sir Ian Wilmut will hope their research gives an unprecedented insight into motor neurone disease
One of the longest-living survivors of the motor neurone disease ( MND ) is Stephen Hawking who was diagnosed at 21 years old .
Photo :
Bruno Vincent/Getty Images British scientists have launched the world's first stem cell project to recreate a devastating and incurable brain disease in the laboratory .
The team , led by Sir Ian Wilmut , the Edinburgh researcher who cloned Dolly the sheep , will use stem cells to make diseased and healthy brain cells to study how motor neurone disease progresses into a lethal condition .
The research , which will give scientists unprecedented insight into a disease that is almost impossible to study in living patients , could be the best long-term hope doctors have for finding treatments for the condition .
In motor neurone disease ( MND , ) brain and spinal cord nerves that control muscles steadily die off , leaving patients trapped in a body that becomes increasingly useless .
People become paralysed , unable to talk or eat , and often can only breathe with aid from a mechanical ventilator .
Around half of all MND patients die within three years of being diagnosed .
Five people die every day from the condition in Britain .
One of the longest-living survivors of the condition is Stephen Hawking , the 68-year-old cosmologist , who was diagnosed at the age of 21 .
Wilmut 's team at Edinburgh will work with scientists in London and New York to understand how the disease kills off nerve cells and spreads itself to healthy parts of the brain and central nervous system .
The project represents a refinement of plans to use controversial " hybrid embryos " to create stem cells that carry a genetic mutation responsible for motor neurone disease .
With hybrid embryo technology , a skin cell from a disease-carrying patient is fused with an animal egg to form an early-stage embryo .
Stem cells can be collected from these embryos and grown into adult nerve cells that are prone to developing the disease .
Many scientists have abandoned plans to use hybrid embryos in favour of a simpler and less controversial technique , in which adult skin cells are chemically reprogrammed into a stem cell-like state , so called induced pluripotent stem ( iPS ) cells .
They grew these in Petri dishes into two kinds of adult nerve cells , and did the same with skin cells from healthy people .
The 800,000 project , funded by the Motor Neurone Association , will investigate how the brain cells grow , and in particular will examine why those carrying the genetic mutation die off .
Understanding what goes wrong will give scientists a clue as to how to slow and even stop the disease .
Drugs that may show promise in slowing or stopping the condition can be tested by adding them directly to the disease-carrying brain cells in the lab .
" Slowing down the disease is our first aim , stopping the disease is the second , and the home run would be to repair and restore lost function " , said Prof Siddharthan Chandran , a member of the Edinburgh University team .
The patients in the study carry a mutation in a gene called TDP43 .
Although the gene is thought to cause only 1 % of disease directly , the mutation is linked to changes seen in 90 % of patients with the disease .
One question the researchers will try to answer is how the disease spreads from one part of the brain to another .
Colin Blakemore , president of the MND Association , said :
" There is great hope that this approach will enable us to unravel the mystery of motor neuron disease :
why and how particular nerve cells die " .
Great leaders possess self-awareness and character  attributes acquired through reflection and self-analysis , but also through dealing regularly with real-life situations .
Using a private journal to write down what you have learned about yourself in your day-to-day life can be very helpful .
Record , for example , how you have helped someone else develop and learn , and how this has honed your own strengths as a leader .
Use your journal to make observations about how you respond to different conditions  what happens when you are tired or stressed
The pages of the journal can help you record and work through relationships that you are enjoying or struggling with ,
and to reflect on the highs and lows of your moods that you could not reveal in the workplace .
At first , journalling may seem a chore ;
and initially your journal may not contain many connections or life - lessons .
But after a number of weeks , you'll find that journalling becomes a habit that gives structure to your review and thinking time .
Looking back over your journal will reveal how your leadership has developed , how you can trust yourself , even in difficult situations , and what are the recurring issues .
Tip
keep your feet on the ground Never become so grand that you lose touch with what it feels like to work with a customer on a project or to make a sale .
Recognize that your role is now to help others enjoy this too .
In focus .. your long-term development
As you mature as a leader , you will need to undertake weekly reviews of your development and achievements .
However , you should also take time to think about your long-term goals , and your progress towards them .
How well are you living up to your life principles ?
How have you dealt with disappointment and adversity ?
Have you managed to increase your level of performance ?
Have you fulfilled commitments to yourself and others ?
Are you happy in your career ?
What are your next steps ?
The more you learn , the more you realize you still have to learn .
At this point , you might consider seeking advice from a career counsellor .
Balancing work and life Most people would say that they want to be healthy , happy , and make a valued contribution at work to a successful organization .
Creating and maintaining this sense of well-being is an integral part of your role as a leader .
It involves taking a measured view of the balance between work and life and having realistic expectations of your team .
Tip
Accentuate the Positive Promote a healthy worklife balance and you'll not only avoid the pitfalls of stress and burnout in your team , but generate real benefits to the business .
Happy staff deliver better results and empathetic customer service ; and staff retention and recruitment then becomes easier .
Attending to different needs Good leaders know their team , their capabilities , and what motivates them .
The real skill , though , is being able to use this knowledge to balance the needs of the task , the team , and the team members .
Maintaining this equilibrium is not always easy , because emphasis inevitably shifts from one area to another .
For example , bursts of intense effort may be needed to meet tight deadlines  fine once in a while , but exhausting on a regular basis .
Similarly , the leader may sometimes have to focus on one member of the team who is not pulling their weight , or perhaps finding certain tasks difficult ;
but absolving them from obtaining agreed team standards for no obvious reason is clearly not acceptable .
Managing stress
If you have built a strong team in good times , it will withstand short-term pressures , but you may need to invest time in team meetings and calm tensions to maintain balance .
Your goal should be to keep your team members stretched but not stressed .
Remember that stresses are cumulative :
a team member may be able to tolerate stress at work for a short while if the other aspects of their life are running well .
Inspiring and encouraging
From the way they formulate and express their overarching vision to the thought that they put into everyday interactions , which is the glue of any team relationship ,
you will find that leaders encourage and inspire others around them at every level of activity .
How to inspire through your vision State your vision in highly positive terms
Encourage others to enrich the vision by describing success in their own terms
Contextualize the vision  describe when , where , and with who it will be achieved
Setting a good example One of the basic rules of leadership is that in order to inspire others you must aspire to be a model of excellence yourself .
Of course , your personal journey towards excellence will never end , but it will give you two vital qualities 
the desire to learn , and , in turn , that will lead to the humility of knowing how much more you have to learn .
Your role is all about providing inspiration , and that starts with a clear vision for a better future , which you will need to communicate to your team on a daily basis through your words and actions : 
Make it clear to others that they have the capability and power to make a difference  that their unique attributes can help achieve the vision . 
Bring hope for the future to sustain people through change and adversity ;
if people feel overwhelmed and slow down , bring them back to the vision with simple messages that show the next small steps forwards . 
Point out progress made and signs of success on the way to fill people once again with confidence and the desire to go forwards . 
Praise new ideas and the courage demonstrated in new ventures . 
Keep team members stretched  one step ahead of what they thought they could do .
Keep positive :
explain that experiments that do not work are not failures  just feedback ;
turn setbacks into positive impetus for change . taking opportunities
Think how many opportunities you have in a single day to interact with your team , colleagues , bosses , and other stakeholders .
Over 100 contacts a day  by phone , email , face-to-face , etc . 
is not unusual for today's busy leaders and managers .
Every one of these interactions , however brief , is an opportunity to encourage , inspire , and make your leadership felt .
When you make every meeting count , you create thousands of potential advocates for you , your team , your vision , and your organization .
Moments add up to real commercial gain .
Focusing on the now Inspiring people is less about delivering impassioned speeches and having a forceful personality , and more about focus and consistency .
Treat everyone you deal with as a valued customer .
Place them at the centre of your universe for the duration of any interaction you have .
Give them your full attention whether you are speaking face-to-face or on the phone .
Be dependable in your daily interactions :
your consistency builds trust and peace of mind in your team members , freeing them to focus on their key tasks rather than worrying about you .
Tip
Don't Sap Give people a zap a quick burst of positive energy  and avoid the sap  anything that leaves them discouraged .
Tourists flock to Agra to see the world-famous Taj Mahal , only to realize that the area is home to many other astonishing buildings , among them the 16th-century Red Fort , which once surrounded a Mogul imperial city .
Photo Tip :
The optimal times for photography are usually late in the afternoon or early in the morning .
Early morning light is a very clean , white light that provides crisp vibrant colors .
Late afternoon or early evening brings a warmer , softer light .
Get more photo tips
See more photos of India
A demonstrator stands next to burning tyres during a protest marking the 10th anniversary of the 2001 financial meltdown
that forced a searing devaluation and the resignation of then president Fernando de la Rua Photograph :
A group of Angus cattle shelter from heavy snow and freezing temperatures in Kansas
Photograph :
Steven Hausler/Reuters Pyongyang , North Korea :
Thousands of people gather in Kim Il-sung Square to mourn the late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il
Photograph :
KCNA/AFP/Getty Images Berlin , Germany :
A statue on top of the Gendarmenmarkt concert hall is seen through Christmas lights
Photograph :
Johannes Eisele/AFP/Getty Images Paju , South Korea :
A balloon carrying anti-regime leaflets floats through snowfall towards the North after being released by North Korean defectors
Photograph :
Kim Kyung-hoon/Reuters Seville , Spain :
The Duchess of Alba , Cayetana Fitz-James Stuart y Silva , attends a presentation of her new biography
Photograph :
Marcelo del Pozo/Reuters Iligan City , Philippines :
Workers mix cement for the construction of graves for flash flood victims during a mass burial in a village that was devastated by floods in southern Mindanao
Photograph :
Dennis M . Sabangan/EPA Jerusalem :
An ultra-Orthodox Jewish man passes by candles lit for the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah
Photograph :
Abir Sultan/EPA New Delhi , India :
Soldiers stretch as they take part in a rehearsal for Republic Day
Photograph :
Kevin Frayer/AP Lumajang , Indonesia :
Two asylum seekers who survived a boat accident pray in a hospital .
Emergency services report about 47 survivors were rescued when the boat carrying mostly Afghan and Iranian migrants sank off East Java
Photograph :
Dewantara/AFP/Getty Images Prague , Czech Republic :
Mourners on the Charles Bridge follow a hearse carrying the body of former president Vaclav Havel to Prague Castle for his funeral ceremony
Photograph :
Petr Josek/Reuters Cairo , Egypt :
A woman is reflected in a puddle full of stones , which protesters threw at the military during clashes in Tahrir Square
Photograph :
Just a few weeks ago , the 70 households in this isolated farming village were struggling under the double whammy of Spain's economic downturn and the ravages of a severe drought .
Some were even thinking of passing up Spain's huge Christmas lottery , known as El Gordo  the fat one  which is something of a national obsession .
But they bought tickets out of loyalty to the homemakers ' association here , which makes a small percentage on the sales .
And then , their number came in .
All but one household in Sodeto held at least a piece of a winning ticket in the lottery 's huge first prize , $ 950 million , the biggest ever .
Some of Sodeto 's residents , mostly farmers and unemployed construction workers , won millions .
The least fortunate came away with a minimum of $ 130,000 
and they feel that life , in its mysterious ways , was giving them another chance .
It is one of the rare bits of happy news amid the relentlessly gloomy European economic crisis , in which Spain has been one of the hardest of the hard-luck cases .
the village , has been inundated with salespeople and fortune seekers ever since .
On a recent morning , the vendors just kept showing up :
bankers in suits offering high interest rates , car salesmen talking up BMWs and furniture dealers going door to door .
Like many other local farmers , Jos Manuel Penella Cambra , who had recently invested in more efficient irrigation techniques , worried about how he would meet his payments .
But his wife bought two tickets , worth $ 260,000 ,
and his son found two more she had bought earlier and had forgotten about , bringing the total to $ 520,000 .
" I kept saying :
look for some more , look for some more " , he joked in the village cafe , a shabby establishment with a few Formica tables and a ripped black leatherette sofa .
" But this money means that now we can breathe .
And the best part is that it isn't just me .
Everybody won " .
The day of the lottery announcement was collective madness , the residents said , as they realized how many of their neighbors had won , too .
As news spread , the farmers raced into town on their tractors .
The mayor , Rosa Pons , used a megaphone to congratulate everyone .
Anica Bordei , the cafe manager , ran into the street with her socks on , even though they had holes in the toes .
In what seemed like 20 minutes , the bankers were on hand to collect the tickets and then the local news media showed up .
" Some of the ladies talked about going to the hairdresser " , Mayor Pons said .
" But the hairdresser won , too .
And she said , ' I'm not working today .
' So that ended that " .
The lottery , first established in 1812 , is a huge event in Spain .
Many people take the morning off to watch the televised coverage of the numbers being drawn from a gilded spinning cage .
Spain 's lottery works differently from those in the United States .
This year there were 1,800 first-prize-winning tickets with the same number , 58268 , each paying $ 520,000 .
As the tickets cost $ 26 each , they are often broken down into $ 6.50 " participations " .
The Sodeto homemakers ' association sells the tickets every year and usually nets about $ 1,300 , which it uses to pay for food and decorations during local festivals .
( It gets a small percentage of every ticket sold ) .
This year the tickets the women sold , here and in visits to 17 neighboring villages , brought in more than $ 150 million in winnings .
Even now , the residents of Sodeto are prone to giggling when they retell the stories of where they were when they heard , and how they almost did not buy any tickets , or how someone's grandmother had a secret stash of tickets tucked away in her purse .
But selling the tickets was difficult this year .
Even the cheapest " participations " were expensive for some .
At one point , Mari Carmen Lambea , a member of the homemakers ' association , tried to sell a ticket to a friend whose husband was unemployed .
But her friend could only promise to pay her later .
When the number was called , the friend still had not paid .
But Ms . Lambea had saved the ticket for her anyway .
" She was afraid to call me and ask " , Ms . Lambea said .
" So her son called my son and asked him whether I had really saved the ticket , and I said , ' Of course , I did .
' And then there was a lot of crying " .
So far , though , no one has splurged on anything much , Mayor Pons said .
" Are you going to see Mercedes going up and down our streets " ?
she said .
People are going to invest in the fields and maybe a sofa " .
The mayor said that most residents of the village  a planned community built in the 1960s as part of the government's ambitious efforts to improve agricultural production by cultivating unused , often arid land  were hoping that things could get back to normal soon .
But no more .
As Ms . Lambea headed home from the cafe recently , she spotted the familiar car of a particularly determined banker .
" Oh no " , she said , ducking out of his line of sight .
" I 'm turning off my phone " .
Some like Mr . Penella , the farmer , hope that the money will help keep the next generation , in particular his son , in the village .
In the 1960s , Sodeto had 400 residents .
But nowadays , only 250 people live here .
Young people have moved on .
The only resident who did not win was Costis Mitsotakis , a Greek filmmaker , who moved to the village for love of a woman .
It did not work out .
But he still lives here in a barn he is restoring about half a mile outside the village .
Somehow , the homemakers had overlooked him this year as they made the rounds .
Mr . Mitsotakis said it would have been nice to win .
But he has benefited nonetheless .
He had been trying to sell some land without much success .
The day after the lottery a neighbor called to say he would buy it .
The next day another neighbor called .
But Mr . Mitsotakis refused to get into a bidding war .
" This is a small village " , he said .
" You do n't want bad feelings " .
Ever feel as if your daughter rejects more food than she actually eats ?
Tired of watching your son move food around his plate in an intricate vegetable shuffle ?
If your children suffer from picky-eater syndrome , here are eight ways to help broaden their culinary horizons .
1 . Ask your child to try just one bite The threat of having to eat an entire portion of any food is daunting .
Promise your child that all you require is a single taste .
If , after trying a new food , she still insists that it is not going to be on her menu , you should accept that statement with a nod .
2 . Reintroduce foods on a periodic basis
Many kids have to try a food several times before developing a taste for it .
Continue to offer those quesadillas without forcing your child to eat it .
Eventually , she might just acquire a taste for Mexican cuisine .
3 . Serve as a role model
Let your children see you enjoy a wide variety of foods .
Even if you do not push them to try it , they will see that sauteed broccoli or sweet potato fries can be delicious .
Scheduling family meals helps kids watch the adults in their family enjoying lots of different types of foods .
4 . Try foods in different forms
Your daughter turns her nose up at potassium rich bananas ?
Try a chilled fruit soup or a smoothie milkshake with bananas and yogurt .
Often , foods that aren't so appealing in their natural state can take on a whole new appeal when " repackaged " to suit kids ' tastes .
5 . Don't allow kids to eat snacks right before meals
If you want your picky eater to eat the dinner you 've prepared ,
don't give in to requests for graham crackers and milk late in the afternoon .
If kids are hungry , there's a far better chance that they will eat the baked chicken or hamburgers you place in front of them . 6 .
6 . Use dinner as a special family focus time
Think of dinner as an opportunity for quality time rather than a chance to focus on the food your selective son eats .
This way , there is less pressure on him to please you and more on sharing the details of his day .
7 . Give your child a role in mealtime preparations
Allow your daughter to help prepare dinner and your son to set the table  and let her help to choose the menu .
If children have buy-in for the meal , there's a greater chance that they will eat it .
8 . Become familiar with the amount of food your child really needs Often ,
we think our children require more than they truly do  and when they say that they're finished , they really are .
Kids don't need to eat as much as adults  often , we should take our cues from them and stop eating when we feel full .
Being aware of nutritional guidelines can help curb the need to push second helpings .
Chicken Enchiladas Mexican Hot Chocolate Summer Fruit Soup Frozen Fruit Smoothies
Kids are more likely to eat food that they select  ask " would you prefer carrots or broccoli tonight " ?
Make it colorful .
Fruits and vegetables are the most naturally colorful foods around .
Have a contest of how many colors they can eat in one day or one bite .
Serve a one-pot meal .
Combine vegetables , grains and protein in one dish  it's easier for the cook and harder for kids to avoid the vegetables .
Make it a family affair .
When everybody helps cook , families get to spend time together and it makes new food less intimidating .
Add one new ingredient .
Cook a dish the kids are familiar with and add one new item .
For example , make macaroni and cheese and add broccoli .
The next time , add broccoli and peas .
Winter 2009-2010 was much colder than normal for the United States ,
The snow and cold didn't linger far into the spring , however .
By the end of April , North American snow cover had retreated to the lowest extent in the 19672010 record , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's April 2010 State of the Climate Report .
This map shows percent snow cover across North America in April 2010 based on observations from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA's Terra satellite .
Percent snow cover ranges from just above zero ( light blue ) to 100 percent ( white . )
Land areas with no detectable snow cover during the month are gray .
According to NOAA , " Across North America , snow cover for April 2010 was 2.2 million square kilometers below average 
the lowest April snow cover extent since satellite records began in 1967 and the largest negative anomaly to occur in the 521 months that satellite measurements are available " .
Unusual warmth descended on North America in April , leading to both low snowfall amounts and rapid melt of existing snow .
The Earth Observatory's Global Maps section provides an animation of monthly , global snow cover from February 2000 to the present .
France , Germany at odds as euro continues to tumble France is at terrific odds with Germany over the eurozone's debt woes ,
a sign that what started as a Greek debt crisis is becoming a crisis of European unity , with unforeseen social and political as well as economic downsides .
The euro has lost 14 percent of its value against the dollar since the start of the year and is hovering near a four-year low on concerns that the mounds of government debt in a number of eurozone countries amounts to a ticking time bomb .
The euro has continued to slide despite the creation of a $ 1 trillion reserve bailout fund and a $ 140 billion bailout for Greece earlier this month .
The unveiling of austerity plans in Italy , Greece , Spain , Portugal , and Ireland has also done little to reassure investors .
European solidarity is in danger  though some analysts say that unity on the continent has always been achieved by hammering out differences in periods of crisis .
" We 've seen a fiscal , an economic , and a social crisis ..
and a political crisis inside nations could be next " , says Eloi Laurent of the French Economic Observatory in Paris .
" We have seen it in Greece , and we already have a political crisis at the European level , which is a union in shambles " .
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner travels to Berlin tomorrow for consultations in the wake of a new set of German restrictions on market speculation .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel yesterday announced a ban on naked short selling of certain kinds of debt .
A naked short sale is when an investor promises to deliver an asset at its current market price to another investor ,
effectively " selling " something he does n't own in the hope that the price will decline quickly , allowing him to cover his trade at a profit .
Merkel's ban infuriated European finance chiefs for its unilateral and non-consultative nature .
Last week Merkel called the crisis the Europe's biggest test in 50 years , which irritated France .
President Nicolas Sarkozy even threatened to withdraw from the eurozone , in what was seen as a rhetorical flourish underscoring the depth of French feeling and disagreement with Berlin .
" Merkel is sabotaging [ rescue efforts ] in order to prove to her domestic audience that everyone should follow Germany 's economic lead " , says Mr . Laurent .
" Well , every country can 't be Germany .
This is a beggar-thy-neighbor policy .
Merkel is saying ' I have no interest in the Europeans , I am only interested in my own government ' . "
North-South divide What has become a bitter test for Europe started this winter when the Greek government admitted its deficits were far greater than it had been reporting .
The country almost certainly would have defaulted on debts that came due this month if not for the bailout it eventually received .
Eurozone states , at the behest of Germany and the IMF , demanded steep spending cuts from Greece as the price of its bailout .
The episode caused markets to more closely look at Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece and Spain  the so-called PIGS that , while financially healthier than Greece , all have large budget deficits of their own .
Investors did n't like what they say and the euro fell drastically .
The European Central Bank ( ECB ) is administering that $ 1 trillion emergency reserve for the euro ,
and is also being allowed for the first time to intervene in Europe's sovereign debt markets .
Thomas Klau of the European Council of Foreign Relations sees this as a useful step .
" The ECB must continue to demonstrate its independence , and to participate and be flexible " .
But the economic crisis is coming at a time of a European identity crisis , with voters looking more toward populist messages and away from the post-1989 days of European unity .
There's an old " north-south " divide partly at work with the Netherlands , Luxembourg , and Germany critical of Spain , Italy , and Greece  in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .
Great Britain has a Tory ' Euro-skeptic ' prime minister ;
Germans speak of becoming a normal nation less tied down by guilt .
" It's complicated " , says Karim Emile Bitar , the president of KB Consulting in Paris .
" In the context of a family , if you have a brother that shows up after 30 years and needs help , you loan him the money .
But if someone shows up and tells you he is your half-brother and that you are obligated to bail him out
well , the bonds are not solid enough for Germans to bail out Greeks .
The guy in Normandy does n't yet feel connected to the guy in southern Italy " .
Instability With each country going its own way and determining its own austerity measures , the eurozone lacks a unified response to the crisis .
Many analysts say the austerity plans of Italy , Spain , Greece and others are a mere short-term solution .
" It is n't coordinated stimulus , it is coordinated depression , which looks like coordinated stupidity " , says Mr . Laurent .
Mr . Geithner , ahead of his European visit , offered calming words , " Europe has the capacity to manage through this " , he told reporters last week .
" And I think they will " .
But resolve won't come without cooperation from France and Germany .
The French and Germans " are keenly aware of the fact there will be no reform of eurozone governing systems without France and Germany thrashing out a compromise " , says Mr . Klau of the European Council on Foreign Relations .
" If it plays out openly that will fuel instability , and I think part of this debate has been counterproductive " .
Former French President Giscard d'Estaing recently said that the spirt of amity in Europe should be restored .
" The European system , unfortunately has distanced itself a bit from the practice that we created , which was Franco-German intimacy .
We moved away from this practice , and I wish that we would return to it " .
Can a free online grammar checker really help improve your writing ?
While they may sound like a wonderful idea , grammar checking programs have several limitations .
About Grammar Checkers In theory , a computer grammar checker should work like a spell checker .
It should identify errors and suggest alternatives for corrected text .
However , spelling is fairly straightforward .
In comparison , grammar is more much interpretive .
Despite recent advances in computer technology , it is very difficult for a machine to learn to properly understand the English language .
In written English , there are a number of expressions that have multiple meanings and the context of a word 's usage can directly affect the tone of a sentence .
These subtleties are simply impossible for a machine to fully comprehend , thus leaving grammar checkers with three main flaws :
A grammar checker may miss important errors .
A grammar checker may accidentally suggest corrections that are inaccurate .
A grammar checker may flag grammatically correct text as incorrect .
There are many common grammar errors that computer software struggles to find .
For example , one recent study comparing the effectiveness of common grammar checkers found that these programs will typically miss the following errors :
Instead , brush up on basic grammar rules by visiting the following websites :
Free Online Grammar Checkers While it's true that grammar checking software has many limitations , using a free online grammar checker can be useful in certain circumstances .
For example , students who are learning English as a second language may find that free online grammar checkers help them learn to more easily spot errors in their writing .
If you are looking for free online grammar checkers , consider one of the following resources :
Spellchecker.net lets you copy and paste text into an online tool to quickly identify spelling and grammar errors .
And online thesaurus is also available for your convenience .
AbiWord is a free open source word processing program that includes a grammar checker .
It is supported on all of the most common operating systems , including Linux , Mac OS X ( PowerPC , ) and Microsoft Windows .
The interface is similar to Microsoft Word , making this program very easy to use .
Import and export filters let you convert documents to HTML , Rich Text Format , and OpenDocument for greater convenience .
Language Tool is a free open source grammar checker that is designed to help users identify the most common grammatical mistakes in their text .
Language Tool works to detect errors in English , German , Dutch , and Polish , but limited support is also available for French , Spanish and Italian .
However , it is important to realize that Language Tool does not contain a spell checking program .
Grammar Slammer is a spelling and grammar checker that uses a taskbar and integrated search to help identify errors in a document and suggest corrected text .
You can download a free 21 day trial of this program or purchase the full version of the software for $ 49 .
Microsoft Word Grammar Checker If you 're looking for a free online grammar checker ,
you may be surprised to learn that Microsoft Word 's spell checker can also be used to find common grammatical mistakes .
If you have this popular word processing program on your computer , check out the following links to learn how to take advantage of the grammar check feature :
The Dear Leader has used his image as a stamp of his absolute authority over North Korea 
while outside the Hermit Kingdom , his likeness symbolizes tyranny and oppression Powerful
Background Inseparable Pair Fathers of a Nation Industrial Dream Mise en Scene Reviled Adversary Red Leader The Way Forward Rosy Hue Flowers Bloom
A Feat of Daring Display Anchored to a Canadarm2 mobile foot restraint ,
astronaut Garrett Reisman continued his work during the first of three planned spacewalks for the STS-132 mission .
During the seven-hour , 25-minute spacewalk , Reisman and NASA astronaut Steve Bowen installed a second antenna for high-speed Ku-band transmissions and added a spare parts platform to Dextre , a two-armed extension for the station's robotic arm .
Forget MTV 's reality show " The Real World " -
if you're considering getting into the startup game but want to get a glimpse of what's in store , then The Founders 2010 is for you .
The weekly video series is in its second incarnation and follows three startup companies - content crowdsourcing service Grogger , mobile augmented reality platform creator Omniar and property management software RentMonitor - in their adventures through Techstars .
Techstars is a 90-day program that provides seed capital and mentorship for Internet startups .
The program offers up to $ 18,000 in seed funding as well as "the chance to pitch to angel investors and venture capitalists at theend of the program , " according to the website .
From what we 've seen , the program has quite the success rate ,
with nearly 70 % of companiescoming out of Techstars raising outside funding or becoming profitableon their own .
In the first episode , David Cohen , the managing director for Techstars , explains that " when people think about the startup and why do you do it , they always think about the exit and getting out and making a bunch of money , but it's really all about the ride .
While " The Founders 2010 " follows startups in Techstars Boulder , the program is also available in Boston and recently expanded to Seattle .
The entire 2009 season of " The Founders " is also available on the Techstars website .
I'm going to write more about this shortly but having had my iPad for about 3 weeks I have to say that the iPad and other devices like it are going to murder large sections of the Windows based market .
And as a Windows software developer , that doesn't make me happy .
If you are producing " stuff " the Windows-centric world is still central .
But for everyone else who are consumers of content , these new devices are a huge threat .
It 's not the form factor per se . Not that it's a " tablet . "
I'll boil it down :
1 . Instant on .
It just works .
I want to check email , look at my schedule for the day , look at Facebook , view something on YouTube , check out some news headlines , or just watch a movie , the iPad ( and future devices of its class ) are just much more convenient .
I love my ThinkPad T400 .
But when I go to it , I have to pray whether it 'll come out of sleep .
If it does come out of sleep , it'll be slow .
Maybe it will be out of batteries . Who knows .
What I do know is that it's far too slow as a consumer device .
Netbooks are even worse .
It seems like such a little thing  instant on .
But it's the difference between a DVR and a VCR in terms of leap of effective functionality .
2 . Speed .
Similar to # 1 , I can check my email , look at my various RSS feeds and scan my schedule in less than 30 seconds .
On a Windows based PC , I 'd still be waiting for Outlook to get done doing its thing or dealing with some Windows update that came in during the night that rebooted my machine .
( and yes , I know you can alter these settings but with Windows , Microsoft has made productivity the enemy and made all the defaults set to fight productivity . )
If I just want to check something out on Wikipedia or check a web page , nothing beats the speed of an iPad ( or a future Android based tablet . )
3 . The App store .
I have downloaded ( and paid for ) a lot of $ 2.00 programs that are just amazing .
It 's not that you could n't make these on the PC , it's just that people would scream that it should be free .
And as a developer , I can tell you , I wo n't spend time making stuff " for free " when I could be spending that time with my kids unless it 's a labor of love .
As a result , a lot of cool little programs are being made because developers can actually get paid for making cool stuff .
Now , some of these things apply to an iPod Touch or an Android mobile device or an iPhone .
But the form factor ( size of the device ) are key here in terms of usability .
The 3 things I mention here are so outshine the Windows PC experience that if Microsoft doesn't get off its duff and start addressing them soon then I predict Windows will become purely a content creation device whose content is primarily consumed elsewhere .
In a seemingly never-ending string of damaging disclosures about its users ' privacy concerns ,
Facebook has reportedly been releasing user data to ad companies that hadn't even asked for the info .
The report says that the companies have delivered user data to major online advertising companies such as Google 's DoubleClick and Yahoo ' ! s Right Media , despite explicit pledges to protect such information .
The released material includes user names and ID numbers , together with data that could be used to accumulate a host of additional information on individual users , such as where they live , their names , occupations , incomes and places of employment .
As Steel and Vascellaro write :
" Across the Web , it's common for advertisers to receive the address of the page from which a user clicked on an ad .
Usually , they receive nothing more about the user than an unintelligible string of letters and numbers that can't be traced back to an individual .
With social networking sites , however , those addresses typically include user names that could direct advertisers back to a profile page full of personal information .
In some cases , user names are people 's real names " .
Representatives of both DoubleClick and Right Media told the Journal reporters that they were unaware they were receiving such data  and stressed that they hadn't tried to make use of any of it .
After the Journal contacted Facebook , the company announced a change in software to prevent transmission of the identifying code , the Journal said .
MySpace announced that it's in the process of adopting the same user protections .
Digg , Livejournal and other sites named in the report are apparently holding off on enhancing privacy safegaurds because they don't require users to register with real names .
Still , the report is another black eye for Facebook ,
four U.S. senators  not exactly your typical Web activists  entered the fray over the company's user privacy standards .
Meanwhile , Facebook is generating plenty of bad PR all by itself ,
with an executive's backlash provoking Q&amp;A at the New York Times and recent reports that users who posted comments critical of founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg have seen their profiles mysteriously deleted .
These episodes may well explain the company 's other piece of bad news this week :
a poll disclosing that 60 percent of Facebook users have considered deleting their accounts because of qualms about the site's privacy policy .
A reader on the Mint.com Facebook page asked :
50 Simple Pleasures
Too often , I delve into the depths of simplicity without focusing on and acknowledging the simple pleasures that pass me by .
Today , I'd like to focus on those simple pleasures Enjoy .
The touch of an outreached baby 's hand .
Silence of morning in a park .
Taste of watermelon on a hot , summer day .
A deep breath after a long run .
Sounds of crashing waves under a full moon .
The feel of the ocean mist as you walk across a pier .
Kids playing carefree .
An ' Ah-Ha ' moment .
Being caught off guard by a beautiful person .
Sharing a sundae with your significant other .
Walking along your favorite outdoor location .
Pat on the back after completing a difficult task .
Telling someone how brilliant they are .
Waterfalls .
Standing in the rain , eyes closed , head tilted skyward .
Finding the solution to a difficult life problem .
Taking a day of rest to do random , enjoyable things .
The anticipation of waiting for a loved on to exit the terminal .
Finishing a workout that reduces all stress .
Crying from laughter .
Remembering the moment you were happiest .
Blaring , feeling , and singing along with your favorite tunes .
Being honored unexpectedly .
The taste of an ice-cold Hefeweizen .
Successfully cooking a meal with no idea what the recipe is .
Sharing with someone who lacks something we take for granted .
Butterflies .
Lying on the grass picturing the non-existent objects in the puffy white clouds above .
Finding your path .
The smell of fresh cut grass .
Planning a voyage .
Taking a voyage .
Coming home from a voyage .
Crossing the finish line .
Being accepted .
The cool side of the pillow .
Watching the sunrise in peace .
The first kiss .
Brushing a worry off your shoulders .
Being upgraded for free .
Watching others you helped succeed .
Laughter .
Rising before the alarm .
Receiving a hand-written letter in the mail .
Relaxing just to relax .
Finding cash in the dryer .
Giving something anonymously .
Smell of cookies baking .
Feeling serenity .
Being happy for another .
In 1970 , the Soviet Union put a laser reflector on the moon , carried by a rover .
A few months later , it disappeared .
Some speculated that the rover had fallen into a crater or parked in such a way as to render the reflector inaccessible .
Now , after 40 years on the lunar surface , the reflector has been found .
A team at UC San Diego had been searching for it .
Earlier this year , NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera provided images of the original landing area .
A sunlit speck , miles from where the team was looking , turned out to be the rover and reflector . The San Diego team was quickly able to pinpoint the reflector's location to within 10 meters .
Scientists send laser pulses to the moon and measure signals that bounce back from three reflectors left by Apollo astronauts , along with another Soviet one .
This information helps track the moon 's position and orbit .
And the researchers say that the re-discovered Russian reflector is particularly useful for studying the moon 's liquid core and testing ideas about gravity .
Says team leader Tom Murphy of the reflector , " It's got a lot to say after almost 40 years of silence " .
If it wasn't enough that Google is rumoured to buying travel technology company ITA Software , then this next move by Apple may just finish a few people off completely .
Above is a screenshot from PatentlyApple.com , which has gone through a patent filed by Apple this month for iTravel , a suite of functionality for the iPhone that includes , well , almost everything for traveller .
iTravel was a patent filed originally in Q3 of 2008 but has since been heavily updated with a terrifying range of options that would sit within the existing handset suite of user options .
At its simplest the service is a series of user options including the ability to make reservations , reservation management , airport and hotel check-in and identification tools .
But read that line again , and you really get an idea of what Apple is trying to do .
The en-route elements are something any tech-head would expect Apple to pioneer 
indeed , mobile is a logical area for identification and ticket handling for a smartphone device , especially when RFID capability becomes a norm rather than something from Minority report .
But the tool that will allow a user to browse and select a flight , hotel , car rental , train , cruise or bus , book it and then receive the ticket or confirmation , is where a service such as iTravel gets very interesting for the user  and the rest of the travel sector .
[ NB : Curiously , in-resort activities such as tours and activities are not included at this stage , perhaps signifying the disparate and complex nature of how they are distributed digitally ]
Because iTravel is only at the patent stage it is impossible to understand how each of the pieces of functionality will work in terms of partnerships ,
but least to say that there may well be a mad scramble to become the provider that runs the flight or hotel search and booking capability .
The ticketing function would also need to be handled by a technology partner  something that a GDS , for example , would be keen to support .
In fact , a GDS could in theory handle the entire thing for Apple .
Such developments like this at Apple Corp begin to shed some light on why a company like Google is potentially interested in a company like ITA Software .
But the point to make here is that whatever Apple does with iTravel it potentially changes the landscape once again .
Why ?
A single piece of functionality like iTravel pretty much puts the search , buy , and trip management ( such as check-in , security ) experience direct into the user's hand through one entry point .
It would be attractive to many users and therefore significant amounts of travel distribution would start to go through such adevice .
To be a part of that search and booking ecosystem is attractive to those involve , but not for those that are squeezed out .
It is now possible to imagine a digital travel sector dominated ( even controlled ) by just a handful of powerful players  those that run the devices and/or the distribution .
The final point to make here is that , once again , it will be the outsiders that disrupt the travel sector , not those already within it .
NLA went to Chinese company KYE and get some information for us .
One worker is working 90 hours per week , gets 52 cents per hour , they can't talk to each other , bathroom is forbidden during work ,
14 people in a room , they are beaten and female workers are sexually harassed by guards .
The employees say that they don't have a life , they have only work .
A poorly made supermarket sausage can be an awful thing ; recycling the worst waste meats and packed with fillers , fluids and modifiers enough to choke a goat .
Yet a properly made artisanal sausage from an honest butcher calls forth hymns of praise from the lucky consumer .
What too few of us seem to realise is how little effort it can take to go one better and actually make our own sausages , controlling quality and flavours and producing something immeasurably more transcendent than the dispiriting slurry-packed condom in the polystyrene tray on the chiller shelf .
Many are put off by the simple process - laid out for your convenience here - by worries about materials or equipment but this needn't be a problem .
Sausages require no more than pork , seasonings , casings and a mincer .
Let's deal with the biggest of those first .
It's possible to buy hand-operated mincers which not only chop the meat but also , with the blade removed pack it into the skin for you .
These are reasonably successful but producing a single kilo of sausage will leave you with a hypertrophic forearm like a fiddler crab on steroids .
Far better to search the houses of friends and relatives and seek out the individual with the biggest kitchen mixer .
The best can be fitted with a mincer so it's worth clubbing together with friends to buy the attachment for the rare occasions it will be used .
I borrowed a new Kenwood Chef for the demo and watched it cheerfully shift to low gear and satisfyingly reduce a small pig to paste .
Sausages skins are called ' casings ' and come in two types .
Collagen casings are made from reconstituted meat products and extruded into a long , regular tube .
They are great for things like Frankfurters but for a real sausage we need to go straight for the guts - traditional ' natural ' casings are scrubbed , cleaned lengths of animal intestine .
I order mine from sausagemaking.org who send them by post .
Trust me , there are few more satisfying sounds to the epicure than that of 40 metres of pig gut landing on your doormat .
With mincer and casings procured , the rest , as you'll see from the pictures , is as simple as pumping pork into a pipe .
You can vary your sausages with all manner of flavourings :
add a little white wine , diced bacon , garlic , rosemary and thyme for a Toulouse ;
garlic , crushed fennel seed and a shot of red wine for authentic tasting Italian salsicci ;
add smoked paprika for a reasonable facsimile of chorizo or even swap pork for lamb , add a hefty dollop of harissa and create your own merguez .
The world , to coin a phrase , is your sausage .
One last thought .
Once you 've invested time , effort and , let's face it , a few smutty giggles , into making your own sausages , it's worth going to the effort of cooking them properly .
Don't , whatever you do , chuck them in a hot pan and prick them with a fork -
the sausage skin does an admirable job of keeping all the lovely juices in and the nasty frying fat out so just trust that the insides are going to braise in their own loveliness .
If you 're worried about the fat content go suck a carrot .
The truly ideal way to cook a sausage is to poach it slowly sunk to its hips in a bath of olive oil
but , failing that , massage each individually with oil first then slide them into an oiled pan and keep them rolling , on a low heat , for as long and as continuously as possible .
Trust me , even 25 minutes of gently rolling them back and forth , jostling their plumply greased little bodies against each other is not too long .
As the skins change to a light tan , then begin to caramelise as the Maillard reaction takes place , you 'll find yourself shifting into the perfect meditative state to honour your sausage .
100 Things You 'll Never Regret Doing
Eat a healthy meal .
Keep a secret .
Send a thank-you note .
Give away half of your clothes .
Hike a new trail .
Offer an apology .
Recycle .
Refrain from gossip .
Write a poem .
Refuse to do a thing which is wrong .
Pick strawberries .
Overcome an addiction .
Ride bike with a 7-year old .
Kiss your spouse .
Give a nice wedding gift .
Bring fresh flowers into your home .
Exercise .
Read To Kill a Mockingbird .
Subscribe to Zen Habits .
Call an old friend .
Forgive a past hurt .
Take a day off .
Visit the beach .
Cultivate spirituality .
Say " thank-you " .
Take a picture .
Find a job you love .
Retell a funny joke .
Develop more patience .
Hand write a letter .
Order dessert on a date .
Say " I love you " .
Take the stairs .
Have a tea party with your daughter .
Tip generously .
Ask a grandparent about their childhood .
Stop a scandal .
Take a hot bath .
Drink a glass of water .
Become an early-riser .
Wave to a child .
Say a prayer .
Learn your mail carrier 's name .
Smile .
Find your passion .
Get a routine check-up .
Donate to charity .
Encourage a teenager .
Be optimistic .
Learn to cook .
Turn off the television .
Add ribbon to a present .
Pay for someone 's drink .
Remove unnecessary possessions .
Visit an art museum .
Laugh at yourself .
Learn a second language .
Stay faithful to your partner .
Buy local produce .
Withhold a lie .
Meditate .
Break up a fight .
Meet your neighbors .
Rock a baby to sleep .
Practice yoga .
Know your child 's friends .
Log off the internet .
Get out of debt .
Save money .
Hear both sides of an argument .
Get your next book from the library .
Show kindness to the elderly .
Identify your values .
Eat outside .
Be more grateful .
Appreciate classical music .
Don't send e-mails in anger .
Dry your clothes on a clothesline .
Compliment a stranger .
Increase your self-confidence .
Buy lemonade from a child's stand .
Bring your lunch to work .
Clean the kitchen .
Give up soda .
Get trained in CPR .
Declutter a drawer .
Eat like the locals .
Listen .
Do your homework .
Help a boy or girl find themselves .
Have breakfast .
Look people in the eye when you speak .
Look people in the eye when they speak .
Make a new friend .
Build a sand castle .
Share a recipe .
Provide clean drinking water .
Worry less .
Read to a small child .
Become a minimalist .
Would it surprise you to learn that the best yogurt is still alive when you eat it ?
The term " live and active cultures " on a yogurt label refers to Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermaophilus , living organisms used to ferment pasteurized milk into yogurt
( some yogurts also contain Lactobacillus acidophilus , Bifidus and other cultures . )
These tiny critters break down milk lactose , giving the lactose-intolerant among us a better chance of getting the nutritional benefits of a milk product without suffering the side effects .
However , some yogurt is heat-treated to extend shelf life or reduce tartness , a process that kills the cultures
( the Food and Drug Administration requires that makers indicate on the label if yogurt is heat-treated . )
Next time you buy refrigerated or frozen yogurt , check whether it has the " live and active cultures " seal on the label .
The designation from the National Yogurt Association is available to makers of refrigerated yogurt with at least 100 million cultures per gram when made , and to makers of frozen yogurt with at least 10 million cultures per gram when made .
The labeling is voluntary , so a container of yogurt could have live cultures but not show the seal .
But according to the NYA , it 's " the industry validation of the presence and activity of significant levels of live cultures " .
Is ITA Software 's airline-hosting business a deal-breaker or a deal-maker with Google ?
While myriad press reports say Google and ITA Software are close to a merger deal , with Google poised to shell out about $ 1 billion for ITA Software , numerous pundits have characterized the acquisition as a perfect cultural and business fit .
And , in a lot of ways , indeed it is .
After all , there are a bunch of computer-engineer braniacs and otherwise very-talented people at West Coast ( Google ) and East Coast ( ITA Software . )
And ITA 's QPX shopping and pricing engine has a grip on airline website ( Continental , Hawaiian , American Airlnes , US Airways , United , Air Canada , LOT , Alitalia ) , online travel agency ( Orbitz , CheapTickets , Hotwire ) and metasearch ( Kayak , SideStep , FareCompare , Fly.com , TripAdvisor , Bing Travel ) flight search .
So , if Google intends to get into travel metasearch , then ITA is an ideal flight-search partner .
In addition , word on the street is that ITA , too , has been playing around with hotel search .
And , why wouldn't it ?
While hotel and air search are two very different animals and although ITA 's DNA is in air , if anyone can turn hotel search up a notch , it is probably ITA .
Hotels are where the money is in the travel business , and Google has been aggressively building out Google Maps with hotel search and pricing .
So , blending Google 's and ITA 's search acumen and focusing on the hotel beat could be a winner .
Meanwhile  and this has received virtually no press  ITA has developed Needlebase , a means for airlines and other travel companies to pursue add-on services such as tours , event tickets and other destination activities .
Needlebase , which I wrote about here before it was branded , would only bolster Google's travel aspirations .
But , a potential sticking point in any Google-ITA deal could be ITA 's airline-reservations system business .
Some have said  what airline reservations business ?
After dropping its goal of developing a global distribution system business to compete with Sabre , Galileo , Amadeus and Worldspan several years ago , ITA attracted some $ 100 million in funding and directed a ton of resources  human and otherwise  into building a new-age airline reservations system .
ITA won one contract , from Air Canada , for this business line , but the cash-strapped carrier pulled the plug on it last year .
Although ITA says it has some airline-contract prospects in the pipeline , for now it does not have any publicly disclosed airline-reservation system contracts .
So , if Google and ITA were to merge , where does this leave ITA 's airline-hosting business ? How does it fit in ?
For Google , it probably does n't .
Can you imagine Google running the reservations and ticketing system for a major airline somewhere ?
Does Google want to get into developing revenue management systems for airlines ?
How fast can you say non-core business ?
And , would ITA want to merely drop a business line that it has thrown its heart and soul into over the last few years ?
After failing in the GDS business , would ITA want to admit its shortcomings in the airline-hosting business , too ?
Do n't forget this : Google is n't the only decision-maker in these negotiations , if indeed they are actively taking place .
ITA , too , could walk away from a deal .
After all , ITA is a very attractive business and has plenty of options for its investors .
One of the enduring questions about ITA has been which would come first  would ITA be acquired by a Sabre or a Google , or would an IPO trump a merger ?
That question has n't been answered yet .
One possibility would be for ITA to dispose of its airline-reservations system assets and to merge its QPX flight search business into Google .
HP and its EDS unit ( now called HP Enterprise Services ) , which are charged with building a new airline-reservations system for American Airlines , might be a suitor for ITA 's airline-res business , especially if rumors are true that EDS is in relative disarray , wracked by HP downsizing over the last year .
Or perhaps ITA could spin off its res system business into a new company .
At any rate , deleting ITA 's res business from the equation could resolve some issues for Google , too .
That rumored $ 1 billion price tag  earlier I had heard $ 1.2 billion  being batted around in the press is a hefty one , even for Google .
In Google 's history , its only acquisitions to have reached that stratosphere were for DoubleClick ( $ 3.1 billion ) and YouTube ( $ 1.65 billion . )
I've heard some skeptism as to whether Google would pay that sum for ITA .
Which does n't mean it won't happen .
But , separating ITA 's QPX business from its airline-reservations system business could bring the price tag down for Google .
And , that could make it easier for the lovable geeks in Mountain View , Calif , . to hold hands .
If you think you only need a business plan to go fishing for capital , you are sorely mistaken .
A business plan -- thoughtfully assembled and diligently updated -- is the very blueprint for any company .
It sets direction , facilitates communication and establishes performance metrics .
Better yet , well-articulated business plans force business owners to constantly weigh the strengths and weaknesses of their operations .
And , yes , these documents are de rigueur when courting professional investors .
Investment-grade business plans -- usually about 20 pages long -- are grounded in deep knowledge of an industry and the money-making opportunities within it .
I can't do that work for you , but I can highlight the 10 key elements that matter most -- to business owners and their investors .
1 . Definition Of The Problem .
Every plan must start with an explanation of the problem the business aims to solve -- not a description of the company and product .
Lay it out in terms your mother could understand , and quantify the " cost of pain " in dollars or time .
2. Avoid airy assertions like " every customer needs this " and gobbledygook like " next generation platform " -- they mean nothing and undermine your credibility .
This is not the place for a detailed product specification .
Instead , explain how and why the product works , including a customer-centric quantification of the benefits .
3 . Industry &amp; Market-Sizing .
Without compiling a tome , capture the evolution of the overall industry , market segmentation , market dynamics and customer landscape .
Relevant charts and graphs , with figures from accredited sources , sell a story very efficiently .
4 . Explanation Of The Business Model .
This section should explain ( again , clearly ) how you will make money :
who pays you and how much of that you get to keep after expenses .
A mere glance should yield a decent grasp of the business growth potential .
5 . Competition and Sustainable Advantage .
List and describe all of your competitors , including substitute products or services .
Simple example : If you 're selling a car , don't forget about motorcycles and trains .
Then detail your sustainable competitive advantage , and highlight barriers to entry which will keep your competitors at bay .
6 .
Marketing and Sales Strategy .
Here you sum up how you will go to market , including your pricing and distribution channels ( which could also include strategic partnerships . )
This is a good place to map out a timeline of key milestones .
7 . Executive team .
Investors ultimately bet on people , not ideas .
Convince investors that your team has the chops and determination to start new businesses .
8 . Funding Requirements .
Explain how you arrived at the amount of capital you are asking for , and describe in depth how you plan to use that money .
9 . Financial Forecast .
Include revenue and expenses for the last three years ( if relevant , ) and project them for the next five . Clearly show -- and justify -- any growth assumptions . Highlight the break-even point .
Include revenue and expenses for the last three years ( if relevant , ) and project them for the next five . Clearly show and justify any growth assumptions . Highlight the break-even point .
This section is required when courting outside investors eager to know when and how they will get their money out , and what sort of return they might expect .
This section is required when courting outside investors eager to know when and how they will get their money out .
The money , fame and stock tickers will come .
A final word on great business plans : Longest and fanciest does n't win the race . These documents are meant to enlighten and reassure , not entertain .
Google Street View Now Highlights Local Businesses
Google just announced a nice addition to its Street View feature in Google Maps .
Starting today , you will be able to see the names of local businesses as you move through a town in Street View .
A click on one of these names will bring up the standard Google Maps business listing with the name of the business , hours , phone number , address and reviews .
According to Google , these new " local business annotation " in Street View are the first step in the company's plans to enhance the discoverability of content in Street View .
Street View will currently only highlight the top listings for the immediate area around your current position in Street View .
The company plans to extend this coverage with more listing soon .
Google also plans to incorporate transit locations in this feature .
Google is clearly working hard on highlighting local businesses across its properties .
Google Maps already shows the names of local businesses once you zoom in close enough , and last week Google announced Google Places , a new version of its Local Business Center , which allows local retailers and restaurants to claim and update their own listings .
In addition , Google is also taking pictures of the in and outside of local businesses around the U.S .
This file photo , taken in 2011 , shows the Chinese submersible ' Jiaolong ' .
The submersible broke through the 7,000-metre mark in an ocean dive on Sunday , state media said , setting a new national record for China .
A manned Chinese submersible broke through the 7,000-metre mark for a new national record on Sunday , state media said , as the rising Asian nation showed off its technological might .
The " Jiaolong " craft dived 7,015 metres ( 23,015 feet ) in the Mariana Trench in the western Pacific Ocean on its fourth dive since arriving in the area earlier this month , the official Xinhua news agency said .
The dive came on the same day as China was attempting its first manual space docking , a complex manoeuvre that will bring the country a step closer to building a space station .
" This ( dive ) shows the performance of the submersible is stable " , mission chief commander Liu Feng told state television in a live broadcast from aboard the ship supporting the submersible .
" The level of our technical personnel is getting better and better " .
The Jiaolong -- named after a dragon from Chinese mythology -- carried three people into the Mariana Trench , the deepest place in the world .
Applause broke out as a depth gauge aboard the supporting ship Xiangyanghong registered more than 7,000 metres , state television showed .
The same submersible reached 5,188 metres in a Pacific dive in July last year .
And in a series of three previous dives since June 15 , the craft has gone deeper each time .
Earlier this year , American film director James Cameron descended almost 11,000 metres to the bottom of the Mariana Trench .
His effort is believed to have at least equalled the record for the deepest manned dive , set by a US Navy officer and a Swiss oceanographer in 1960 , according to Guinness World Records .
Experts say China intends to use the submersible for scientific research , such as collecting samples of undersea life and studying geological structures , as well as future development of mineral resources .
On its third dive on Friday , the crew collected samples of water and sediment and took photos of sea life , Xinhua said .
Scientists say the ocean floors contain rich deposits of potentially valuable minerals , but the extreme depths pose technical difficulties in harvesting them on a large scale .
And the stability and durability of the craft presents further problems for future operations .
The recent round of dives have seen some minor technical glitches , such as the breakdown of communications equipment and problems with the adjustable ballast system , state media has reported .
The 7,000 metre dive was previously scheduled for Monday , state media had reported .
The reasons for the change of date were unclear but mean the record-setting dive comes the same day as China's landmark space manoeuvre .
A new method that combines silicon and water to produce hydrogen could serve as a source of emergency gas for future fuel cell vehicles .
The technique developed by an Oxford University research team led by chemist John Foord generates hydrogen locally at low temperatures .
Project manager Dr Jamie Ferguson , who is helping commercialise Foord's work through the university's spin-out company Isis Innovation , explained combining silicon and water to produce hydrogen has been considered by others before but technical hurdles stood in their way .
While it initially rapidly reacts , Ferguson said , it stops abruptly as soon as an oxide layer is formed .
Foord and his team were able to overcome this , he said , by developing a new method for grinding silica , otherwise known as sand , into silicon nanopowder .
When in this nano-state , it is claimed silicon will readily generate hydrogen when contacted with water at temperatures between 70 and 90 degrees Celsius .
Ferguson said one of the main advantages is the only byproduct is sand , which can be safely disposed or recycled .
In addition to developing a new method for milling sand into silicon nanopowder , Foord 's team also developed a material that encapsulates the silicon nanopowder particles .
Ferguson said this was done to shield the particles from the air because the silicon nanopowder is so reactive it could theoretically generate hydrogen with exposure to even minimal amounts of water .
While being targeted for emergency supplies of hydrogen or lower power fuel cell applications such as laptops or communication devices , the technology has potential to be scaled up .
Foord and his team view local generation of hydrogen as a more plausible alternative to other methods proposed for fuelling portable hydrogen fuel cells .
While hydrogen is energy rich compared to petroleum on a per-weight basis , it is relatively poor on a volumetric basis .
These methods , however , both have significant energy penalties .
Ferguson said the new Oxford method could be considered as a different way of looking at hydrogen storage , ' except the hydrogen storage here is the water ' , he added .
Ferguson said the team is now currently open to offers from company to license its technology .
The Three Secrets to Happiness
Every Thursday is Happiness Day on Zen Habits .
We all know that money can't buy happiness  but many times we act as if we 'd be happier with a bit more money .
We are conditioned to want to be rich ( when we know the rich are n't happy either ) ;
we are trained to want the latest gadget or style that television tells us to want ;
we want to earn more money because then we 'll have the good life .
But none of that will bring us happiness .
No matter how much we earn , no matter how much we have in the bank , no matter how nice our clothing or cars or toys , none of it will make us happier .
But the sad thing is that it could take us decades of pursuing wealth and luxury items before we realize this .
So what will bring us happiness ?
Luckily , therere three things that don't cost a thing .
These three things have been proven by research  surveys of hundreds of thousands of people about what they have , what their lives are like , and how happy they are .
Here they are , the Three Secrets to Happiness :
Good relationships .
We have a human need to be close , to be intimate , with other human beings .
Having good , supportive friendships , a strong marriage or close and loving relationships with our family members will make us much more likely to be happy .
Action steps :
Take time , today , to spend time with your loved ones , to tell them what they mean to you , to listen to them , and develop your relationship with them .
Positive thinking .
I 'm obviously a big proponent of positive thinking as the best way to achieve your goals , but it turns out that it can lead to happiness too .
Optimism and self-esteem are some of the best indicators of people who lead happy lives .
Happy people feel empowered , in control of their lives , and have a positive outlook on life .
Action steps :
Make positive thinking a habit .
In fact , this should be one of the first habits you develop .
Get into the habit of squashing all negative thoughts and replacing them with positive ones .
Instead of " I can't " think " I can . "
It may sound corny , but it has worked for me , every time .
Flow .
This is a popular concept on the Internet these days  the state we enter when we are completely focused on the work or task before us .
We are so immersed in our task that we lose track of time .
Having work and leisure that gets you in this state of flow will almost undoubtedly lead to happiness .
People find greatest enjoyment not when they're passively mindless , but when they're absorbed in a mindful challenge .
Action steps :
Find work that you 're passionate about .
Seriously  this is an extremely important step .
Find hobbies that you 're passionate about .
Turn off the TV  this is the opposite of flow  and get outside and do something that truly engages you .
You 've been given the Three Secrets to Happiness .
Don't waste them !
The Gunpowder Plot :
Overview by David Nash Ford " Remember , remember the fifth of November .
Gunpowder , Treason and Plot .
I see no reason why Gunpowder Treason Should ever be forgot " .
This poetic little rhyme , still popular among children today , continues to remind us why , on the night of November 5th , bonfires surmounted by cloth manikins or " Guys " are set alight in every town and village in Britain amongst a blaze of celebratory fireworks :
The scene was the early 17th century Lambeth home of one John Wright deep in the suburbs of the City of London . Three British Catholic gentlemen met in secret to discuss their troubles .
King James VI of Scotland had only recently taken on the English throne as James I but , despite promises of a relaxation in the anti-catholic laws , it now appeared that the new King would be even more severe in their persecution than his predecessor had been .
Being no stranger to plots and intrigue , Robert Catesby , a notorious Northamptonshire catholic , now felt the time was right to strike a blow for his religion .
He had called his cousin , Thomas Wintour , to the house of his friend , Wright , in order to lay before them both his plan to blow up the King and the House of Lords at the next Opening of Parliament .
With the monarch , the Prince of Wales and most of his leading ministers dead , they would seize the young Prince Charles and the Princess Elizabeth and raise a general revolt to return Catholicism to the land .
In May 1604 , Thomas Wintour enlisted the help of a Yorkshire mercenary named Guy Fawkes who had distinguished himself on the continent in the Spanish Army .
With his vast experience of dangerous situations , Fawkes was to be the man of action in a group which was growing quickly as Catesby persuaded relatives , friends and colleagues to enter the conspiracy and help finance his plans .
Robert Wintour , Christopher Wright , Thomas Percy , John Grant , Ambrose Rokewood , Robert Keyes , Sir Everard Digby , Francis Tresham and Catesby 's servant , Thomas Bates all joined in the hazardous plot .
Originally the Catesby rented a house near to the Palace of Westminster and the group began to dig a tunnel out under the Houses of Parliament .
However progress was slow for these gentlemen who were not used to such hard labour .
Eventually , in March 1605 , Thomas Percy was able to use his connections at the Royal Court to rent a cellar right under the House of Lords !
The tunnel was quickly abandoned and , posing as Percy 's servant , one " John Johnson " , Fawkes was able to fill the underground storehouse with some thirty-six barrels of gunpowder hidden beneath coal and wooden sticks , a store of fuel for the winter .
Everything was set in place :
all the conspirators had to do now was wait .
Perhaps they had prepared too early though , for doubts began to creep into the minds of some of the plotters , worried about fellow catholics who would be present in Parliament on the appointed day , the 5th November .
Only ten days before the Opening of Parliament , Lord Monteagle , an apparently reformed catholic , was sitting down to dinner in his Hoxton home when an important letter arrived for him .
It read :
" My lord , out of the love I bear to some of your friends , I have a care for your preservation .
Therefore I would advise you , as you tender your life , to devise some excuse to shift of your attendance of this Parliament , for God and man hath concurred to punish the wickedness of this time .
And think not slightly of this advertisement but retire yourself into your country , where you may expect the event in safety ,
for though there be no appearance of any stir , yet I say they shall receive a terrible blow , the Parliament , and yet they shall not see who hurts them ..
This counsel is not to be contemned , because it may do you good and can do you no harm ,
for the danger is past as soon as you have burnt the letter :
and I hope God will give you the grace to make gooduse of it , to whose holy protection I commend you " .
The authorship of the letter has never been certainly identified , but Lord Monteagle was Francis Tresham 's brother-in-law .
Monteagle immediately showed the letter to Robert Cecil , the Earl of Salisbury and Secretary of State .
Though rather slow to act , the Privy Council eventually had the vaults beneath the Lords searched on the 4th November , first by the Earl of Suffolk and late the same evening by Sir Thomas Knyvett .
Composed to the end , Fawkes coolly let the officials into Percy 's cellar .
Of course , the gunpowder was quickly discovered and Guy Fawkes was overpowered .
On hearing that their plans had been foiled , Robert Catesby and Thomas Wintour fled to the Midlands where they met up with the rest of their party in Warwickshire , but failed to rally any support .
They managed to travel amongst the houses of friends and sympathisers for three days before finally being captured in a bloody raid on Holbeche House in Staffordshire .
Catesby , Percy and the two Wright brothers were killed , while a wounded Thomas Wintour and Ambrose Rokewood were taken away to London .
Others were captured a few days later ( though Robert Wintour was at large for some two months . )
All the conspirators , save for Tresham were executed for their crimes .
Francis Tresham died while still a prisoner in the Tower of London and it has often been suggested that his death was arranged to cover up his complicity in the uncovering of the plot .
Whether through genuine second thoughts or external pressures , Tresham may have warned his brother-in-law , Lord Monteagle , of the plot some time before the arrival of the now-famous letter
and together they agreed upon this means of scuppering the plan , yet still giving the conspirators enough time to escape .
There is certainly much more to the famous " Gunpowder Plot " than first meets the eye and its mysteries endure to this day .
How were these known trouble-makers able to so easily penetrate the inner sanctum of English Government ?
And why did it take so long for the cellars to be searched ?
Is it possible that the Earl of Salisbury had actually instigated the plot in order to frighten the King into recognising the Catholic threat ?
A popular theory sees Guy Fawkes as an agent provocateur with other plotters , like Tresham , acting as double agents .
It seems more likely , however , that Salisbury 's agents merely infiltrated an existing conspiracy . He then left the plot's unveiling until the last minute for added dramatic effect .
In fact , the King may never have been in any real danger .
More Detail on the Gunpowder Plot
Wominnovation Some innovations help women more than others
Mar 9th 2010 | From The Economist online
TWO recent innovations have garnered a lot of attention for the way they empower women .
One is microcredit , a system of lending to very poor people , the majority of whom are female microentrepreneurs who are thus helped to climb out of poverty .
The other is the mobile phone , which among other things has led to the emergence of an army of " telephone ladies " in countries such as Bangladesh , who earn a decent living by buying a phone and renting it out to other villagers .
That said , some innovations have been harmful to women , especially in the developing world .
As the cover story of the latest issue of The Economist points out , at least 100m female lives have been lost in recent decades due to " gendercide " in countries such as China , where the number of live male births recorded enormously exceeds the number of live female births .
One factor in this has been new technology that allows parents to determine their embryo 's sex early in a pregnancy and thus to abort females in countries where male offspring are valued more highly .
Other innovations also bring more benefits to men than women .
For example , women are estimated to be only 25% of internet users in Africa , 22% in Asia , 38% in Latin America and just 6% in the Middle East .
" How can we harness innovation 's power to empower women and promote greater gender equality " ?
asks a new study by the International Centre for Research on Women .
Its authors try to answer this question first by examining eight inventions that they say have helped women dramatically , including village mobile phones and microcredit .
Another example is the birth-control pill :
there is a strong case to be made that it has brought more benefits for women than any other invention , although the report does not attempt such a ranking .
The automatic washing-machine might give it a close run in countries where it is commonplace , by freeing women from an activity that used to take many hours a week .
Instead of studying that , the report instead considers a number of " social innovations , " ranging from land titling in Peru to the successful anti-foot-binding campaign in China , that the authors say have had a massive beneficial impact .
What makes for a successful pro-women innovation ?
The report says it is usually the confluence of several positive factors .
As with all innovation , a good idea is not enough in itself :
it also needs a favourable context , including political , economic and social conditions that make the time right for its adoption , and an innovation system that excels at finding and testing good ideas and quickly scaling them up .
But the invention must also have an inherent value that compels women to embrace it such as the power the Pill gave women over the decision to become pregnant .
The scooter an innovation that is far from new is now liberating Asian women Whereas some of the innovations , including the Pill , were explicitly designed for women ,
others have been designed for men and women alike , but have disproportionately benefited women .
Microcredit is one example , in part because poor men seem to be more feckless borrowers than their female counterparts .
Another example during the past decade has been a dramatic surge in the use by women in several Asian countries including China , India , Malaysia and Thailandof something that is far from new in much of the world , the motorised scooter .
The scooters , over 60% of which in India are now bought by women , have provided a fairly safe and reliable way for women to travel to more distant places for education and work , greatly increasing their opportunities and productivity .
Including women in the design of the innovation can also help
for instance , a campaign to get poor people to switch to environmentally friendly stoves did not succeed at first because the new stoves did not actually make a woman 's life any easier .
It was only when they were redesigned with the involvement of women's groups , to reduce cooking time and require less standing over them , as well as burning less fuel , that they took off .
The authors are optimistic that , " more than at any time in history " there is the prospect of using innovation to improve the lives of poor women .
Notwithstanding the examples of the scooter and the mobile phone , which were not particularly designed with women in mind , they argue that to make the most of this great potential , there needs to be female involvement within the innovation strategy from the start .
Among the promising ideas for the future that the report mentions are foot-pedalled water pumps , the " microfranchising " of heating and lighting provision in rural areas not served by the electric grid and the " crowdsourcing " of work to local communities .
Each of these has the potential to liberate many more poor women in the coming years .
British astrophysicist Stephen Hawking says aliens are out there , but it could be too dangerous for humans to interact with extraterrestrial life .
Hawking claims in a new documentary that intelligent alien lifeforms almost certainly exist , but warns that communicating with them could be " too risky " .
The 68-year-old scientist says a visit by extraterrestrials to Earth would be like Christopher Columbus arriving in the Americas , " which didn't turn out very well for the Native Americans " .
He speculates most extraterrestrial life will be similar to microbes , or small animals  but adds advanced lifeforms may be " nomads , looking to conquer and colonize " .
The Discovery Channel said Sunday it will broadcast " Stephen Hawking 's Universe " in Britain next month .
Strange meeting A corner of a foreign field that is forever China Few European visitors to Beijing visit its ancient astronomical observatory , perched on a grey stone tower amid smoggy snarls of traffic .
Yet the instruments on the observatory 's roof offer a rare physical link to one of China ' s least-known historical adventures : its ill-fated involvement in the first world war .
China sent 140,000 labourers to the mud and barbed wire of the Western Front .
They dug trenches , toiled in docks and railway yards or worked in arms factories for the allies .
After years of near-silence , the labourers ' part in the war is finally attracting attention , both in China and Europe .
A first big exhibition will open on April 24th in Ypres , a Belgian town , and site of one of the war's bloodiest battles .
The young Chinese republic founded three years before the outbreak of war gained little from its status as an ally .
The 1919 Treaty of Versailles handed over control of Germany 's colonial possessions in China to Japan .
One of China 's few tangible rewards was the return of the Qing-dynasty astronomical instruments , which had been taken by German troops from Beijing after the Boxer Uprising of 1900 , and installed in a park in Potsdam .
China 's humbling at Versailles had dramatic effects back home , triggering student protests that morphed into a modernising movement which contributed to the growth of the Communist Party .
Nearly 100,000 Chinese labourers served near the front lines in Flanders , together with a few hundred Chinese students recruited as interpreters .
Most were volunteers , poor farmers from coastal provinces attracted by high pay and contracts promising ( falsely ) that they would be kept away from the fighting .
Neutrals until China declared war on Germany in 1917 , they became part of a nominally civilian " Chinese Labour Corps , " but in fact endured military discipline under British officers .
The Chinese lived in camps behind the front lines but death found them anyway .
Two thousand are buried in Belgium and northern France , killed in bombardments and air raids or by disease .
Their gravestones , neatly incised with Chinese names , can still be seen in the immaculate war cemeteries that dot the Flemish landscape .
The story ended bitterly for survivors , too .
The Chinese were blamed for many crimes in the lawless months after the Armistice .
Hundreds died in the influenza that swept post-war Europe .
The last were shipped home in 1920 , kicked out by Belgium 's government .
A handful of decorated shell cases , finely engraved with dragons , flowers and inscriptions , are almost the only artefacts they left behind .
One of several displayed at the " In Flanders Fields " museum in Ypres bears a lovingly carved poem . It is about homesickness .
Why US really went after Goldman With the Goldman suit , the SEC enhanced its power and created leverage for its congressional allies just as new international banking rules are under consideration .
It might be just coincidence that the Securities and Exchange Commission filed civil fraud charges against Goldman Sachs ( GS , news , msgs ) in the midst of a contentious debate in Washington over legislation to reform Wall Street .
But it 's sure no coincidence that the SEC announced its charges on the same day that comments closed on what's called Basel III .
You 're probably up to your eyeballs in speculation about what the charges against Goldman will mean for the Wall Street bank that everyone fears to hate .
And you 're probably desperately trying to tune out the empty rhetoric that passes for debate over the financial-reform bill in the Senate these days .
( Let 's just say that when Sen . Chris Dodd , D-Conn , . said his Republican colleagues were acting like teenagers , I sprang to my feet at home to launch an impassioned defense of teenagers from such slander ) .
And you 've quite possibly never even heard of Basel III .
But I think the other two much more public stories are simply sideshows to the action in the main ring that is Basel III .
OK , so what 's Basel III , and why is it so important ?
This set of new regulations for the international banking industry will determine the profitability of banks for the next decade .
Simple as that .
And that 's something that neither the SEC charges against Goldman nor the financial-reform legislation in Congress can claim .
The price of safety The Basel III rules , so named because they follow on sets of international banking rules called Basel I and Basel II , drawn up in the Swiss city of Basel , will set much tougher guidelines for Tier 1 bank capital than the earlier sets of rules .
That was inevitable in any set of new rules in the aftermath of the global financial crisis .
No one is sure how tough these rules will be .
The comment period on the draft rules closed only April 16 .
But just about every national banking industry in the world is worried that the rules will , if not put it out of business , crush profits and put it at a deep disadvantage to banks that are n't required to , or don't strictly adhere to , the new rules .
The worry is n't really over how high the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision will set capital requirements .
Banks are pretty much resigned to being forced to raise more capital and to keep higher levels of reserves .
It 's hard to argue that excessive leverage ( and inadequate reserves ) did n't play a major role in turning a global financial problem into a very close encounter with global financial meltdown .
The Basel committee 's members are representatives of central banks from many of the world's largest economies .
The committee has no real regulatory power but sets standards and best practices in the expectation that member countries will take steps to comply .
The need for higher reserves has been bolstered by the example of countries such as Spain , where the real-estate market blew up as disastrously as anywhere in the world ,
but where the banking system walked away from the wreck with relatively minor injuries
because the Banco de Espaa , Spain 's central bank , had imposed higher reserve requirements as the bubble inflated .
No , what keeps bankers from Tokyo to New York up at night is worry over how Basel III will define Tier 1 capital .
The Basel II rules said banks had to hold at least 4% of their risk-adjusted assets ( for a bank , an asset is a loan . )
One big loophole in Basel II exposed by the global financial crisis was in the nature of these equitylike holdings .
Some were n't as safe and liquid as they needed to be .
Some equitylike holdings turned out to be , in essence , debt .
The effect was to lower Tier 1 capital to as little as 2% of risk-adjusted assets .
And that just was n't enough margin of safety when the global financial crisis hit .
So the draft proposal would tighten the definition of Tier 1 capital .
That's great , in theory .
But in practice , the proposed rules would throw out whole asset classes that individual national banking industries depend on for a major part of their capital .
So , for example , the draft rules propose tough new requirements on limiting how much cross-share holding -- that is when banks own shares of each other -- could count toward Tier 1 capital requirements .
That proposal comes down really hard on European banks , which routinely own big hunks of each other .
The French Banking Federation said in its comments on the rules that the draft proposal would confront eurozone banks with a $ 503billion deficit in Tier 1 capital .
U.S. banks would take their own hits from the proposed Tier 1 capital rules in Basel III .
For example , the rules would require that banks maintain an amount of long-term loans and deposits equal to their financing needs for 12 months , including off-balance-sheet commitments and anticipated securitization .
That would force many U.S. banks to move away from using the capital markets to raise funds and to increase their reliance on deposits .
In general , U.S. banks are moving in that direction , but Basel III , now scheduled for implementation by the end of 2012 , would speed up the trend .
It's hard to believe some of the numbers being thrown about .
Lobbyists for U.S. banks claim that the rules would force banks around the world to raise $ 6 trillion in new capital .
Because the Basel III rules will be enforced by national regulators , who would n't rush to put their national banking system out of business , I think that number is nonsense .
I have seen one number that does express the effect of Basel III on banks :
According to an analysis by UBS , the stricter definition of capital and higher capital requirements in Basel III would reduce lender 's return on equity to 12.9% from an estimated 13.8% in 2012 .
That may not seem like a lot , but the difference between the return on equity at JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , news , msgs ) and Bank of America ( BAC , news , msgs ) , a very well-run bank and a not-so-well-run bank , respectively , in 2007 was only slightly larger , at 12.9% for JPMorgan to 10.8% for B of A .
Why the banks will bend Now what does all this have to do with the SEC fraud charge against Goldman and the financial-reform bill in Congress ?
First , notice that while the banks and regulators may be adversaries in the SEC - Goldman suit , they 're more like co-conspirators when it comes to Basel III .
If banks are going to head off any parts of Basel III that they find especially onerous , they 're going to need national banking regulators to make their case with the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision .
In fact , the U.S. Federal Reserve called just such a meeting in the week before the SEC filed its case .
Executives from JPMorgan , Wells Fargo ( WFC , news , msgs ) and Fifth Third Bancorp ( FITB , news , msgs ) met regulators from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp , . the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , the Office of Thrift Supervision and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York who listened as the banks raised their objections to Basel III .
None of the regulators defended Basel III , Bloomberg BusinessWeek reported .
But to ensure that the regulators go to bat for them with respect to Basel III , the banks need to agree to a small but significant list of changes .
Banks can offer to let national regulators -- the Federal Reserve , the FDIC and others -- regulate them instead of the international agencies in Basel and at the International Monetary Fund .
No regulator wants to lose authority over any part of the regulated realm .
Banks can offer to make regulators look good by agreeing to significant rules or legislation that would increase the regulators ' prestige and visibility .
Banks can offer regulators increased responsibility by agreeing to new regulation of unregulated or underregulated parts of the market .
So think about the financial-reform bills , then , as a careful balancing act by banks , regulators and legislators ( who have their own desire for prestige , etc. ) .
Each side wants something of value that they're willing to pay for , but no side is willing to pay too much .
So regulators and legislators want to increase their territory by increasing regulation of derivatives and by forcing trading in some derivatives to exchanges .
That will cost banks by increasing collateral requirements and by lowering fees .
Banks may not want to pay all that legislators and regulators want here , but they 're certainly willing to pay something in exchange for support on Basel III .
So we have the current argument over how much of the derivative market will be exempt from regulation .
This is one reason that I'm just about certain that some financial-reform bill will pass --
something with enough teeth in it so that regulators and legislators can brag but not so many that it's too painful for banks .
Think about the SEC civil fraud charges in the context of this triangulation .
By bringing the suit , the SEC enhanced its own power , but , more importantly , it created critical leverage for its allies in Congress who were working to extend regulators ' powers and reputation .
The cost to the banking industry ?
Modest pain for a rival that many banks would n't mind seeing cut down to size .
And so far , at least , Goldman looks like it's going to get an expensive slap on the wrist but not one so painful that it will endanger Goldman 's place in the Wall Street hierarchy .
It's by no means certain that the SEC will win its suit against Goldman Sachs .
The case will rest on proving that hedge fund Paulson , which was betting that the mortgage-backed-securities market would drop , had material involvement in deciding which mortgage-backed securities went into the investment , Abacus ,
and whether Goldman failed to disclose that involvement to the buyers .
( Paulson stood to profit if Abacus ' value declined , while the other clients profited if Abacus ' value rose ) .
If the SEC prevails , Goldman will face a fine in the range of $ 100million to $ 300million ( petty cash for Goldman , ) restitution of the $ 1billion in losses ( real money certainly , but Goldman just reported earnings of nearly $ 3.5billion for the first quarter of 2010 ) and a hard-to-guess level of punitive damages .
The punitive damages could be as much as three times the $ 1billion loss .
And they 'd likely to be appealed for years .
So this thwack is hardly the kiss of death for Goldman or even major damage to its business model .
( For more details on the SEC suit , see this blog post on my website . )
Sure , everybody from European financial regulators to attorneys for banks on the losing end of Goldman deals will pile on .
I have to believe the SEC picked the case that it thought it was most certain to win .
That means other potential plaintiffs , including American International Group and Royal Bank of Scotland , may face cases that they can n't win .
But this is a circumstance based on largely unexpressed mutual interest and not on some plan articulated by the participants and then carefully laid out .
The momentum of a situation like this can quickly get out of hand if some party gets carried away by the moment and forgets the interests of the other parties or miscalculates its own interests .
There are signs that this could happen .
Anger among voters is so high that some legislators are in danger of actually pushing for reforms that would be exceedingly costly to banks .
The Volcker rule , which would require banks to divest their proprietary trading units , is still in the Dodd bill in the Senate , for example .
The SEC is known to have sent subpoenas in 2009 to Bank of America , Citigroup , Credit Suisse , UBS , Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank .
If the agency files suits against a wider swath of the banking industry , banks may find that they 're facing a tidal wave of public anger that makes it impossible for them to control the trade-offs in congressional reform legislation .
Two House Democrats , Peter DeFazio of Oregon and Elijah Cummings of Maryland , have asked the SEC to broaden its probe of Goldman Sachs and to refer any criminal misconduct to the Department of Justice .
DeFazio and Cummings are especially interested in the $ 12.9billion in taxpayer money that AIG paid to Goldman Sachs to settle derivative positions .
( For a different take on who might be next , see this blog post of mine . )
This all could still get out of hand .
Let's hope , anyway .
Ripple Effects After an Offshore Oil Rig Explosion By Bryan Walsh ,
Apr . 24 , 2010 The oil drilling rig that had burned for 36 hours in the Gulf of Mexico sank Thursday
as hopes dimmed for 11 missing workers and the risk of a major oil spill loomed , officials said .
U.S. Coast Guard / Reuters
When a massive explosion occurred on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig off the coast of Louisiana on April 20 ,
the first concern was for the 11 workers missing after the accident .
A secondary fear was the environmental impact of the oil and natural gas that could be spilled in the accident  especially once the rig sank on April 22 .
The rig was producing up to 336,000 gallons of oil a day and carrying some 700,000 gallons of fuel oil at the time of the accident .
A major spill would have threatened the sensitive Louisiana coast , and resulted in the worst man-made environmental disaster since the Exxon Valdez ran aground in Alaska in 1989 .
The good news is that this spill looks as though it will be largely contained .
The Coast Guard reported Friday morning that a remote-controlled camera found that oil was not leaking from the deep-water well drilled by the rig .
It's not clear why no oil appears to be leaking , or whether the well won't begin bleeding again in the future 
crews were unable to close it before the rig sank 
but for now the environmental damage appears to have been blunted .
" Right now it looks like we dodged a bullet " , says Edward Overton , a professor emeritus of environmental sciences at Louisiana State University ( LSU . )
But it is worth asking what might have happened .
The Gulf of Mexico produces more than 1.6billion barrels of crude oil a day , almost a third of the country's total production ,
and drilling will not cease because of the Deepwater Horizon accident .
but that does n't mean a major oil spill would n't have devastating environmental effects on the Louisiana coast .
If ocean currents pushed the crude onto the coastline , it could damage the breeding groups for shrimp and oyster beds .
( See a brief history of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill ) . It would also risk the safety of wild birds .
Although unrefined crude is n't very toxic , it 's heavy , and if it coats the wings of birds , it will eventually smother them .
" The Gulf coast is a sensitive breeding area that we 're trying to bring back and restore " , says LuAnn White , director of the Tulane Center for Applied Environmental Public Health at Tulane University .
" Any time you have a spill in the Gulf , you have to be concerned " .
For such a serious accident , however , it looks as though the Gulf coast will get off without major damage , provided the deep-water well does n't open up again .
BP , which owns the rig operated by the Swiss drilling company Transocean , has already dispatched more than 30 ships capable of skimming in excess of 170,000 barrels of oil a day , to counter any that does spill .
In this case , the sheer ferocity of the accident might have had lessened its environmental impact 
much of the fuel oil and crude onboard the rig may have burned up in the initial fire .
Still , the explosion is bound to generate criticism about the safety of offshore oil and gas drilling 
coming just a few weeks after President Barack Obama announced support for increased offshore energy exploration .
The reality is that while the industry has improved safety in recent decades , drilling for oil and gas in deep water is inherently risky .
Seawater is corrosive to equipment , while wind and weather can turn lethal with little warning .
A spill that can be relatively easily contained on land can quickly bleed out of control on the water .
" Obviously the more you explore , the greater risks you have " , says White .
" What you need to have is a balance " .
The question is whether the Deepwater Horizon accident might change the balance .
Already a number of coastal senators and governors have expressed concern about expanded offshore drilling ,
and analysts note that while a majority of Americans support more offshore exploration , that support may not be very deep .
It was a major spill off the coast of Santa Barbara , Calif , . in 1969 ,
after all , that created momentum for a moratorium on new offshore drilling ,
and another spill could change the poll numbers today .
Already New Jersey Sens . Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez have said that they won't vote for a climate change bill if it allows expanded offshore drilling .
" Big Oil has perpetuated a dangerous myth that coastline oil drilling is a completely safe endeavor ,
but accidents like this are a sober reminder of just how far that is from the truth " , said Lautenberg and Menendez in a joint statement on April 22 .
For now , Coast Guard officials and BP will work to control whatever oil actually does seep into the water , while continuing to search for the final missing workers  although hope for their survival is growing dim .
" A billion dollar oil rig is scrap metal and at least 12 people have lost their lives " , says LSU 's Overton .
" This is still a significant accident " .
A slew of apps promise to encourage " lucid dreaming . "
So why is there such enthusiasm around the idea of controlling dreams , asks Sam Judah .
" You 're only bound by gravity if you believe in it " , says Rory Mac Sweeney , impatiently .
He is explaining the logic of a dream world which he not only visits each night , but apparently has active control over , flying at will through lush forests or launching himself upward into the night sky .
It sounds implausible , but the phenomenon is known as lucid dreaming .
Lucid dreaming technically refers to any occasion when the sleeper is aware they are dreaming .
But it is also used to describe the idea of being able to control those dreams .
Once confined to a handful of niche groups , interest in lucid dreaming has grown in recent years , spurred on by a spate of innovations from smartphone apps to specialist eye masks , all promising the ability to influence our dreams .
" A couple of years ago there were about four or five people organising meetings " says Mac Sweeney , a dentist and lucid dreaming expert from Islington , London .
" Now there are closer to 50 , and that 's in the capital alone " .
It 's not just lucid dreaming groups that are booming .
Attendance at more traditional dream interpretation groups like the Academy of Dreams , in Euston , are up ,
and elsewhere people are paying up to 40 an hour for private interpretation sessions .
Michael Cave , who works at a bank in Marylebone , London , is one of the newcomers .
As with many recent recruits , he was attracted by adverts for lucid dreaming meetings on social networking sites , one of the factors behind the trend .
" I 'm quite a sceptical person and would only believe it if I experienced it for myself .
Now , though , I 've achieved lucidity a number of times " .
In addition to the group meetings , Michael has toyed with Dream :
ON , the most popular of the many new smartphone apps now available .
Created by psychologist Richard Wiseman , the app has seen over half a million downloads in just six weeks .
" The new wave of interest is led by technology " , says Wiseman , whose app claims to allow users to choose their dream before bed , and plays sound cues once they have entered the right phase of sleep .
" When I selected birdsong , for example , I found myself dreaming that I was in a green and sunny field " , says Cave .
Whilst this is n't strictly lucid dreaming ,
as it does n't offer users control from within a dream ,
there are many more which promise just that .
Singularity Experience , Dreamz , Sigmund and Lucid Dream Brainwave all work in a similar way , by playing subtle audio cues whilst the user is asleep .
Not enough to wake them , but hopefully sufficient to trigger awareness inside a dream .
More curious still are the specialist sleep masks which attempt to make a lucid experience more likely .
The Remee , from Brooklyn based inventors Duncan Frazier and Steve McGuigan , is the latest such device ,
and it confirmed the public appetite for dream control .
Attempting to raise $ 35,000 to develop the product , the pair saw a deluge of public contributions totalling over $ 500,000 .
" We wanted to bring lucid dreaming into the mainstream " , says McGuigan .
By firing a set of LED lights over the eyelids once the user is asleep , the mask claims to offer a visual reminder to a dreamer who hopes to gain control .
The tool isn't the first of its kind , however .
An early " dream machine " was created in the late 70s by Keith Hearne .
A lucid dreamer himself , Hearne was determined to prove the phenomenon in a series of trials at Liverpool University .
From a bed in a laboratory , wired up to a polygraph machine ,
a sleeping subject was able to move his eyes according to a pre-agreed pattern - left then right many times in quick succession .
The study was repeated by Steve LaBerge in California .
Allan Hobson , a neuroscientist at Harvard Medical School , confirms this view .
" For the first time you could show that there were objective correlates between dreams and the outside world " .
But references to lucid dreaming stretch back at least as far as Tibetan Buddhists in the 8th century ,
for whom it was just one stage in the practice of " dream yoga . "
In 1867 Marquis d'Hervey even wrote an instruction manual entitled Dreams and How To Guide Them
before a Dutch psychiatrist , Frederick Van Eeden , finally coined the term " lucid dreaming " in the early 20th century .
More recently it has been hinted at by films like Inception and the Science of Sleep , which have no doubt contributed to its allure .
" Inception has been a major factor " , says Mac Sweeney ,
" it's helped to shed the new age connotations .
Now it 's seen as glamorous , even sophisticated " .
Does the flurry of new technology actually work though ,
and how likely are you to experience a lucid dream yourself ?
Disappointingly , Hobson tells us , " lucid dreaming is very hard work and won't happen for everyone . "
There 's no guarantee that the apps will help , either .
Success rates in those we asked were low , even among experienced lucid dreamers .
Ultimately , the lucid dreaming adherents say attaining the revered state requires discipline and practice ,
and the key is being able to quickly distinguish dreams from reality .
One step they advocate is to regularly perform a simple reality test .
Hold your nose , close your mouth , and try to breathe .
If you 're able to inhale , it 's a signal that you 're inside a dream , which you can begin to manipulate .
For those who do achieve lucidity the rewards can be great , not just in the dreams but in their waking lives too .
Caroline McCready , an artist and regular at lucid dreaming meetings , says :
" You 're able to ask yourself very profound questions , and get answers .
I 've come to understand a lot of my fears now because I 'm able to confront them directly in dreams " .
The process " challenges everything , " Mac Sweeney suggests .
" You start to lose a lot of conceited notions about yourself and your relationships with other people " .
For Hobson , the neuroscientist , the benefits of being able to achieve lucid dreaming are much simpler .
" We do n't really know if there are real psychological advantages ,
but I can tell you that it has huge entertainment value .
It 's like going to the movies and not paying for your ticket " .
How long can you go without sleep ?
On 28 December 1963 , Randy Gardner , a 17-year-old schoolboy in San Diego , California , got up at 6 am feeling wide awake and raring to go .
He did n't go back to sleep again until the morning of 8 January 1964 .
That 's 11 days without sleep .
Gardner 's 264 hours remains the longest scientifically verified period without sleep , breaking the previous record of 260 hours .
It was described in a 1965 paper by sleep researcher William Dement of the Stanford University School of Medicine in California ,
who stayed awake with Gardner for the final three days .
Gardner experienced mood swings , memory and attention lapses , loss of coordination , slurred speech and hallucinations , but was otherwise fine .
His first sleep after those 11 days lasted just 14 hours .
According to Dement , Gardner did not consume any stimulants during his " wakeathon . "
He did , however , have people around him keeping him awake .
Without such help you would be fighting hard to stay awake after 36 hours , and would find the urge to sleep near-irrepressible by 48 .
But you 'd probably be snatching subtle bursts of sleep even before you finally went to bed :
sleep-deprived people slip in and out of " microsleeps " -
seconds of sleep that occur without you noticing them , often with your eyes open .
Microsleeps aside , how long could Gardner have gone on for ?
Nobody knows for sure , but we do know that sleep deprivation is eventually fatal .
Rats that are kept awake die after two weeks , less time than it takes them to starve to death .
There are no records of a human having been intentionally kept awake long enough to kill them ,
but a hereditary disease called fatal familial insomnia suggests there is an ultimate limit .
The disease eventually robs victims of the ability to sleep .
Death follows within three months .
48 Fun Ways to Exercise
A couple of 5th graders named Michelle and Casen recently asked me :
What advice would you give us when we know we should exercise , but we just do n't feel up for it ?
My answer to them is what I 'd tell anyone , child or adult :
Do n't look at it as exercise  instead , play games and sports and have a ton of fun !
The main thing is just to get outside every day and do something you think is fun .
You can play sports like soccer , basketball , baseball , or badminton .
You can play games like freeze tag or ride a bike or do running races with your friends or family .
You can go on hikes with your family or go swimming or paddling .
Do lots of different things , and again , focus on having fun , and doing it often .
Michelle and Casen 's class , which has created the excellent Kids Read and Ride program , took this advice to heart and came up with 48 Fun Ways to Exercise .
This is a good list for anyone :
Aerobics Ballet Baseball Basketball Biking Boating Bowling Boxing Canoeing Dance Revolution Dancing Double Dutch Field Hockey Football Frisbee Golf Gymnastics Hiking Hockey Hopscotch Horseback Riding Hula hooping Ice Skating Jogging Juggling Jump rope Laser tag Paintball Ping-Pong Playing catch Rock Climbing Roller Blading Roller Skating Running Skateboarding Skiing Soccer Softball Swimming Tae Kwon Do Tennis Trampoline Treadmill Unicycling Volleyball Walking Weightlifting Wii sports games My recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week ( 4-5 days perhaps . )
If you go out , have fun , enjoy the activity , it won't feel like " exercise "  but you 'll be getting fit and healthy in the meantime .
Make the workout the reward .
Mortgage-Backed Securities Are Good Bet Now :
Margo D. Beller
16 Dec 2011 | 01 : 38 PM
The Federal Reserve will keep interest rates low for " three , four , or five years " , which is why Pimco is jumping into mortgage-backed securities in a big way , the bond giant 's founder and co-chief investment officer , Bill Gross , told CNBC Europe Friday .
" If the EU economies and the euro basically go down , the dollar goes up " , he said .
" It 's hard to see the Fed raising rates and thus reinforcing a higher and higher dollar making U.S. industries less and less competitive " .
In addition , " next year the expectation is that if there is a QE-3 , it will be mortgage-directed ,
and it would pay holders to load up on mortgages before the Fed does " , said Gross , whose Pimco Total Return Fund is the world 's largest bond fund .
Last week , Pimco said mortgage-backed securities now account for about 43 percent of the holdings of the Pimco Total Return Fund , as of the end of November .
Such securities were at the heart of the 2008 financial crisis , when a wave of mortgage defaults sent their value plunging and caused billions of dollars of losses for investors and many financial institutions .
Since then , investors have shunned the securities , which has caused a severe credit crunch and delayed a recovery in the housing market .
The Fed has been forced to step in to buy up billions of dollars of mortgage-backed securities to help unfreeze that market .
Gross believes other central banks , including the the European Central Bank and the Bank of England , will be keeping interest rates low for another three to four years .
He downplayed a recent Morningstar report that the Total Return Fund has seen a big increase in redemptions , with $ 500million in fund outflows in November , bringing the total cash outflow to $ 17billion for the past 12 months .
" Gross 's fund has underperformed this year and a lot of it goes back to his misplaced bet on Treasuries " , Morningstar editorial director Kevin McDevitt said .
But Gross disputed Morningstar 's numbers .
" Morningstar has their way of calculating " , he said .
The fund has been at " $ 244 or $ 245 billion for the last six months " , he added .
" How they calculate their outflows I 'm not quite sure ,
but the fund itself is very stable
and we could certainly provide those numbers if anybody would care to look at them " .
In fact , Morningstar crunched the numbers again and put out a revision on Friday , saying the outflows from Pimco 's Total Return Fund was actually $ 10.3billion , not $ 17billion as earlier reported .
He again noted his August " mistake " on betting heavily against the price of U.S. government debt .
" Three or four months ago we said , ' Point well taken " ' , he said .
" It is important to recognize in the last three months we shifted that position " and bought more Treasurys .
" Yes , a mistake was made in the first part of year .
In the second part of the year , ' Doing very well , thank you .
' " On the European debt crisis , Gross said he doesn't see the European Central Bank becoming the " lender of last resort " to struggling European nations anytime soon .
" We 've waited for the ECB for a long time " , he said ,
and it has made it clear it is " a central banker for banks , not a central bankers for countries " .
The ECB wants the countries to solve their problems through the European Union , he added .
" They 've been totally out of the marketplace " , he said ,
although if there is an additional crisis  such as in Italy and Spain , which he considers vulnerable to insolvency then " perhaps " the central bank might step in to buy sovereign debt .
" There were hopes three months ago that by this time all fiscal and monetary arrangements [ in Europe ] would be wrapped up " , Gross said .
" Now we see from the fiscal side at least that the ' grand plan ' will take at least three to six months to resolve in terms of votes ,
and perhaps there 'll be another ' grand plan .
' " Things are better from the monetary side , he said ,
because the ECB has done " substantial help " in terms of providing liquidity ,
such as when in November it joined with the Fed , the Bank of England and several other central banks to make it easier for banks to get dollars if they need them .
" European banks are certainly in a better position in terms of liquidity but from the standpoint of sovereign solvency , I think we 're sort of in middle ground still " . 
Reuters contributed to this report .
Neural Network Relationships Differ in PTSD Patients
sometimes it 's roaring down the neural highway .
Shifting from one mode to the other may differentiate people with PTSD from their healthy peers .
The most familiar analogy to the brain is usually the computer , but that 's so 20th century now .
In fact , the brain may work more like that 21st-century technology , the hybrid car .
The hybrid has two engines under that sleek hood , one running on gasoline when the car needs power and the other on electricity when moving slowly or cruising or idling .
The two " engines " in the brain are actually groups of brain regions .
One group constitutes the central executive network and handles the heavy lifting during cognitive tasks , when neural activity increases in the " task-positive " regions , the frontal motor areas , dorsolateral prefrontal cortex , and dorsal anterior cingulate gyrus .
Neural activity decreases , however , during cognitive tasks in other , " task negative " regions that define the default-mode network .
" The default-mode network is active when the person is not focused on the external environment " , said Ruth Lanius , M. D. , Ph . D , . at the Anxiety Disorders Association of America's annual conference in Baltimore in March .
" It operates when individuals are engaged in internally focused tasks , like autobiographical memory retrieval , envisioning the future , and conceiving the perspectives of others " .
It may serve to consolidate and stabilize memories for later processing .
Next Section Network Operations Reflect PTSD The two networks and the relationship between them may also have something to do with posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD , ) said Lanius , an associate professor in the Department of Psychiatry at Canada's University of Western Ontario .
For one thing , the default network and PTSD both seem associated with the same areas of the brain such as the medial prefrontal cortex , anterior cingulate , and posterior cingulate cortex .
Lanius's brain-imaging studies of 12 accident victims found that connectivity involving some of these areas was associated with current PTSD symptoms or predicted such symptoms at 12 weeks after the accident .
A second relationship between the executive and default networks may be reflected in how the brain switches from one to the other , she said .
In working-memory tasks , healthy control subjects show more activity in the central executive network compared with those with PTSD .
The PTSD group may have more difficulty engaging the executive network , and so moving out of the default-mode network and into cognitive tasks becomes more difficult .
The subjects with PTSD in Lanius 's study showed stronger connectivity between the prefrontal cingulate cortex and the right superior frontal gyrus and between the medial prefrontal cortex and the left parahippocampal gyrus , areas previously implicated in the default-mode network .
The different connectivity patterns and neural networks used by the controls , compared with the PTSD subjects , suggest group differences in orientation during a working-memory task and difficulties switching between the two networks , she concluded .
Previous Section Responses to Danger Cues Differ In another talk , National Institute of Mental Health researcher Shmuel Lissek , Ph.D , . reported on research relating fear conditioning to PTSD .
He uses psychological tests to reveal the subjects ' responses to conditioned danger cues and conditioned safety cues arrayed on a gradient .
The safety cue was a small circle .
The danger cue was a large circle accompanied by a " highly uncomfortable but not painful " electric shock to the wrist .
The subjects saw a circle large , small , or in betweenon a computer screen .
In healthy controls , the response to the danger cue was greater than that to the safety cue .
The PTSD patients , however , showed elevated responses even as the circles declined in size toward the safety end of the continuum .
" The controls had a higher discrimination between safety and danger , while the PTSD patients had poorer discrimination " , said Lissek .
" They overrespond to safety cues that resemble danger cues " .
Also , the control subjects responded with more hesitation to intermediate cues , indicating greater uncertainty in discriminating threat from danger .
The subjects with PTSD had much faster reaction times to those intermediate cues , implying that overgeneralization may be a marker for PTSD .
Lissek said that these results should be considered preliminary since he is still gathering data ,
but that they do indicate new paths for research .
Table Lamp Powered Completely by Tomatoes !
by Kristi Bernick , 04/15/10
We all know tomatoes pack a powerful acidic punch ,
but we never thought we 'd see one lighting up a room !
Cygalle Shapiro of Israel-based d-VISION has created an incredible LED lamp that is completely powered by real , edible tomatoes .
Currently exhibited at the Milan Furniture Fair , the design collects energy from a chemical reaction between tomato acids , zinc , and copper .
This design does n't only explore advances in lighting technology 
it 's also an art piece that sends clear and powerful social-conscience messages about where and how we receive energy .
d-VISION 's tomato lamp calls attention to the amount of natural resources needed to produce even the smallest amount of power for everyday living .
Although the tomato lamp utilizes an organic energy source , it still takes a considerately large amount of tomatoes just to power one lamp .
The lamp holds power until the tomatoes go stale , signaling a beginning and end to energy sources .
The designer highlights value by creating the tomato- powered circuits and lamp completely out of gold .
d-VISION is an Israeli internship program for product development and industrial design .
The program 's goal is to foster the next-generation of outstanding industrial designers and to strengthen the competitive edge of the Israeli industry .
The program plans to set new standards of excellence for product development and design .
The Tomato-Light is currently on exhibition at the Salone Satelite ON/OFF exhibition in Milan . +
The tree species known only as Pennantia baylisiana could be the rarest plant on Earth .
In fact , the Guinness Book of World Records once called it that .
Just a single tree exists in the wild , on one of the Three Kings Islands off the coast of New Zealand , where it has sat , alone , since 1945 .
It did n't used to be so solitary ,
but humans introduced goats to the island , which ate every other member of its species .
Over the last few decades , scientists have tried to create more P . baylisiana trees , but aside from getting cuttings to grow , simple biology got in the way :
The tree was thought to be female ,
and it appeared to need a male to properly generate fruit and seeds .
While preparing a recovery plan for the species in the early 1990s , Peter de Lange , a scientist with the New Zealand Department of Conservation ( DoC , ) found several intriguing pieces of information .
First , gardeners on the New Zealand mainland had several P . baylisiana seedlings ( all cloned from cuttings of the original plant , ) which proved to be pure examples of the species , not hybrids of other Pennantia species as had originally been thought .
Second , one of the seedlings had actually produced fruit following manual pollination .
This led de Lange to conclude that the wild tree might not truly be female after all .
Additionally , similar research published around the same time suggested that the tree was female but appeared to also bear a low level of male-like qualities that would allow it to pollinate itself .
Since then , hundreds of P. baylisiana seedlings have been sold by mainland nurseries ,
but scientists delayed taking trees or seeds back to Three Kings Islands for fear of introducing diseases or fungal pathogens that could harm the healthy wild tree .
But this year , de Lange and his team have returned to Three Kings Islands with the intention of planting 1,600 P. baylisiana seeds .
The seeds , says de Lange , have been carefully prepared to eliminate any possibility of disease .
" We removed the flesh , air-dried the seeds and then washed them in 10 percent hypochlorite and then 70 percent ethanol in a lamina flow hood .
We found the seeds germinated fine with this treatment , and preliminary screening showed no evidence of virus or other diseases " .
And so P. baylisiana seeds are returning to their native land ,
and it is hoped that new trees will soon follow .
The seeds are expected to take six to 10 years to grow large enough to themselves start flowering .
The project will continue until they have 500 viable adult trees .
De Lange says this stage is exciting , but there is still risk .
" Of course this action does not address the fact that all seedlings are derived from one tree " , he says ,
so the species is severely bottlenecked " , meaning it lacks the genetic diversity that could protect it in the long run from diseases and other factors .
" But we have the knowledge that the species is a polyploid [ has extra chromosomes , ] so hopefully it has plenty of resilience " .
Meanwhile , de Lange reports that his colleagues have not been idle on the island .
Janeen Collings , a botanist with the DoC , has planted several cuttings near the original tree , several of which have grown and , with her help , produced fruit .
" While birds probably took most mature fruit , some she managed to get and sow in the field " , de Lange says .
Although the seedlings grew , they unfortunately died within a year .
" Although this sounds unpromising , when you consider the islands are virtually inaccessible and it's expensive to get there , and to do this type of work you need to visit three to four times a year , her work is spectacular to say the least " , de Lange says .
Photo :
The last wild Pennantia baylisiana tree .
Photo by Tony Silbery . Used with permission .
6 Steps to Help Couples Overcome Relationship Stumbles
It 's easy for couples to fall in love . Staying in love is the tough part , according to clinical psychologist and marriage counselor Randi Gunther , Ph.D.
In her new book When Love Stumbles : How to Rediscover Love , Trust &amp; Fulfillment in Your Relationship , Gunther shares a six-step healing plan to help couples overcome eight of the most common " stumbles " or problematic patterns in their relationships .
She devotes a chapter to how couples can surmount each stumbling block .
Inside , we cover the eight common relationship stumbles most couples grapple with , as well as the six steps to help overcome them .
Briefly , here are the eight relationship stumbles :
From fulfillment to disillusionment :
" You do n't seem to care the way you used to " .
From excitement to boredom :
" What happened to our spark " ?
From constructive challenges to destructive conflicts :
" Why does every disagreement become an argument " ?
From sacrificing for your partner to self-preservation :
" I can 't always put you first anymore " .
From being a team to operating solo :
" We used to do everything together .
Now I handle most of my challenges without you " .
From feeling unconditionally loved to being on trial :
" Before , you loved me without question .
Now I have to fight to prove my worth " .
From focusing on the relationship to pursuing outside interests :
" I know I 'm gone a lot ,
but I need more stimulation " .
From common goals to different dreams :
" We just don't want the same things anymore " .
Her process can help couples start having important conversations about overcoming these stumbling blocks in their relationships .
Gunther suggests exploring these ideas first on your own and then talking it over with your partner .
The key is to be honest and listen closely and openly to your partner .
Don't judge yourself or them .
Also , if during the conversation , one partner gets too emotional , take a break .
1 . " Go back to the beginning of your relationship " .
Remember the moments when you first fell in love , and share these memories with your partner .
2 . " Evaluate your current relationship " .
Talk to each other honestly about your feelings about the state of your relationship .
Gunther suggests discussing both the negative and the positive .
She also lists many questions to help you better understand your own feelings and communicate with your partner .
Some of these include :
" When I act in a negative or hurtful manner toward you , what am I truly feeling that I am not sharing " ?
" What are the positive things I still feel about you " ?
" In what ways have I changed that have turned you away " ?
" What do I most resent about our relationship " ?
" What do I most miss about the relationship we used to have " ?
" What do I still look forward to or enjoy doing with you " ?
" What do you do or say that hurts me the most " ?
" How hopeful am I that we can change " ?
3 .
" When did you begin to drift " ?
Usually , relationship problems start off slow and then build momentum because they go unresolved .
Gunther writes :
" In this step , you 'll learn how recalling those smaller disconnects that went unattended will help you heal and prevent new stumbles from forming " .
Several questions to consider :
" Do you remember a time or event that made you feel as if you and your partner were drifting apart " ?
" What stopped you from resolving what was going on at the time " ?
4 .
" What prevented your recovery at the time this stumble occurred " ?
Gunther says that it 's very likely that whatever prevented you from resolving your past problems is currently playing a role .
" Paying attention to what made you ignore them before may help you identify them now " , she writes .
Here are some examples Gunther gives in the book :
" I was afraid to be vulnerable with you because I expected you to hurt me again " .
" I did n't want you to get angrier , so I just accepted what was going on and hoped it would get better " .
" I thought talking about it would just make it worse " .
5 .
" What do you need from each other to reawaken your love " ?
Talk to each other about what each of you needs .
Some examples of what other couples have shared :
" I want you to forgive me for the things I 've said and done that have hurt you " .
" I want you to encourage me in the places I am frightened ,
and respect my choices when I need to find my own way " .
" I want us to respect our differences and strive to include them in our lives " .
6 .
" What will you do differently to safeguard your relationship if it stumbles in the future " ?
Gunther suggests couples make " relationship vows based upon your new knowledge of each other 's wants , vulnerabilities and capabilities " .
Some examples of promises Gunther 's clients have made :
" If one of us feels dissatisfied with the relationship , we 'll tell each other what we need to make it better ,
and together we will make a plan for change " .
" We 'll make certain that we save prime-time energy for each other no matter what else is going on in our lives " .
Quote of the Day Nothing happens unless first we dream .
Carl Sandburg Art Quote of the Day Contrast is what makes photography interesting .
Conrad Hall Funny Quote of the Day I would go out with women my age , but there are no women my age .
George Burns Love Quote of the Day Lovers have a right to betray you .. friends don't .
Judy Holliday Nature Quote of the Day The flower is the poetry of reproduction . It is an example of the eternal seductiveness of life .
Jean Giraudoux Add the Quote of the Day to your site or blog !
Frdric Chopin Never forgotten Feb 4th 2010 |
From The Economist print edition Chopin : Prince of the Romantics . By Adam Zamoyski .
Harper ; 356 pages ;  12.99 .
TWO centuries ago an elfin musical prodigy , Frdric Chopin , was born in a village near Warsaw .
At 11 , he dazzled the Russian tsar , Alexander I , with his own piano music .
His poetic performances continued to enthrall ;
at 22 , he was at the pinnacle of Parisian society .
By the time he died at 39 he had written music of sublime beauty that " revolutionised the art form and opened the way for all modern music , " thought Camille Saint-Sans .
Like Johann Sebastian Bach and Claude Debussy , he never wrote a bad piece ,
and today Chopin's music is more widely loved .
" Time " , Chopin wrote , " is the best censor " .
Adam Zamoyski 's significantly updated biography of Chopin ( to coincide with the bicentenary of his birth on February 22nd ) is a scholarly yet highly readable account of the Polish composer 's life .
But it is no hagiography .
The author 's insights into the mind and milieu of Chopin reveal an unstable , shy and sickly individual , whose unfailing politeness , modesty and effervescent humour were as common as his petulance and bossiness .
Chopin 's aura drew a loyal bunch of friends .
But his private life was a depressing saga of unrequited passions , as much a source of gossip in Orleanist Paris as it is of curiosity today .
He was " prepared to give everything but never gave himself " , noted his friend and admirer , Franz Liszt .
" When it comes to feelings , I'm always in syncopation with others " , Chopin lamented .
The only exception was a volatile affair with George Sand , a domineering , chain-smoking French novelist five years his senior , which began hesitantly in 1838 .
She became captivated by this angelic " little creature . "
They lived together with her two children , travelled to Spain and blissfully whiled away their time at Sand 's ancestral property at Nohant .
The affair unravelled acrimoniously in 1847 .
How long their relationship was physical is contested ;
Chopin struggled with intimacy .
His passionate letters to male friends from his youth , suggests a latent homosexuality .
Chopin 's decrepit health reinforced his emotional trauma .
His life was routinely punctured by bouts of infection , tuberculosis , severe anxiety , toothache and influenza .
It is even possible he had undiagnosed cystic fibrosis .
Such frailty at least provided more time for composition ;
he avoided the strenuous concert hall whenever he could .
Chopin was at the vanguard of Romantic music , but his own musical tastes were conservative .
While Felix Mendelssohn and Liszt were lionised , Chopin preferred Bach and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
He refused to imbue his music with a patriotic mission or himself with any grand purpose , preferring art for art's sake .
He was also uncomfortable with the muscular nationalism other musicians were embracing .
Once settled in Paris from 1831 he never returned to his native Poland .
Sand thought him backwards and bigoted in everything but music .
Chopin fled Paris in 1848 to escape the revolution , and toured England and Scotland .
The stress of travel enervated him completely , and his creative spirit shrivelled .
" Why does God not kill me straight away " ? he wrote plaintively .
On his return to Paris he began coughing up blood .
He died , lonely and sad , emitting " horrifying sobs , " in October 1849 ;
yet his lavish funeral in Paris drew thousands of mourners .
Be Aware of Your Breath
Until you start doing yoga , you may never pay much attention to your breath .
But with the coaching of yoga teachers
or perhaps just because of your new awareness of your body
you start to see all the ways your breath can vary .
Is it quiet or noisy , heavy or soft ?
Where does it originate and how does it move through you ?
Is it relaxing , energizing , or making you tense ?
Helping or hindering your asana practice ?
Yoga teaches that the breath exerts a powerful influence on the body and mind and vice versa .
When you 're tense or guarded , for example , you may first hold the breath and then take fast , shallow breaths .
Relaxed breathing is slower and softer and has a steady , even pattern .
This deep , slow , relaxed breathing , used in Savasana ( Corpse Pose ) and other restorative poses , is most commonly associated with yoga .
But to supply oxygen to the hardworking muscles in an active series of poses like Sun Salutations , we need a breathing pattern that is faster but nonetheless deep .
And most subtle of all is the finely controlled deep breathing of pranayama .
For best results , all three patterns require openness of the breathing space ( the rib cage and abdomen ) and fine coordination of several muscle groups .
POET HERO :
ROBERT PENN WARREN Mr . Warren was both a friend and teacher to one of America's most prolific television writer producers , David Milch .
In his book about his television series NYPD BLUE entitled , TRUE BLUE , David referred to his mentor , Robert Penn Warren :
" I hadn't been in any of Mr . Warren 's classes or even met him , but I'd read all of his novels and some of his poetry .
One day I approached him as he walked toward his office .
I introduced myself and said I was trying to learn to write ..
He said he'd be happy to teach me . "
Robert Penn Warren , one of twentieth century America's most distinguished men of letters , was born in Guthrie , Kentucky , in 1905 , and died in Stratton , Vermont , in 1989 .
The recognition of his achievement was extensive :
A member of the National Academy of Arts and Sciences , he was the recipient of three Pulitzer Prizes , and nearly all the other major American literary awards .
In 1980 he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
He was the first poet laureate of the United States .
LULLABY :
SMILE IN SLEEP Sleep , my son , and smile in sleep .
You will dream the world anew .
Watching you now sleep , I feel the world's depleted force renew , Feel the nerve expand and knit , Feel a rustle in the blood , Feel wink of warmth and stir of spirit , As though spring woke in the heart's cold Underwood . The vernal work is now begun .
Sleep , my son .
Sleep , son .
You will see the nestling fall .
Blood flecks grass of the rabbit form .
You will , of course , see all The world 's brute ox-heel wrong , and shrewd hand-harm .
Throats are soft to invite the blade .
Truth invites the journalist 's lie .
Love bestowed mourns trust betrayed , But the heart most mourns its own infidelity .
The greater , then , your obligation .
Dream perfection .
Dream , son .
When the diver leaves the board To hang at gleam-height against the sky , Trajectory is toward An image hung perfect as light in his mind's wide eye .
So your dream will later serve you .
So now , dreaming , you serve me , And give our hope new patent to Enfranchise human possibility .
Grace undreamed is grace forgone .
Dream grace , son .
Sleep on .
Dream that sleep is a sunlit meadow Drowsy with a dream of bees Threading sun , and a shadow Where you may lie lulled by their sunlit industries .
Let the murmurous bees of sleep Tread down honey in the honeycomb .
Heart-deep now , your dream will keep Sweet in that deep comb for time to come .
Dream the sweetness coming on .
Dream , sweet son .
Sleep on .
What if angry vectors veer Around your sleeping head , and form ?
There's never need to fear Violence of the poor world's abstract storm .
For now you dream Reality .
Matter groans to touch your hand .
Matter lifts now like the sea Toward that strong moon that is your dream 's command .
Dream the power coming on .
Dream , strong son .
Sleep on .
Shorebird ( Picture 1 ) American Avocets Photograph by Brian Wolitski ,
My Shot American avocet pair , nest building in the low light of late evening ( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 2 ) Black Oystercatchers Photograph by Andreas Salomon ,
My Shot Adult black oystercatcher ( bottom ) with juvenile black oystercatcher ( top ) on the search for food at Morro Bay , California
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 3 ) American Avocet Photograph by Ernest Ross ,
My Shot Shake those tail feathers
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picrture 4 ) Brown Shore Bird Photograph by Karl Daniels , My Shot Bird's eye
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 5 ) Jacana Photograph by Debbie Christophers ,
My Shot Taken in Kruger National Park .
Perfect composition .
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 6 ) Sandpiper Photograph by Roy Rea ,
My Shot This yellow-legged sandpiper negotiated several dead spruce trees in an attempt to alight atop this one in a black spruce bog near Bednesti , British Columbia .
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 7 ) Semipalmated Sandpiper Photograph by James Galletto ,
My Shot Semipalmated sandpiper taking bath
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 8 ) Snowy Plover Chick Photograph by Lil Judd ,
My Shot This is a snowy plover chick .
How small this little bird is is almost impossible to explain .
But let's put it like this :
When I saw them for the first time , all I could think of was that I was looking for something the size of two cotton balls with toothpicks for legs .
They are that tiny .
Add to this , they are so well camouflaged against the sand and they move in spurts very fast .
It 's uring one of these sprints that I actually managed to catch them with my eyes ,
and then all one can do is try to not lose them with one's eyes .
They are just the cutest little beings around .
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 9 ) Crowned Lapwings Photograph by Gautam Balaram ,
My Shot Dancing crowned lapwings
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 10 ) Semipalmated Plover Photograph by Hideta Nagai ,
My Shot The tug-of-war drama between bird and worm is a sight often seen in various places and times .
The struggle can occasionally be evenly matched and lasts several seconds if the worm has a sufficient grip on the earth .
This worm lost its battle to the semipalmated plover in a sudden release of energy .
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 11 ) Sandpipers Photograph by Hideta Nagai ,
My Shot A bevy of sandpipers probes for food along a secluded strand of beach on California's Central Coast in Morro Bay State Park .
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
( Picture 12 ) Black-Necked Stilt Photograph by Alef Castellanos ,
My Shot This beautiful stilt walked as gracefully as a top model in this almost perfect reflection .
This was shot at a salt extraction pond , and the shallow water and saline content gives it this beautiful blue color .
Salinas de Puerto Hermoso , Dominican Republic .
( This photo and caption were submitted to My Shot ) .
Getting ready for Windows Live Wave 4
Over the last few months , we 've focused this blog on our current software and services 
how we build them and how they 're used around the world .
We 've also talked about trends we 've observed both in the use of our services and in our research with customers .
Today marks the point where we shift the focus of our blog from our current services to our next major release  known internally as " Wave 4 " .
For several months now , we 've had several thousand people running regular builds of this code inside Microsoft ,
and we 'll shortly begin expanding this testing to some folks outside Microsoft for additional feedback .
We will then roll out updates to our web services , followed by betas of our software for Windows PCs , Macs , and phones .
Our approach is to release betas to the public once we think the build is in pretty good shape , learn through beta usage data and beta user feedback , and make additional refinements that eventually become the final release .
Of course , we 'll continue to update the service as we see how you use it every day and hear from you about what's working and what needs improvement .
As promised , in this blog we want to talk more about our thinking and focus as we 've designed this next wave of Windows Live .
While there 's a ton of great stuff to come , you 're going to hear us really focus on three key areas  Messenger , Hotmail , and Windows Live Essentials 
especially how the Essentials suite completes your Windows PC experience and connects your PC to the services you use every day .
Messenger staying in touch with the people who matter most In the not-so-distant past , your friends were mostly on one IM network , mostly on a PC ,
and it was easy to keep track of what they were doing .
Today 's instant messaging is still mostly about people who are online on a PC having a conversation with each other .
In Messenger , these conversations occur between more than 320million users who exchange more than 10billion daily messages with their real friends .
But in the last several years , conversations have shifted beyond IM sessions , to activity on social networks , sharing in email , and SMS messages .
People have hundreds of " friends " across numerous social networks and sharing sites ,
but most people still spend most of their time communicating with a core group of people .
To stay up to date with these " real friends " you have to go from site to site and wade through long lists of posts .
And really , most people do n't need another social network  the one they have is just fine .
Messenger will always be great for IM , and we 'll do more to make those conversations even richer .
But Messenger is evolving into a companion for your social networks , so you can stay in touch more easily with your closest friends across the many services you and they use .
As we broaden Messenger's reach , we remain committed to ensuring that you're in control of your privacy .
From simple defaults that keep your private life private , to powerful controls customizing how you share .
Hotmail the most efficient email service for busy people Much like instant messaging , email has changed over the last several years .
In the " old days " of email , you would only get mail from a real person , someone who knew your email address ,
and email was mostly text .
Email today is a lot more than plain text  it is the way we get things done .
It 's where we conduct business , keep up with social networking updates , and share photos , documents and links with friends and co-workers .
Similarly , your " contact list " is n't just people you send email to anymore 
it is a long list of people you communicate with in the social networks you use every day .
In past blog posts , we 've talked a lot about how consumers are increasingly busy ,
and how Hotmail builds tools to save time for over 350M active users .
We 'll focus our improvements in Hotmail on helping all those busy people get more done in email , in the most efficient way possible .
This means helping you quickly see the mail that matters most , and letting you easily sweep away mail that you don't want .
We 'll also make it simpler and easier to share through email , whether you 're sharing and editing Office documents with co-workers , or sharing vacation photos with friends and family .
Windows Live Essentials  completing the Windows experience on your PC PCs running Windows continue to be the most popular way to connect to the internet .
And , just as email and instant messaging have changed , the way people use their PCs has changed too .
These days , folks use their PCs to communicate on social networks , send email , browse the web , and share photos and videos with their friends .
Most people have a mobile phone , and many have an additional PC .
And most people already have at least one social network ( often more , ) a photo sharing service , and an email address .
Wave 4 of Windows Live Essentials includes the best tools to organize photos , make movies , and keep in touch with your closest friends ,
all designed for the power of the Windows 7 PC .
We 'll focus on connecting your PC to your social networks , your photo sharing services , your phone , and your other PCs 
and help you keep things in sync across all the devices you use .
Any time , any device , securely and safely We 've designed Messenger , Hotmail , and Essentials to work across the devices you use every day  the PC , the phone , and the browser .
We 'll continue to focus deeply on security and privacy ,
so you get notified about suspicious or unusual activity , you get extra security on your PC ,
and you stay in control of how your data is shared with others .
In our upcoming posts we 'll go into depth on Messenger , Hotmail , and Essentials  and provide more information about the new features we 've built and why we 've built them .
We 're excited about what 's coming next and we hope you enjoy the release as much as we 've enjoyed building it . Stay tuned . -
Chris Chris Jones is Corporate Vice President of Windows Live .
A new study has identified a specific food odor that makes dieting fruit flies die young .
The results suggest that certain odors or drugs that block us from sensing them might one day help prevent disease and extend lives .
For more than a decade , scientists have known that a low-calorie diet lengthens the lives of many organisms , including yeast , fruit flies , monkeys , and perhaps humans .
But the connection may have as much to do with smelling as it does with eating .
In 2004 , for example, molecular geneticist Cynthia Kenyon of the University of California , San Francisco , discovered that removing certain olfactory neurons not only blocks round worms ' sense of smell but also prolongs their lives .
And a few years later , geneticist Scott Pletcher of the University of Michigan Medical School , biologist Gregg Roman of Baylor College of Medicine , and their colleagues shortened the life span of fruit flies by wafting the smell of live yeasta tasty treattoward them while they were on adiet .
Pletcher and colleagues suspected that a specific odor was at work ,
but they did n't know which one .
In the meantime , other scientists had identified a receptor in a group of neurons that enable fruit flies to smell carbon dioxide , which signals the presence of a good meal of tasty yeast .
To see if carbon dioxide was the key to cutting short the dieting flies ' lives , Pletcher and Roman obtained mutant flies that lacked the CO2 receptor .
They found that the mutant flies lived up to 30% longer than normal flies even on a standard diet .
They then induced carbon dioxide- sensing neurons to self-destruct , with similar life-extending results .
Finally , when the researchers restored the gene for the CO2 receptor back into mutant lines of flies , the flies lived no longer than their normal cousins .
The mutant flies that could n't smell carbondioxide not only lived long lives but also remained strong and resilient by several measures .
For example , they stored more fat , a physiological state that helps flies resist stress ,
and the females produced at least as many offspring as normal flies , the researchers report online today in PLoS Biology .
Blocking the perception of CO2 may trick the animals into thinking there's no food around , which would slow down their metabolism and conserve their nutritional supplies , just as hungry animals do , the authors write .
" It 's a very exciting result " , says evolutionary biologist Tadeusz Kawecki of the University of Lausanne in Switzerland .
If physiology and metabolism can be altered by particular odors , then drugs that block particular odors could also alter physiology and metabolism in people , which could help prevent disease or extend lives , he adds .
" At this stage , it seems far-fetched , but it clearly works for flies " .
Top 10 Mobile Trends of 2010
As a reminder , in Part 1 we covered design and development issues and in Part 2 we looked at trending mobile apps such as geo-location and AR .
the 10 leading trends of the Mobile Web in a 3-part series of posts . In this the final instalment , we look at three markets for mobile which promise to be hugely valuable : commerce , cloud computing and health .
Commerce As more and more consumers use smart phones , how can businesses utilize this chance ?
nearly one quarter of the mobile web , according to a recent report from mobile search engine Taptu , is made up of shopping and services .
Morgan Stanley analyst Mary Meeker claimed that mobile will revolutionize e-commerce .
She cited location-based services , push notifications , transparent pricing , and instant mobile delivery as four potential areas where this will occur .
Mobile advertising is also a growing segment .
In November , Google acquired AdMob .
In January Apple acquired Quattro , a relatively unknown mobile advertising network .
Later in January , Opera bought AdMarvel .
In April , Apple announced an advertising platform called iAd .
Cloud Computing According to a recent study from Juniper Research , the market for cloud-based mobile applications will grow 88% from 2009 to 2014 .
The market was just over $ 400million this past year , says Juniper ,
but by 2014 it will reach $ 9.5billion .
Explained ReadWriteWeb's Sarah Perez in February , " there are already a few well-known mobile cloud apps out there including Google 's Gmail and Google Voice for iPhone .
these apps perform just like any other app on the iPhone , but all of their processing power comes from the cloud " .
Health Mobile health applications will play a large and important role in shaping the future of the health care system .
mobile and wireless health applications " directly impact the individual 's health and have the promise of ensuring that when a patient leaves a doctor visit , they don't become " lost " in the system .
It allows consumers to be engaged with health and wellness in their daily lives and connect back to their health care provider " .
It 's not just from within the health system where mobile services will change health care ,
it 's also in the applications that consumers are downloading to their smart phones .
For example , an iPhone app called Diamedic allows diabetics to record their blood sugar levels and insulin doses .
4 Simple Principles of Getting to Completion Simplify to get it done .
" If your mind is n't clouded by unnecessary things , then this is the best season of your life " .
Wu-Men Post written by Leo Babauta .
When I hear about a great idea that a friend has , I get excited .
I can't wait to see that idea become reality .
Then I ask about the idea a few months later ,
and it often is not one bit closer to completion .
Ideas stop short of becoming reality ,
and projects seem to drag on endlessly , because of one thing : complexity .
A software programmer can allow the development of a new app he 's building to drag on and on for years ( I know of cases where this happened , ) only to find Google release something that makes his app obsolete .
The problem : the program grew and grew in complexity and features , but never shipped .
A web developer can work on a rad new website with killer features ,
but after months of work the website never launches .
Problem : too complex , and too much of a perfectionist .
A writer can work on a novel , working in characters and plotlines , and then work on revision after revision , only to abandon it .
The complexity of a book can become overwhelming .
If your project has been dragging on , or you 're having problems completing , try simplifying , and stop trying for perfection .
I 've launched a number of projects over the last few years , and learned a thing or two about making ideas take life , and getting to done .
Here are some of those key principles :
1 .
Keep the scope as simple as possible .
You don't need to do everything with this project .
In fact , if you can just do one thing , that 's perfect .
As small a thing as possible .
Don't redesign an entire city  just work on one building .
If the project starts to get complex or seem overwhelming , narrow the scope .
Do less .
It 'll help you get things done .
2 . Practice ' Good Enough ' .
Perfectionism is the enemy of completion .
Nitpick and worry about getting it " just right , "
and you 'll never get it done .
Done is better than right .
So if you start to nitpick and worry about perfect , say " screw it " and then just try for " good enough . "
You can always make it better in the next version .
3 . Kill extra features .
Similar to simplifying the scope , you 'll want to try to make your creation do as little as possible .
Want it to talk and walk and cook breakfast ?
Just try for talking .
Want your website to publish great content and have social networking and podcasts and news and a newsletter and a membership area ?
Just shoot for great content .
Whenever you find yourself adding new features , see if they can't be killed .
4 . Make it public , quick .
Your goal should be to get your project in some working form out to your customers/ readers/ public as soon as possible .
In as few steps , as quickly , as easily , as simply as possible .
Remember :
don't worry about perfect ,
and don't let this first public release be wide in scope or full of features .
Release it with as few features as possible .
Releasing it publicly will 1 ) get you to done faster
and 2 ) put some pressure on you to make it better , quickly .
Novel Technologies Improve Detection and Control
Infrared thermography ( IRT ) cameras can see what human eyes can't :
heat .
That 's why scientists at the ARS Plum Island Animal Disease Center ( PIADC ) at Orient Point , New York , are using the technology to identify cattle that may have been infected with foot-and-mouth disease ( FMD . )
" This IRT technology has been used for years and has applications for a variety of fields , from astronomy to law enforcement to the military " , says PIADC research leader Luis Rodriguez .
" This is the first scientific report of IRT as a tool for early detection of FMD-infected animals " .
The United States hasn't had an outbreak of FMD since 1929 ,
but there's no way to guarantee that this very contagious disease is gone forever
as the United Kingdom learned in 2001 , when an outbreak of FMD ended a 34-year disease-free streak .
The disease spreads rapidly and wreaks havoc on trade and transportation ,
so being prepared for an outbreak is a priority for the U.S. government .
An essential component of containment and eradication is the ability to quickly assess the scope of an outbreak .
" It 's a huge endeavor to examine the animals one by one .
Even on a small farm it 's a big task " , says Rodriguez .
He and his colleagues evaluated a new method for rapidly and accurately detecting animals at risk of infection .
Their method , which uses IRT cameras to quickly identify potentially infected animals , is not intended to be a diagnostic test .
Rather , it enables scientists to concentrate their resources by quickly isolating animals that require further testing with a disease-specific method .
IRT cameras can identify at-risk cattle 48 hours before they begin to show any clinical symptoms .
In the event of an outbreak , this technology could facilitate rapid containment of the disease .
Spotting Hot Hooves How does it work ?
Objects of all temperatures above absolute zero ( about 460F ) emit infrared radiation .
The hotter the object , the higher the emissions ,
and IRT cameras make those emissions visible .
Foot temperatures rise in cattle infected with the FMD virus , resulting in a visible difference in IRT photographs .
This phenomenon was observed by Craig Packer , a wildlife biologist at the University of Minnesota .
While tracking migratory animal populations in Africa for an unrelated study , Packer used an infrared camera to take photographs of wild mammals and observed that some impala had very hot heads and feet .
These animals , he learned , were suspected of carrying FMD .
Curious about the implications , Packer contacted the scientists at PIADC .
They followed up on Packer 's tip and conducted a formal study in PIADC 's secure Biosafety Level 3 facility .
Their results showed that IRT photography could detect elevated hoof temperatures up to 2 days before cattle developed clinical signs .
" By looking at the hottest spot in the hooves , we could identify FMD infected cattle when that temperature was higher than 34.4C " , Rodriguez says .
" It allowed us to predict with up to 88 percent confidence which animals would develop symptoms within 48 hours " .
In an IRT photograph of a group of cattle , the hooves of healthy animals appear blue-green ,
whereas infected cattle have orange-red feet .
This easy visual distinction could allow scientists and veterinarians to identify potentially infected cattle in large groups without examining animals individually .
The technology is cheaper and faster than existing screening methods , which involve individual clinical examinations for every animal .
IRT can be paired with other ARS-developed tools for superior disease-outbreak response .
One such tool is a rapid diagnostic test Plum Island scientists developed in response to a 2002 request from the U.S. Congress .
The PIADC scientists collaborated with the biotechnology company Tetracore to develop the test , which can detect RNA from the FMD virus in less than 2 hours .
It uses technology known as " real-time PCR . "
USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service has adopted the test and uses it in the National Animal Health Laboratory Network .
In the event of an FMD emergency , laboratories throughout the United States could use the test to diagnose samples rapidly .
It can also be used to quickly distinguish between FMD and vesicular stomatitis , an animal disease with similar symptoms that occasionally crops up in the United States .
A Safer , Better Vaccine
Another important FMD development from PIADC is the world 's first effective molecular-based FMD vaccine for cattle , developed by chemist Marvin Grubman and colleagues .
The vaccine can be produced without using infectious FMD materials , which means it can be produced safely , in the United States , without expensive , high-containment facilities .
Another benefit is that animals vaccinated with Grubman's vaccine don't produce all the antibodies that infected animals produce .
Because of this , they can easily be distinguished .
Most existing vaccines cause animals to produce the same antibodies as infected animals , making it difficult to determine whether an animal with antibodies was naturally infected or vaccinated .
ARS in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 's Targeted Advanced Development unit and GenVec , Inc , . a biopharmaceutical company based in Gaithersburg , Maryland is developing this technology for potential commercialization .
Tests have shown that the vaccine becomes effective a mere 7 days after it 's been administered .
Although this is one of the fastest vaccines available , Grubman and his colleagues wanted faster protection .
After all , a lot can happen in 7 days , particularly during an outbreak .
In a recent study , Grubman found that interferons proteins produced by the immune system can offer protection during that first week .
Interferons are so named because they interfere with virus replication .
Grubman and his colleagues introduced type I and type II interferon genes into an adenovirus , which they administered to groups of pigs .
One day later , they infected the swine with FMD virus .
The interferons blocked FMD virus replication , offering the swine protection .
" The interferon gives early protection for 3to5 days while the animals are developing an antibody response to the vaccine " , Grubman says .
" This significantly increases their chances of resisting FMD " .
ARS and GenVec are now collaborating to combine the interferons and the FMD vaccine so they can be administered together .
La Roja bossed the game in large parts ,
opening the scoring midway through the first half thanks to Xabi Alonso as he completed a century of international appearances .
Despite an improved performance in the second half Les Bleus failed to find a breakthrough and received a sucker-punch when Alonso slotted home from the penalty spot in second-half stoppage time .
Following Fernando Torres ' disappointing performance against Croatia , Vicente del Bosque reverted to the striker-less formation which garnered so much criticism after their opening group game with Cesc Fabregas rejoining the forward line .
In an attempt to stifle the typically fluid and creative Spaniards , Laurent Blanc opted to begin with Mathieu Debuchy in front of Anthony Reveillere on the right in order to help protect against Andres Iniesta and Jordi Alba .
Samir Nasri started among the substitutes amid rumours of infighting for a fairly conservative looking French team .
Spain controlled the ball from kick-off , passing it across the field and probing for an opening that proved elusive until the 19th minute .
Blanc will have been furious that when Spain did create an opportunity it came down his side 's supposedly fortified right .
Iniesta threaded a pass to the overlapping Alba and he looked up and picked out Alonso who headed the ball back across goal and into the far corner .
Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema were doing their best to provide a moment 's respite for their side
but for all their endeavour they frequently found themselves running into dead ends and handing the ball straight back to the opposition .
In the 35th minute Les Bleus got their first shot on target from a free-kick after Sergio Ramos felled Benzema .
Yohan Cabaye struck the ball from 35 yards and it looked destined for the top left corner until Iker Casillas palmed it away .
For all their possession La Roja were once again creating very little .
A give-and-go between Iniesta and Fabregas enabled the former to get in behind the defence 
but his effort was blocked by a recovering Laurent Koscielny on his competitive debut for France .
France returned from the break in a far more positive manner and began to commit greater numbers forward when on the ball .
With an hour played Ribery worked some space on the left and clipped a cross into the middle .
Debuchy met it in the centre of the box but his header sailed narrowly over the bar .
With Spain reducing their urgency Blanc sensed the momentum swinging the way of his side and made two attacking substitutions , replacing Debuchy and Florent Malouda with Jeremy Menez and Nasri .
All night France had allowed Alvaro Arbeloa a lot of freedom on the right in an attempt to provide Ribery with more space in behind him on the left flank .
This almost paid dividends in the 71st minute when the Bayern Munich winger charged forwards and drilled a dangerous cross into the six-yard box but Casillas got a hand to it and gathered at the second attempt .
The substitutes failed to have the desired impact on the game ,
however , as the Spanish defence remained tight .
Del Bosque 's side were then awarded a penalty in stoppage-time when Reveillere brought Pedro down in the area .
Alonso stepped up and converted from 12 yards , sending Hugo Lloris the wrong way .
Spain now have three days of rest until they return to Donetsk to face Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal in the semi-final .
France will turn their attentions to the World Cup qualifying campaign where they will face La Roja twice , with the first fixture coming in October .
A GROWING worry in medicine is bugs ' increasing resistance to antibiotics .
At AstraZeneca's research centre near Boston , scientists toil to find new weapons .
Machines screen thousands of drugs each year , robotic arms nimbly handling plates of compounds to test their effect on bacteria .
But progress is slow .
" It is not our hottest area in terms of commercial return " , admits Martin Mackay , AstraZeneca's research and development chief .
Help is on the way .
On May 8th the European Commission and Europe's pharmaceutical association gave details of a plan to boost antibiotics research by up to  590m ($ 760m . )
The same day in America , a congressional committee weighed measures with a similar goal .
The attention is welcome .
Its effect is less clear .
Drug-resistant bacteria cost Europe alone about  1.5billion a year in health costs and lost productivity .
But firms have been slow to create new antibiotics .
First , the science is tricky .
Some bacteria have evolved to pump out the drugs that infiltrate their walls ;
other , " Gram-negative " bugs have an impenetrable outer membrane .
Second , clinical trials are arduous .
Firms struggle to recruit enough patients with rare bacterial infections .
Third , commercial prospects are grim .
Patients take cholesterol drugs for life ,
but they usually take antibiotics for less than two weeks .
It is no wonder that Big Pharma has directed its attention elsewhere .
AstraZeneca and GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) are now the only big drugmakers with substantial antibiotics programmes .
Between 1983 and 1992 American regulators approved 30 new antibiotics .
Since 2003 they have approved just seven .
Governments are keen to change this .
In February Tetraphase , a small company near Boston , won a $ 67m contract from America 's Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) for an antibiotic that might treat both anthrax outbreaks and serious infections in hospitals .
GSK also has a contract with BARDA to test an antibiotic for Gram-negative bacteria .
However , the company recently suspended enrolments to its trial because of complications in some patients .
Seeking new ways to kill these vicious bugs is likely to be one of the main aims of the European Commission 's new partnership .
To boost research in America , Congress needs to renew a deal under which drugmakers pay fees to regulators for reviewing new treatments .
The mammoth bill now before congressmen also includes measures to encourage the search for new antibiotics .
It would extend antibiotics ' patents by five years , and let some treatments for life-threatening diseases be marketed before the final stage of clinical trials , thereby reducing their development costs .
Kevin Outterson of Boston University says the government might provide an even bigger boost by paying more for new antibiotics
but politicians are strongly allergic to spending more on health .
It may be a decade before the European and American proposals produce an effective new antibiotic .
In the meantime , says David Payne , a research chief at GSK , the best sign of progress will be if other firms rejoin the fight against killer bugs .
" As it is written , there is none righteous , no , not one :
There is none that understandeth , there is none that seeketh after God .
They are all gone out of the way , they are together become unprofitable ;
there is none that doeth good , no , not one " ( Romans 3: 10-12 , KJV . )
At the conclusion of one of my messages at a pastor 's conference , a pastor stood to take issue with me concerning a statement that I had made .
I had said that there is a great hunger for God throughout the world ,
and that more people are now hearing the gospel and receiving Christ than at any time since the Great Commission was given almost 2,000 years ago .
" How can you say that " , he objected , " when the Scripture clearly teaches that no man seeketh after God " ?
" That is exactly what the Bible teaches " , I responded ,
" and I agree with the Word of God 100percent ,
but do not forget that - though in his natural inclination man does not have a hunger for God -
the Holy Spirit sends conviction and creates within the human heart a desire for the Savior " .
As Jesus put it , " No one can come to Me unless the Father who sent Me , draws him " ( John 6: 44 , NAS . )
There are three things that we can learn about the human race from this passage .
First , no one is righteous .
Second , no one understands the things of God ;
and third , no one seeks God .
What a contrast between what man is like in his natural state and what man becomes at spiritual birth when he is liberated from the darkness and gloom of Satan's kingdom and ushered into the light of God 's glorious kingdom through Jesus Christ .
That man becomes a new creature .
Old things are passed away and behold all things become new .
What a contrast between the natural and the supernatural .
The natural man must depend upon his own resources , his own wisdom , to find meaning and purpose in his life , inevitably resulting in a life of conflict , discord and frustration .
But the one who trusts in God has the privilege of drawing upon the supernatural resources of God daily : resources of joy , peace , love ;
resources that provide meaning and purpose , assurance of eternal life .
Most people live lives of quiet desperation in self-imposed poverty ,
because those of us who know the truth of the supernatural are strangely silent .
God forgive us .
If the US presidential election of 2008 was the first occasion that social media played a major role in politics ,
then perhaps the ash drama of 2010 will be the most significant so far in travel .
The hyperbole that often accompanies social media may on this occasion be justified , it appears ,
with one senior airline executive who unfortunately did not want to be named saying services such as Twitter played a significant role in relaying information to passengers .
Shortly after the situation started unfolding in the early hours of Thursday 15 April
the crisis management training of many travel companies was given a new dimension as airports across the UK and later the rest of Europe began shutting down and many passengers turned to the web for information .
Most of the major European airlines turned to Twitter to get their message out ,
perhaps not due to having hundreds of thousands of followers 
but because it became apparent very quickly that any official status from an airline was quickly retweeted by countless Twitter users .
The use of social media was not exclusive to Twitter .
Airline fan pages on Facebook , so often used for the lighter side of travel ( sharing photos , travel tips , etc ) were also handed over to the crisis management teams .
As the crisis has moved from one of irritation initially on the part of passengers facing cancelled flights to a larger problem of stranded travellers around the world ,
the use of social media has changed .
Many airlines and airports are interacting directly with customers that have tried and failed to get assistance through call centres .
Meanwhile , running alongside the immediate customer service requirements have been other so-called social media and collaborative websites .
Sites such as RadarVirtuel and FlightRadar , perhaps once the preserve of aircraft enthusiasts and the curious , have given ordinary people an insight into the unfolding drama in a unique way ,
especially as air traffic was slowly cleared from the skies across Europe on Friday 16 , with a real-time view of flight operations across the continent .
There was also the live webcam of the dreaded volcano in Iceland .
There will be those , of course , who suggest that social media itself has fuelled this latest round of self-congratulation and allowing the ability to navel-gaze once again .
But , conversely , there are also countless others that have praised the airlines , airports , authorities and other organisations for simply using what has been another communication channel to reach confused customers .
Noyer Takes Swipe at British Economy
Financial Times
The governor of France's central bank has said Britain is more deserving of losing its top-notch credit rating than France as Paris braces itself for a potential downgrade of the country's triple A status .
Christian Noyer , head of the Bank of France , said a French downgrade would not be justified on economic fundamentals .
On that basis , he said : " They should begin by downgrading the United Kingdom which has bigger deficits , more debt , higher inflation , less growth than us and where credit is shrinking " .
Accusing the agencies of being driven by political factors , Mr Noyer said they had become " incomprehensible and irrational . "
" They launch threats , even though [ eurozone ] states have taken strong and positive decisions ..
a downgrade does not seem to me justified based on economic fundamentals " , he told Le Tlgramme newspaper in Brittany .
Franois Fillon , prime minister , added to rising expectations of a French downgrade , saying during a visit to So Paulo that it was probable that Paris would face " more jolts " as it battled to overcome the crisis .
He was the fourth senior government member this week to suggest that a downgrade was looming , including President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Underlining the potential for a downgrade , Insee , the official statistics body , on Thursday evening predicted the French economy would shrink in the last quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012 , threatening the government's deficit reduction plans .
Mr Sarkozy's centre-right government had until this week stressed the importance of preserving the country's triple A , making it a central political goal .
It has rolled out two emergency Budget packages since August in a bid to contain France's rising debt and hold on to the rating .
But officials now argue that markets have already largely priced in the additional borrowing costs that would be a principal effect of a downgrade .
With yields on French 10-year bonds still only just above 3 percent despite recent rises , they argue the country could withstand even a further increase .
However , a French downgrade could still cause major upheaval for the eurozone's main financial rescue fund , the European Financial Stability Facility ( EFSF , ) which also currently has a triple A rating but is on an S&amp;P credit watch .
The EFSF 's 440 billion euros in lending capacity is based on guarantees from the six eurozone countries with triple A ratings , and a French downgrade would mean the fund would lose 158 billion euros in those guarantees  in essence lowering its headline firepower to about 300 billion euros .
With existing commitments for Greek , Irish and Portuguese bail-outs , the fund would potentially have only about 150 billion euros to deal with the heightening strains in Italy and Spain .
In order to maintain its triple A rating , which officials have vowed to do , the EFSF would likely have to be restructured so that it holds on to some cash that it would have originally lent to bail-out countries  a scheme abandoned earlier this year in an effort to increase its firepower .
France was among 15 eurozone members put on negative watch by Standard &amp; Poor's earlier this month  but it was the only one of six single currency countries with a triple A rating threatened with a two-notch downgrade .
Britain 's triple A is not currently under threat .
S&amp;P said it would decide on taking action after it had judged the outcome of last week's European Union summit on the sovereign debt crisis .
Moody's , a rival agency , has already commented that the summit did not diminish the risk of downward ratings revisions .
" Our designs grow seamlessly out of an existing space , tapping into its DNA , but giving it an entirely new image and public resonance " , says Charles Renfro , partner in the New York- based architecture firm Diller Scofidio+Renfro .
In 2009 , it set the standard for how to break down the walls between public and private space .
Two of its high-profile New York debuts -- High Line park , built atop an old rail line , and Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall -- kept even the most highfalutin tastemakers buzzing .
The firm 's Lincoln Center revamp , to be rolled out over the coming year , opens the enclosed stone complex to the city , giving passersby a behind-the-scenes look at the space where more than 10,000 people work and study every day and making it theater itself .
A large , swooping lawn will double as a roof for the new glass-enclosed Hypar Restaurant .
" It 's as if we sliced out a chunk of Central Park and moved it three blocks " , Renfro says .
" It feels like you 're in a valley between two hills " .
This article is Part 2 in the series Freeware Programs Worth Checking Out .
Check out Part I here .
Now we will continue on with the list of great freeware apps thatyou can use as alternatives to popular premium software .
Ashampoo vs. Roxio Creator
Looking for a quality CD/DVD burning application ?
One of the most popular choices is Roxio Creator .
Although Roxio Creator is a great , feature packed program , it doesn't come cheap .
Roxio offers two versions of the software :
Roxio Creator 2010 , which retails for $ 99.99
and Roxio Creator Pro , which retails for $ 129.99 .
For many computer users , this is not a reasonable buy ,
as they only burn CDs and DVDs once in a while .
Luckily , Ashampoo offers a free CD/DVD burning software loaded with plenty of features .
Ashampoo should be able to meet the majority of people 's disc burning needs ,
as it supports all major file formats ( Ex. WAV, MP3, VCD, more ) and can be used for CD , DVD , and Blu-ray discs .
Projects like creating data discs , audio ripping , and more , are simple to do with Ashampoo 's easy to use interface .
Ashampoo can save you anywhere from $ 100 to $ 150 .
Paint.net vs. Adobe CS4 Photoshop
Just about everyone who takes pictures will want to do some photoediting at one point or another .
Unfortunately , Microsoft Paint is just not a reasonable app for doing even the most basic of photo editing .
Thus , most people choose to purchase Adobe Photoshop .
Although no one can discredit the capabilities of Photoshop , as well as it 's wide popularity and appeal , it 's price is questionable .
The starting price is $ 699 for the full version , and you can choose to upgrade from a previous version of Photoshop for $ 199 .
One disadvantage of Photoshop is that it does have a learning curve .
Computer users who just need a software to do basic photo editing may find Photoshop a bit of overkill .
Paint.net is the free alternative .
Does it have as many features as Photoshop ?
No , not at all .
However , Paint.net will handle the majority of photoediting projects that you throw at it .
It 's also easy to use .
The interface is similar to the default Microsoft Paint application ( mentioned above , ) with several additional features .
If you need an image editor that allows you to work with layers , as well as add effects , crop , and more , Paint.net is an ideal free solution .
If you should find that Paint.net does not have a feature you are looking for , there are still several other free photo editors that might have that particular feature .
You may want to check out our article ,
25 Free Online Image/Photo Editors .
Paint.net can save you anywhere from $ 199 to $ 699 .
Notepad++ vs. Adobe Dreamweaver/Microsoft Expression Web
If you were to search the web for " Best HTML Editors " you would most likely find two definitive results :
Adobe CS4 Dreamweaver , and Microsoft Expression Web 3 .
These two programs are the most heavily favored HTML/Web editors among designers and web developers .
However , these two programs are also the most heavily priced HTML/Web editors .
Adobe CS4 Dreamweaver will run you approximately $ 400 for a full version , and $ 199 for an upgrade .
Microsoft Expression Webis a bit more reasonably priced , retailing for $ 149 full and $ 79 upgrade .
As feature packed as these two programs may be , most people will not use 3/4 of their options .
In fact , some of the best web developers out there use Window 's built-in Notepad app for the majority of their work .
Now , there is a big gap when comparing Windows Notepad to Adobe Dreamweaver .
Something in between the two would be nice 
That 's where Notepad++ comes into play .
Notepad++ is a completely free HTML/Web editor with several great features .
Most notably , the tabbed interface of Notepad++ allows developers and designers to work with multiple docs at a time .
HTML editing programs are some of the most diverse apps out there .
You may or maynot like Notepad++ .
But , why not give it a try ?
Doing so could save you anywhere from $ 79 to $ 600 .
You can purchase a new laptop for $ 600 !
Any free software on this list working for you ?
Looking for more free software alternatives ?
Be sure to check out the last page , Part 3 , for the wrap up of the 10 Essential Windows Programs Worth CheckingOut , as well as the overall price savings .
Max Hastings 's family memoir
The Mac factor Apr 8th 2010 | From The Economist print edition
A story of the mother and father Did You Really Shoot the Television ?
By Max Hastings . Harper Press ; 278 pages ;  20 .
BUMPTIOUS , noisy and a bit larger than life , Sir Max Hastings might have been expected to cast himself in a more central role in this sad and funny memoir .
But although the author did indeed shoot a television ( as an 11-year-old , taking out Perry Mason while mucking about with one of his father 's vast arsenal of weapons , )
he is for the most part a self-effacing chronicler of what he calls his " Tribe . "
This is partly because what we have here is a kind of prequel to two earlier ( rather less unassuming ) memoirs covering Sir Max 's adult life as a war correspondent and then as editor of two Fleet Street newspapers .
But mostly it is because what he really wants to do is tell us about his remarkable parents , Macdonald "Mac" Hastings and Anne Scott-James , two well-known but very different journalists .
Sir Max picks up the story of his family in the late 19th century and introduces the reader to some pretty colourful characters ,
but he hits his stride when his parents arrive on the scene .
Anne was working for Picture Post when Mac , one of the legendary magazine 's ace reporters , proposed , announcing his intention to "hook" her .
Their son observes :
" It is easy to see why Mac married Anne .
She was beautiful , clever , witty , effective , a merciless realist
it is harder to perceive what Anne saw in Mac for all his gifts and charm ,
Mac was a fantasist of heroic proportions " .
Like so many wartime marriages , theirs was a wholly predictable failure , albeit one that endured after a fashion for 17 years .
Anne became a well-rewarded columnist for the Daily Mail and a trailblazer for other female journalists .
After several years spent losing large amounts of his own and other people 's money editing magazines , Mac was picked to be the " Special Investigator " for the Eagle , a comic .
Middle-aged and bespectacled , he became an unlikely hero for a generation of boys by undertaking daunting new assignments on an almost weekly basis , in fact , being paid to act out every romantic fantasy that had ever occurred to him .
On a famous escapade , he sets out across the Kalahari desert in an old truck to find the last Bushmen , or " Stone Age Men " as he called them .
Mac 's last great stunt as a RobinsonCrusoe- type castaway sold to a tabloid Sunday newspaper for 5,000 urgently needed to pay a tax bill very nearly did for him .
Mac " maroons " himself on a deserted atoll in the Indian Ocean to see whether , equipped with just a gun , an axe , a cooking pot and some rope , he can survive for five weeks .
With only a giant turtle called Fifi and a murderous terrier for company , Mac slowly starves .
He is rescued in the nick of time .
But when he arrives back in London on a stretcher , after a " terse exchange of incivilities , " Anne sweeps past him in the hall of their flat to begin a holiday in the south of France .
It is the final act of their marriage .
Both Mac and Anne remarried happily .
In awe of his mother , but in love with his father , the adolescent Max chose to stay with Mac , who lived just long enough to see his son " liberate " Port Stanley from the Argentine army in 1982 .
Relations with Anne , spiky and energetic to the last , appear to have remained fairly cool until her death last year at the age of 96 .
That Sir Max reveals little about himself in this memoir hardly matters .
By bringing Mac , a character of true and now enduring tragicomic greatness , back to life , he provides ample compensation .
Franois Xavier and Claude Lalanne Animal , vegetable , mineral Go to Paris for one of this spring 's most enjoyable exhibitions
Apr 8th 2010 | From The Economist print edition
A SCULPTED grasshopper that measures six feet ( 1.85 metres ) in length stands at the entrance to the private apartments at Windsor Castle .
Made of brass , steel and Svres porcelain , it was a gift to Queen Elizabeth from President Georges Pompidou after her state visit to France in 1972 .
It was an arresting , witty and practical offering :
lift up the creature 's back and the interior serves as a wine cooler .
The grasshopper was made in Paris by Franois-Xavier Lalanne , who , since the 1960s , had exhibited with his wife , Claude , as the Lalannes .
Unlike Claes Oldenburg and his wife , Coosje van Bruggen , the Lalannes did not collaborate so much as co-create .
These independent artisan-artists made their pieces out of metal ,
but he hammered and riveted while she moulded .
In their choice of subject matter they were polar opposites .
He favoured animals ; she vegetation .
Nevertheless , as a 150-piece retrospective in Paris demonstrates , seen together their works produce an echoing harmony .
At once punchy and dreamlike , this is a hugely attractive show .
Visitors are greeted by a bronze rabbit , 11 feet long with ears blown back as if by the wind .
Its feet , however , are hooves and its tail is that of a bird .
The large bronze cat also combines elements of several creatures .
When young , Mr Lalanne worked as a guard at the Louvre , where he studied its Egyptian collection .
The influence of Hindu deities is also clear .
Among his other works on view are a rocking-chair bird , a series of life-sized rhinos and a gorilla whose chest opens to reveal a safe .
Many of Mrs Lalanne 's pieces are fashioned from sinuous vines and leaves twisted into candelabra , garden benches , jewellery and gates .
Their debt to Surrealism and Art Nouveau is obvious .
So is their droll , devil-may-care inventiveness .
Mr Lalanne died in December 2008 .
His widow chose Peter Marino , an architect-decorator and longtime friend and Lalanne collector , to design this exhibition .
The result is a mixture of intimate and public spaces ;
cosy rooms and sweeping , contemporary-gallery-style vistas .
Some walls are covered in ivy .
Part of the vast central court is a turquoise reflecting pool which has no water , but is filled with frogs and graceful waterfowl .
It is backed by sand dunes on which two shaggy camels rest .
Elsewhere in the court a flock of life-sized sheep straggle across a field of AstroTurf .
It was sheep on rollers that launched the Lalannes ' career .
In 1966 Mr Lalanne sent a herd of 24 woolly ones to the Salon de la Jeune Peinture .
Each could be sat on ;
together they became banquettes or beds .
They were hailed as three-dimensional Magrittes .
The Lalannes were on the art map .
Alexander Iolas , champion of the Surrealists , became their dealer and introduced the Lalannes to America .
A year after the Salon , the Art Institute of Chicago gave them a show ,
and Life magazine a four-page spread .
" Baby " Jane Holzer , known as one of Andy Warhol 's " superstars , " asked Mr Lalanne to make one of his rhinos in leather .
That beast , which breaks into a set of comfy-looking chairs , was shown in the early 1970s at the influential Castelli gallery in New York .
It is one of the works on loan to the Paris show .
By the 1980s Mr Iolas 's gallery had closed ;
minimalism and conceptualism were in vogue in America .
It was not until 2007 that a dealer named Paul Kasmin began to represent them in New York .
Their work was snapped up by a new generation of young collectors .
Two years later , he organised a display of Lalanne sculptures along the traffic islands on Park Avenue , including Mrs Lalanne 's bronze of a big , big apple .
The artists ' greatest admirers have been in France .
A room in the retrospective spotlights Yves Saint Laurent 's acquisitions .
Among them are a modernist bar by Mr Lalanne and a group of mirrors by his widow .
At Christie's Yves Saint Laurent /Pierre Berg sale last year the Lalanne bar sold for more than $ 3.5m , over ten times the top estimate ,
and the ensemble of 15 mirrors for nearly $ 2.5m , twice the estimate .
The whooping prices and global coverage of the sale introduced the Lalannes to a new audience .
Ben Brown , their London dealer , reports that his biggest problem now is not finding buyers , but works to sell .
The Lalannes have always occupied the borderland between high and decorative art .
Some critics feel they did not break new ground ;
others the opposite , that they drew serious attention to this terrain .
Rob Wynne , a New York artist who is represented by the same Paris dealer , will surely not be the only one to see the influence of the Lalannes on artists , such as Barry Flanagan , a Welsh sculptor known for his giant bronze hares , or the famous fish lamps made by Frank Gehry .
In the Lalannes ' world the down-to-earth and the funny merge with the fantastical and baroque .
" Les Lalannes " is at the Muse des Arts Dcoratifs in Paris until July 4th .
" Lalannes " opens at the Fairchild Tropical Botanic Gardens , Coral Gables , Florida in December 2010 .
Ian Grice paid  30,000 for a chrome-plated Mini Cooper as a Valentine 's gift for his wife Toni .
It must have seemed like an expensive gift that would make his wife the flashiest thing on the road .
But it has ended up becoming rather a burden .
Butto the couple's dismay , they cannot even get the new car off their drive to show it off .
Mr Grice , 42 , cannot get anyone to insure the pricey vehicle .
' I've been left with the world 's most expensive mirror ' , he complained . ' No one will touch it with a barge pole ' .
The builder bought the super-shiny car from a London showroom as a Valentine 's Day gift for his wife , 41 .
He was given a week 's free insurance so he could drive it back to their home in Greasley , Notts .
But now insurance firms are refusing to give the couple cover .
Mr Grice , a father of two , said :
' They say it 's too fragile and it'll get scratched and scuffed too easily ' .
Headded that it was a ' striking ' car
and that ' if you look at the body you see your reflection perfectly ' .
A spokesman for the Association of British Insurers told The Sun : ' It could be a target for thieves ' .
World 's most expensive mirror ?
Toni Grice applies her lipstick in her 30,000 car-cum-mirror
Beijing ( CNN ) -- After a deal was hammered out by European Union leaders last week on a joint plan to help bail out Greece and bolster European banks ,
the world looked to China to help pick up the check .
In a historical context , it 's a remarkable turn of events for China , which inside a generation has rocketed from isolation and poverty to become the world 's second largest economy behind the United States .
But as Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Europe to meet with other G-20 leaders in Cannes ,
it became increasingly clear that Beijing was n't coming into town wearing a white hat to rescue debt-ridden eurozone nations .
Why is the EU turning to China ?
Simply put , Beijing has the money .
The tumult in Greece is over austerity moves that would cut Greek services , reduce payback to Greek bondholders by as much 50% and bolster loans to help Athens in $ 178billion deal .
The end goal of these measures would leave Greece with debt equaling 120% of its total economic output by 2020 .
China , by contrast , is the largest holder of foreign currency reserves in the world with more than $ 3trillion in its coffers and an economy whose annual growth rate hovers near 10% .
European leaders are hoping Beijing will be a substantial contributor to the European Financial Stability Fund , which under the deal hammered out last week would increase from 440billion euros to 1trillion euros ($ 1.36trillion . )
But Chinese Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao told reporters gathering in Cannes ahead of the summit that it was " too soon " for Beijing to say whether it would contribute to the fund .
" The fund has not established details of its investment options so we still can't talk about the issue of investing " , he said .
What 's in it for China ?
The bloc of 17 nations united under the euro currency is China 's largest trading partner ,
the destination for nearly 20% of Chinese goods exported in 2010 ; by comparison , 18% of Chinese exports were sent to the U.S , according to 2010 World Trade Organization figures .
In July , eurozone trade to China surpassed the U.S. for the first time to become the EU 's largest trading partner , according to Eurostat .
So an unstable Europe would undoubtedly hurt the fortunes of exporters here .
Still , any help would likely come with strings attached .
Though U.S. lawmakers have led complaints that China unfairly manipulates the value of its currency , similar shouts have been heard from European officials .
No doubt Beijing would like to see those calls silenced .
Moreover , China wants the EU to give it market economy status , which would reduce the tariffs for Chinese products sold in the eurozone .
China is scheduled to get market economy status by the World Trade Organization in 2016 ,
and observers say it 's likely the EU will wait until then .
a commentary in China 's state-run Xinhua said last month arguing for market economy status .
" Since eruption of the global financial crisis and the debt crisis in Europe , China has offered help to Europe .
For instance , China sent several delegations to Europe to purchase huge amounts of goods and services in 2009 , aiming to boost Europe 's economy .
Since last year , China has purchased bonds of several European countries , trying to save nations deep in a debt crisis " .
" By contrast , it is a pity that the EU side still shows no sincerity on the issue of recognizing China 's market economy status " , it said .
Why is China reluctant to help ?
There appears to be little domestic enthusiasm in China to run to the EU 's aid .
" They keep pushing the anti-dumping thing and bullying China , and now we are helping them " ? one Beijing man told CNN ,
referring to allegations that China " dumps " products in markets with unfair pricing .
" I say we should not save them " .
Chinese perceive their currency reserve as a nest egg built on the back of 30 years hard work building its economy , said Patrick Chovanec of Tsinghua University .
" It 's a sensitive issue because Beijing can't be seen to be just investing this money willy-nilly " , Chovanec said .
" They need to make a case that they 're going to earn a reliable return " .
Economist Andy Xie in Shanghai argues it 's not in Beijing's " political , economic or strategic interest " to come to the EU 's aid .
While some have argued a handout would be a way for China to increase its " soft power " abroad , Xie thinks such a move would backfire .
" Look at Greece -- they complain their country is being taken over by German bankers " , he said .
" How do you think they will feel if China steps in ?
The average person wouldn't look at this as aid , but as China coming in and taking us over " .
And a slowdown in the EU would hurt China , it wouldn't raise the specter of widespread unemployment , he added .
" China 's labor market is fully employed ..
there are widespread shortages of manual labor .
Any economic slowdown ( from reduced EU demand ) is not likely to see widespread unemployment " .
Even more of a signal that Beijing will let the EU solve its own problems .
How China can really help ?
Others say that China 's real opportunity to help is n't through bailing out Europe , but investing in the EU and boosting domestic consumption of European products .
" What the Europeans lack isn't money , what they lack is growth " , said Chovanec .
" China can play an important role in saving Europe but not in the way that most people think .
Most people think the Europeans are coming to China hat in hand hoping for bailout funds . "
Really the way that China can help Europe is not by continuing to run surpluses and turn around to use the proceeds to lend it back to Europe to keep them on life support .
" The real way Chinese can help Europe is by using some of that money , the $ 3trillion worth of reserves they 've piled up to stimulate consumption .. and help create jobs , earnings and opportunity in Europe " .
5 Tips for a Great Monday Morning by Jeffrey Tang 
" The secret of getting ahead is getting started " .  Mark Twain
What are your Monday mornings like ?
Are you refreshed and recharged , ready to tackle another week of productivity ?
Or , are you dragging yourself out of bed twenty minutes late , desperately hoping that someone 's already started up the coffeemaker ?
Just as eating a good breakfast helps you launch a great day , having a good Monday helps you launch a great week .
Here are five effective ways to make sure your Monday goes well :
Plan ahead .
As much as you hate working on the weekends , doing just a little planning ahead of time can make your Mondays much better .
This can be as simple as getting a full night 's sleep ( instead of staying up late on Sunday ) or packing your lunch the night before .
One of my personal favorites , though , is taking five minutes during the weekend to " pre-prioritize " your Monday .
Grab a notepad or planner and jot down the first three tasks you need to complete Monday morning .
Then stick to them .
Wake up earlier than you need to .
Time management is a lot easier when you have a lot of time to spare .
It might be difficult to roll out of bed early ,
but that extra 30 minutes will save your day when ( not if ) something unexpected happens .
Eat a good breakfast .
Eating breakfast prepares your body for a hard day 's work .
Studies have shown time and time again that without a good dose of fuel to jolt it out of sleep mode , your body ( and your brain ) won't be up and running in time for work .
If you don't have time to sit down to a leisurely breakfast ( I totally understand , ) be sure to grab something on the way .
Just stay away from the fast food .
Drop the caffeine .
That cup of coffee may help you keep your eyes open ,
but it 's not a substitute for a good breakfast ( see above . )
Instead of using caffeine as a crutch , try :
a ) allocating more time for sleep on Sunday night ;
and b ) substituting an apple for that cup of joe .
Some studies show that eating an apple in the morning helps keep you going longer ( and healthier ) than coffee .
Be the motivator .
Remember , you 're not the only one with a case of the Mondays .
More than likely , you 've got a few co-workers who are n't ready for the weekend to be over just yet .
even if you 're still groggy yourself .
Be encouraging and upbeat for their sake , and you might wind up giving yourself a boost in the process .
Joe Paterno , Longtime Penn State Coach , Dies at 85
( 3 ) People gathered around a statue of Joe Paterno on the Penn State campus after hearing of his death on Sunday .
Some critics also complained that Paterno 's run-oriented offense remained too conservative .
High school stars were said to be looking elsewhere , assuming that Paterno would soon be gone .
In August 2004 , Spanier , then the Penn State president , called Paterno " a brilliant man , the school 's greatest ambassador , the school 's best fund-raiser and a philanthropist " .
( Paterno 's family had donated more than $ 4million to the university , which named a wing of its expanded library for Paterno and his wife in 2000 ) .
But the Sunday before Thanksgiving Day 2004 , Spanier and three top university administrators went to Paterno 's home , suggesting he retire , although he had been given a four-year contract extension the previous spring .
In an interview with The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette late in 2005 , Paterno said he had told the university officials that Penn State was close to returning as a national power .
" They did n't quite understand where I was coming from or what it took to get a football program going " , Paterno said .
" I said : ' Relax .
Get off my backside ' . "
They did .
Paterno 's team lost only one game in 2005 and captured the Big Ten championship before defeating Florida State in the Orange Bowl in 2006 .
" You guys think that you write something and all of a sudden I 'm bothered " ?
Paterno told The Associated Press at the outset of the 2007 season .
" I don't read it " .
In addition to his wife and his son Joseph Jr ,
known as Jay , Paterno is survived by his sons David and Scott ; his daughters , Diana Giegerich and Mary Kathryn Hort ; and many grandchildren .
George Paterno died in 2002 .
Joe Paterno 's wife and his five children were Penn State graduates .
For all his achievements , Paterno insisted that there was more to college football than results on the scoreboard .
As he wrote in The New York Times on the eve of the 1989 season :
" A hard-fought , well-fought , hairline-close game is as classical in sports as tragedy in theater .
A tragedy usually ends with the stage strewn with bodies from both sides of a struggle ,
and you can't tell who won and who lost .
Victory is contained within defeat , and defeat is contained within victory .
That 's the way it is in the best of games .
What counts in sports is not the victory but the magnificence of the struggle " .
Paterno said he was disappointed by the trustees ' decision to fire him after he announced he would retire at the end of the 2011 season .
But in a statement just before the board acted , he expressed remorse over his personal failing .
He chose a word that he had used in describing what he saw as the spirit of athletic competition back in 1989 ,
but this time in a very different context 
the episode that ended his career and left his reputation in tatters .
" This is a tragedy " , he said .
" It is one of the great sorrows of my life .
With the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more " .
Joe Paterno , the Face of Penn State
1. Penn State head coach Joe Paterno stood with his team before they took the field to play against Wisconsin in State College in 2007 .
Credit : Carolyn Kaster / Associated Press
2. Mr. Paterno won more games than any other major-college football coach .
During his 46 years as head coach , he paced the sidelines in his thick tinted glasses , indifferent to fashion in his white athletic socks and rolled-up , baggy khaki pants .
Credit : Carolyn Kaster / Associated Press
3. Joe Paterno directing players as an associate coach for Penn State in 1965 .
One year later , Paterno became the head coach , succeeding Rip Engle and finishing his first season with a 5-5 record .
Credit : Associated Press
4. Paterno 's wife , Susan , embraced him after Penn State 's victory over Texas in the 1972 Cotton Bowl .
Credit : Associated Press 5 .
Paterno won his first national title and was carried off the field after Penn State 's win over Georgia in the Sugar Bowl in 1983 .
Credit : Associated Press
6. Following his players onto the field before the Orange Bowl against Florida State in 2006 .
In the early 2000s , Penn State struggled through several lackluster seasons ,
and Paterno began facing pressure to retire .
Credit : Carolyn Kaster / Associated Press
7. Florida State Coach Bobby Bowden shook hands with Paterno before the 2006 Orange Bowl .
Bowden trailed Paterno for the most major college football victories before his retirement in 2010 .
The 2006 season marked the resurgence of Paterno and Penn State .
The Nittany Lions capped off the year with a victory over Florida State at the Orange Bowl .
Credit : Mark Wallheiser / Reuters
8. In 2006 , Paterno was injured on the sideline after Penn State tight end Andrew Quarless slid into him in the third quarter of a game against Wisconsin .
Paterno broke his leg and missed two games .
Credit : Allen Fredrickson / Reuters
9. Paterno was a larger-than-life figure for many on Penn State 's campus and in the college football world at large , known to many supporters and fans as JoePa .
Credit : Damian Dovarganes / Associated Press
10. Rolled-up pants were part of Paterno 's distinctive coaching look .
In the late 1960s , his wife wanted the cuffs rolled because mud from the football field would splash on his then-wool slacks while he was coaching .
Paterno eventually switched to khakis .
Credit : Danny Moloshok / Associated Press
11. Paterno with defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky in 1999 .
In the wake of the Sandusky scandal , Paterno was denied his wish to finish his 46th season and was fired .
Sandusky has been charged with more than 50 counts of sexually abusing boys .
Credit : Paul Vathis / Associated Press
12. Paterno with the assistant coach Mike McQueary in 2011 .
In 2002 , McQueary told Paterno that he had witnessed Sandusky sexually abusing a boy in a shower at the football facility .
Paterno reported it to his superiors at Penn State but not to the police .
In an interview last week , he said that he was unsure how to handle the matter .
Credit : Gene J. Puskar / Associated Press
13. Shortly after the Sandusky allegations surfaced , Paterno took to the practice field with his team in November 2011 .
The 84-year-old Paterno was fired on Nov. 10. Thousands of Penn State students took to the streets in protest .
Credit : Richard Perry / The New York Times
14. A day after his firing , Paterno greeted hundreds of students and supporters outside his home .
Credit : Matt Rourke / Associated Press
15. With his wife at his side , Paterno thanked his supporters from the front porch of his home .
Paterno said : " I 've lived for this place .
I 've lived for people like you guys and girls .
It 's hard for me to say how much this means " .
Credit : Gene J . Puskar / Associated Press
16. At the end of his 46-year tenure as head coach of Penn State , Paterno held more major college football bowl victories than any other coach in history and had won two national championships .
Credit : Pat Little / Associated Press
LONDON according to daily data from STR Global , the leading provider of market data to the hotel industry
as a cloud of volcanic ash grounded air travel and stranded travellers throughout the continent , Hotel performance at select European airports showed increases in occupancy and average room rate compared with the same week last year ,
Revenue per available room ( RevPAR ) grew in double-digit figures for the week of 11 to 17 April 2010 compared with the same week last year , which included the Easter holidays ( 10 to 13 April 2009 . )
Gatwick (+ 40 percent ,) Amsterdam Schiphol (+ 69 percent ,) Heathrow (+ 70 percent ,) Stockholm Arlanda (+ 75 percent ,) Brussels Airport and its surroundings (+ 137 percent) and Frankfurt Rhein-Main Airport (+ 369 percent) all reported growth in local currency during the seven-day period .
Four out of the six airport locations achieved occupancy levels of more than 90 percent for Thursday ( 15 April . )
Occupancy declined for the following three nights , as people found alternative travel methods or returned home .
Frankfurt's Rhein-Main Airport ' s strong performance in the early half of the week was due to the biennial trade fair " Light + Building , " which took place 11 to 16 April 2010 .
Average daily rates ( ADR ) showed strong growth , especially in the major hub locations in Frankfurt Rhein-Main , Heathrow and Amsterdam Schiphol .
Daily occupancy 11 to 18 April 2010 for selected European airport locations Source :
STR Global Daily average room rate day to day percentage change in local currency Source :
Invasive species can decrease biodiversity and drive resident species to the brink of extinction .
But how do these interlopers fare so well in unfamiliar territory ?
One idea is that they 've escaped their enemies , for example , the parasites that keep them in check on their home turf .
But a study in the journal Biology Letters suggests that notion doesn't always stand up .
Because at least one kind of invasive shrimp is an even bigger pest when it has a parasite on board .
The scientists were studying a freshwater shrimp commonly found in England .
Fishermen brought the shrimp to Northern Ireland in the 1950s as a tasty treat for local trout .
Well , the shrimp liked the new digs .
So much that they 've all but eliminated the native shrimp species .
The strange thing is , they may have parasites to thank .
In some streams , 70 percent of the invaders are infected with an intestinal worm that doesn't go for the native shrimp .
But this gut worm doesn't slow them down .
In fact , infected shrimp eat 30 percent more prey than those that are parasite-free .
Which perhaps is not surprising .
If you had a worm that constituted a quarter of your body weight , you 'd eat more too .
Google , the world's most popular search engine , is expanding its reach in the lucrative online travel business .
In March , Google added hotel links to its Maps application , listing hotels with room rates available to some users .
Google also is reportedly in talks to pay $ 1 billion to acquire ITA Software , which develops fare-shopping software for online travel agencies , airlines and fare-search-only sites , such as Bing Travel and Kayak .
Incorporating fares into Google search results would keep customers more engaged in its applications while they plan for travel , a prospect that could unnerve other fare sites .
Users would be able to type in their destination and travel dates , and see flights and prices .
Now , Google users can plug in dates and cities , but only get links to other booking sites , such as Orbitz , Expedia and Hotwire .
Google declined to comment about the acquisition talks .
But , says Google spokeswoman Victoria Katsarou , " We always have travel in mind . We're trying to make it easier for our users " .
The potential acquisition , if completed , " would be a game changer and a clear signal of Google's interest in travel " , says Steve Kaufer , CEO of TripAdvisor .
Analysts say Google is interested in providing information but not offering bookings .
Google relies on advertising revenue from online travel agencies and has said in the past it doesn't want to engage in transactions .
" I doubt Google would ever want to take a reservation " , Kaufer says .
Norm Rose , president of Travel Tech Consulting , says Google will likely rely on other sites for buying tickets .
" If you hear that it's bad news for online travel agencies , it's premature " , he says .
But if Google moves to offer fare results , it could threaten shopping sites that similarly provide only fares .
" It could be difficult for sites like Kayak to maintain competitiveness " , Rose says .
Kayak didn't reply to a request to comment .
Google's interest in fare information may have been triggered by Microsoft's acquisition of Farecast two years ago , Rose says .
Using Farecast 's software , Microsoft introduced a travel site in its latest search engine , Bing , that stood out from the pack by providing predictions on whether fares would rise or fall .
Bing 's Mike Fridgen says search engines are " clearly the No . 1 referral to travel sites today " .
Noting Bing Travel's growth since it was launched last year , Fridgen says about 60 % of travel shoppers start travel planning with a search engine .
Google has an array of tools available that would make shopping for fares different from shopping for them on other sites .
For example , Google could choose to display fares on its global map , allowing armchair travelers to browse through fares from their home city , Rose says .
It could also expand offerings in travel itinerary management , in which travelers can store all their reservations , he says .
" There has to be another piece to this " , he says .
Meanwhile , Google 's mobile phone operating system , Android , is gaining in popularity .
And Google Maps allows users to tailor it for their trips and provides public transportation information .
Prepared Remarks of President Barack Obama Weekly Address
All across America are good ,
decent folks who meet their obligations each and every day .
They support their families .
They try to make an honest living the best they can .
And this weekend , many are sitting down to pay the taxes they owe 
not because it 's fun ,
but because it 's a fundamental responsibility of our citizenship .
But in tough times , when many families are having trouble just making it all work , Tax Day can seem even more daunting .
This year , however , many Americans are seeing some welcome relief .
So far , Americans who have filed their taxes have discovered that the average refund is up nearly ten percent this year  to an all-time high of about $3,000 .
This is due in large part to the Recovery Act .
In fact , one-third of the Recovery Act was made up of tax cuts 
tax cuts that have already provided more than $ 160million in relief for families and businesses ,
and nearly $ 100billion of that directly into the pockets of working Americans .
No one I 've met is looking for a handout .
And that 's not what these tax cuts are .
Instead , they 're targeted relief to help middle class families weather the storm ,
to jumpstart our economy , and to bring the fundamentals of the American Dream 
making an honest living , earning an education , owning a home , and raising a family 
back within reach for millions of Americans .
First , because folks who work hard should be able to make a decent living ,
I kept a promise I made when I campaigned for this office and cut taxes for 95 percent of working Americans .
For most Americans , this Making Work Pay tax credit began showing up in your paychecks last April .
And it continues this year , for a total of $ 400 per individual and $ 800 per couple , per year .
Second , because a college education is critical to the success of our workers and our economy ,
we 're helping to make it more affordable for millions of Americans .
Millions of students and parents paying for college tuition are now eligible for up to $ 2,500 under the American Opportunity Credit .
Along with a host of other steps we 've taken , this will help us reach our goal of once again having the highest proportion of college graduates in the world by 2020 .
Third , we 're restoring the home as a source of stability and an anchor of the American Dream .
If you 've bought a home for the first time , you 're eligible for a credit of up to $8,000 .
And if you bought a new car last year , you can deduct the state and local sales taxes you paid on that car .
Fourth , whether you bought a home for the first time or you 've owned one for a long time ,
if you invested in making your home more energy-efficient with certain improvements like new insulation or windows , or plan to this year ,
you 're eligible for up to $1,500 in new tax credits .
This does more than just put money back in your pocket 
it 's helping create new clean energy , manufacturing , and construction jobs at small businesses across the country .
Fifth , to help working families with children through difficult times ,
we increased the Earned Income Tax Credit and allowed more families to qualify for the Child Tax Credit .
Finally , for those who lost their jobs in the recession and need some help getting back on their feet ,
we provided a 65 percent tax credit to help cover the cost of health care
and made sure the first $2,400 in unemployment benefits is tax-free .
These are among the tax breaks and savings that are available to over one hundred million Americans right now .
It 's also important to note that the new health reform law includes the largest middle class tax cut for health care in history , and once it's implemented ;
millions of Americans will finally be able to purchase quality , affordable care and the security and peace of mind that comes with it .
And one thing we have not done is raise income taxes on families making less than $ 250,000 .
That 's another promise we 've kept .
We 've also made it easy to find out what 's owed to you and your family .
After all , the big guys know how to find their tax breaks ;
it 's time you did , too .
Just visit WhiteHouse.gov and click on the Tax Savings Tool .
It 's already been accessed more than 100,000 times by folks who want to see what savings they 're owed and how to collect them .
If you 've already filed your taxes and missed some of the savings available to you , don't worry 
you can still amend your returns after April 15th to save hundreds or even thousands of dollars .
And just as each of us meets our responsibilities as citizens ,
we expect our businesses and our government to meet theirs in return .
That 's why I 've asked Congress to close some of the biggest tax loopholes exploited by some of our most profitable corporations to avoid paying their fair share  or , in some cases , paying taxes at all .
That 's why we 're tightening Washington 's belt by cutting programs that don't work , contracts that are n't fair , and spending we don't need .
And that 's why I 've proposed a freeze on discretionary spending , signed a law that restores the pay-as-you-go principle that helped produce the surpluses of the 1990s ,
and created a bipartisan , independent commission to help solve our fiscal crisis and close the deficits that have been growing for a decade .
Because I refuse to leave our problems to the next generation .
It 's been a tough couple years for America .
But the economy is growing again .
Companies are beginning to hire again .
We are rewarding work and helping more of our people reach for the American Dream again .
And while there 's no doubt we still face a long journey together , with more steps to take , more obstacles to overcome , and more challenges to face along the way ;
if there is one thing of which the people of this great country have convinced me ,
it 's that the United States of America will recover , stronger than before .
Thanks for listening , and have a great weekend .
The Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajkull continues to erupt and was still spewing ash and debris as of Tuesday afternoon .
Weather patterns continued to blow the ash towards the United Kingdom , that country 's Meteorological Office reports .
According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA , ) some of the ash may make it to the far eastern edge of Canada .
" We checked with them this morning and we find they 've extended their advisory into far eastern Canada , slightly further to the west " ,
says Tony Hall , director of NOAA 's Alaska Volcanic Ash Advisory Center .
However , most of the ash is falling on the ground and in the ocean near Iceland .
The Volcanic Ash Advisory Center in Montreal has not seen any signs of ash in its airspace via satellite ,
Hall says . " It 's an advisory , not a warning " , he notes .
That means it 's a possibility , not a certainty .
However , none of the ash is expected to reach the USA .
" There may be some nicer sunsets over North America this week " ,
but that 's pretty much the only effect ,
says Stan Benjamin , director of NOAA 's Forecast Branch for Global Systems Division .
Eyjafjallajkull ( ay-yah-FYAH-lah-yer-kuhl ) began erupting March 20 , with a second , more larger eruption beginning April 14 .
But here in the USA , NOAA , the National Weather Service , NASA , the FAA and everyone else is keeping watch .
" The volcano in Iceland is still erupting , so we 're very closely monitoring this situation .
All these volcanoes each other their own personality and behavior "
and it 's not possible to predict what they 'll do , Hall says .
The USA has " quite a bit of experience with ( volcanic eruptions , ) in Alaska and Hawaii , especially Alaska " , says Hall .
" We frequently help the airline industry out in these events " .
For example , Anchorage is the third-largest airport in the nation for cargo planes .
During the most recent eruption of Alaska 's Mt . Redoubt , in 2009 , " the volcano was going on and off for about three months " ,
says Gary Hufford of NOAA 's National Weather Service .
It 's not expected that the Eyjafjallajkull eruption will have any effect on worldwide climate , reports Chet Koblinsky , director of NOAA 's Climate Program Office .
It 's simply not putting out enough ash and sulfur dioxide to cause cooling .
The more I write about productivity and personal development the more I learn about myself .
Considering that was a stated goal of this blog from day one , I 'm pretty happy with the development .
My latest realization has to do with productivity bottlenecks .
A productivity bottleneck , by my definition is anything that restricts your ability to do work efficiently .
It could be one tiny part in your process that ruins everything when it is n't operating smoothly .
Time management systems can be surprisingly complex
and if yours is breaking down at a specific point , it 's probably a major bottleneck in your productivity .
Bottlenecks are what prevent progress , even if the rest of your system is working splendidly .
My number one bottleneck is definitely my to-do list .
When my to-do list sucks , I suck .
Unfortunately , my to-do list has many different ways in which it can suck .
It can be incomplete , thus making me anxious .
It can be poorly worded , thus making me confused .
It can be ambiguous , which makes me angry .
The list goes on .
In the past , I 'm pretty sure I kept working off the same to-do list until I finished it , regardless of its health .
My to-do list could be gasping for air and whimpering feebly but I was going to finish that little SOB before I even thought about re-writing it .
Luckily , I appear to be growing up .
At the first signs of my productivity slacking , I take a good hard look at my to-do list .
After giving it the evil eye , I usually do one or all of the following :
1. A complete mental RAM dump :
If I 'm feeling anxiety about my to-do list , chances are it 's not complete .
Sitting down and mentally vomiting all over a piece of paper can be much like real vomiting :
you might be a little surprised at what comes out but you 'll undoubtedly feel better .
2. Re-write any ambiguous entries ( must have clear action ): !
If I can't look at an item on my to-do list and know EXACTLY what I 'm talking about , I 'm in trouble .
Sometimes really ambiguous entries make it on the list because I trust my future self way too much .
3. Break big to-do 's into smaller to-do's :
Let 's face it , no matter which way you slice it , " figure out where I stand on religion " ( this was actually on my latest to-do list ) is not a to-do .
Your brain knows when you are asking way too much of it .
When you do that , it will shut down and your productivity will plummet .
Be honest with yourself , it should only be on your to-do list if it is something you can actually DO .
Break that monster project up into some smaller steps and attack them one at a time .
4. Get rid of things I do n't need to do anymore :
The easiest way to fly through your to-do list is to delete things .
Even the most productive of people can't beat that .
There is nothing wrong with doing that either , as long as it is legitimate .
If deleting something wo n't have any real ramifications and it isn't something you really think you need to do ,
by all means get that little attention hog out of there .
5. Make somebody else do something ( more commonly known as delegating ) :
If you can't delete something it must be moderately important .
That doesn't mean you have to do it though , right ?
See if you can get one of your underlings ( or friends or little brother or whatever ) to do it instead .
If it 's not something to love and it has to get done anyway it 's just eating up the time you could be using on something amazing .
Find someone you trust , give them the tools they need to accomplish it , and get the hell out of their way .
When I have a beefy to-do list in front of me with well-written and actionable items my productivity flies through the roof .
A to-do list means all the decision making behind what to do is done ahead of time .
When it 's time to work it 's time to focus on the doing .
No more bottleneck ,
no more frustration and no more productivity lapses .
because someday , look back on a ,
young day we shared ,
we learned we had , we lost
because you know tomorrow had another plan
because you lose the future is all we have left one pain , one hope too far , so close
we laugh , we cry we live , we grow because
because we know the future is all we have left one day , somewhere hold on ,
somewhere we stand , we leap we fall , we go
because you know tomorrow plays another hand
because we loset the future is all we have left
because someday surely someday surely someday
Twitter user jokes how ' a bird crapped on a Smart Car and totalled it .. '
so firm proves his wrong with maths ( and wins legions of fans for their efforts )
Social media has brought companies and their customers even closer together - which is both a good and bad thing .
But when Twitter user Clayton Hove slung a wry comment onto the internet about Smart Car ,
he probably didn't expect such a dry , witty and obviously dedicated response .
Hove simply told his 4,000 or so followers :
' Saw a bird had crapped on a Smart Car . Totaled it .
' It was intended as a throwaway remark -
but Smart Car went to work to prove him wrong , calculating exactly how many pigeons it would take to ' total ' a Smart Car .
What they came up with , it turns out , is 4,500,000 -
and a piece of social marketing genius which money cannot buy .
Brilliant response :
Smart Car ' went on the attack ' with one of the wittiest social media replies yet How many pigeons to total a Smart Car ?
4.5million .
Alternatively , that 's 45,000 ' emu craps '
The dedication given to a simple Tweet is pretty immense -
the social marketing team put together a comparison chart of different animal ' craps , ' added a few asterisks and footnotes ,
and even provided us with a key so we know exactly how many poops we are dealing with .
But it was a point well-made ,
and now - thanks to the image spreading on Facebook and Twitter -
millions of people are now aware of the Smart Car 's ' tridion safety cell , ' which protects the driver as they motor around the place .
Hove was both taken aback and proud of the response , admitting defeat at the hands of team .
He replied : '
Outsmarted by Smart Car . Best . Social media response . Ever . '
Clayton replied a few hours later , with admiration for Smart Car Well played , social media team :
As they gave us a chuckle , it 's probably fair to show a picture of one of their cars ,
so here is the latest two-seater , the Smart ForTwo Read more :
Properties for sale reaches highest level in two years
The number of properties going on the market usually increases in spring
The number of Scots trying to sell their homes has reached the highest level in nearly two years , according to chartered surveyors .
Last month 85% more surveyors reported an increase , rather than a decrease , in instructions to sell homes .
The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( RICS ) said the forthcoming election had contributed to the rise .
Sarah Speirs , deputy director of RICS Scotland , said many vendors were eager to sell amid " political uncertainty . "
In February , just 11% of surveyors reported an increase rather than decrease in house sale instructions .
New buyer enquiries have also risen ,
with 45% more surveyors reporting an increase in March compared to 17% the previous month .
However , the RICS UK Housing Market survey also revealed the second decrease in the number of chartered surveyors recording a growth in house prices since September .
Last month 31% of chartered surveyors said there had been an increase , compared to 36% in February this year .
A total of 69% said prices had remained the same compared to 64 % in February .
Icy weather was blamed for a blip in house-buying after the number of surveyors recording a rise in January dropped for the first time since September .
ChrisHighton , from Allied Surveyors Scotland in Selkirk , said there appeared to be a pick-up , although it was still " early days . "
" Sellers are coming into the market in increasing numbers
and we are also seeing significant levels of purchaser activity " , he said .
Closing dates Anthony Perriam , of Rettie and Co in Edinburgh , said closing dates with competing offers were occurring in around 15-20% of transactions .
He added :
" The market is very evidently supply starved " .
Ms Speirs said spring was a time when the number of properties going on the market usually increased .
But with the general election approaching and " uncertainty growing " over the political direction of the country ,
many vendors were now eager to sell , she said .
She added :
" With stocks increasing and sales decreasing we may see some modest price falls although at the moment ,
Scotland is continuing to perform well " .
These are the ' diet ' boxer shorts chubby chaps have been waiting for  the male version of Bridget Jones 's magic knickers .
The 10 Bodysculpt Trunks from Asda have been dubbed Manx , after the trimming female underwear brand Spanx .
Described as the ' boxer short diet , ' the pants claim to lift and firm flabby backsides , suck in beer bellies and smooth away love handles .
Control underwear is a wardrobe essential for many women ,
and was famously worn by Rene Zellweger in the film Bridget Jones 's Diary .
Male underpants have come a long way from the traditional Y-front ,
though wearing the latest creation , which is pulled up over the ribcage , may not prove practical for many .
They are likely to inspire curious looks in the locker room ,
and many women will find them something of a passion-killer .
Asda spent a year developing the high-waisted trunk , which has hidden ' control areas ' to create a streamlined silhouette .
The supermarket says the technology is split into three main areas , and makes use of fabric  comprised of 85percent polyamide ( a type of nylon ) and 15percent elastane ( the generic non-brand name for Lycra )  that compresses flabby areas .
A double-knitted panel around the waist flattens and shapes stomachs , and also provides lumbar support .
There is a side panel running from the waist down the thigh to compress love-handles and shape thighs .
The panel also lifts and smooths the backside .
Together this gives the pants the ability to squeeze and cup men 's wobbly areas into place , creating a firmer body shape .
They also have an anti-microbial application  making them ' pong proof ' 
and ventilated panels to help the wearer keep cool .
The trunks are claimed to support the lower back , with nine out of ten men who tested them in agreement .
Asda label George first gave men a taste for figure-hugging underwear in 2009 with the launch of its Bodysculpt Vest , popularly known as the moob tube .
Heather Moreton , men 's clothes manager for Asda , said :
' The success of the George moob tube opened British men 's eyes to the world of body-shaping underwear .
' We know some guys worry about unmanageable body wobbles just as much as women do ,
so why not offer them a little helping hand to look their best too ? '
We 're delighted to answer the demand .
The Manx will help men look and feel great ' .
Dom Roycroft , 37 , from Ipswich , who took part in trials of the underwear , said :
' I know I carry a few more pounds than I should ,
and these trunks are a cheat to a better body .
They are ideal if I want to wear a tight T-shirt and jeans or look good in a suit for work or a wedding .
The best thing about them is no one has to know you 're wearing them .
' Research by the supermarket found that 60percent of female shoppers said their husband or boyfriend carried excess weight around the stomach area .
Of these , half said they would like their partner to take action to change their bodies .
Clothing that controls the body shape first appeared in the US , becoming popular with the Spanx pants launched in 2000 .
It has since spread to the UK .
One in ten British women have worn ' shapewear ' to improve their figure or physique , according to market researchers Mintel .
The market for men is still relatively new ,
although early sales suggest there is high demand .
When Asda launched its Bodysculpt Vest the initial batch sold out in just four minutes .
Marks&amp;Spencer has a similar vest to flatten ' man boobs . '
The store last year also launched a 15 pair of backside-lift pants .
Unlike the pants by Asda , the M&amp;S product didn't also squeeze in stomachs and thighs .
Asda 's Bodysculpt trunks , in white , are available on George.com for 10 a pair .
A black version will be available from next month .
Remarks of Senator Barack Obama :
The Great Need of the Hour Atlanta , GA January 20 , 2008
The Scripture tells us that when Joshua and the Israelites arrived at the gates of Jericho , they could not enter .
The walls of the city were too steep for any one person to climb ; too strong to be taken down with brute force .
And so they sat for days , unable to pass on through .
But God had a plan for his people .
He told them to stand together and march together around the city ,
and on the seventh day he told them that when they heard the sound of the ram 's horn ,
they should speak with one voice .
And at the chosen hour , when the horn sounded and a chorus of voices cried out together ,
the mighty walls of Jericho came tumbling down .
There are many lessons to take from this passage ,
just as there are many lessons to take from this day ,
just as there are many memories that fill the space of this church .
As I was thinking about which ones we need to remember at this hour , my mind went back to the very beginning of the modern Civil Rights Era .
Because before Memphis and the mountaintop ;
before the bridge in Selma and the march on Washington ;
before Birmingham and the beatings ;
the fire hoses and the loss of those four little girls ;
before there was King the icon and his magnificent dream ,
there was King the young preacher and a people who found themselves suffering under the yoke of oppression .
And on the eve of the bus boycotts in Montgomery ,
at a time when many were still doubtful about the possibilities of change ,
a time when those in the black community mistrusted themselves ,
and at times mistrusted each other ,
King inspired with words not of anger , but of an urgency that still speaks to us today :
" Unity is the great need of the hour " is what King said .
Unity is how we shall overcome .
What Dr . King understood is that if just one person chose to walk instead of ride the bus ,
those walls of oppression would not be moved .
But maybe if a few more walked , the foundation might start to shake .
If a few more women were willing to do what Rosa Parks had done , maybe the cracks would start to show .
If teenagers took freedom rides from North to South , maybe a few bricks would come loose .
Maybe if white folks marched because they had come to understand that their freedom too was at stake in the impending battle ,
the wall would begin to sway .
And if enough Americans were awakened to the injustice ;
if they joined together , North and South , rich and poor , Christian and Jew ,
then perhaps that wall would come tumbling down ,
and justice would flow like water , and righteousness like a mighty stream .
Unity is the great need of the hour - the great need of this hour .
Not because it sounds pleasant or because it makes us feel good ,
but because it's the only way we can overcome the essential deficit that exists in this country .
I 'm not talking about a budget deficit . I 'm not talking about a trade deficit .
I 'm not talking about a deficit of good ideas or new plans .
I 'm talking about a moral deficit .
I 'm talking about an empathy deficit . I'm taking about an inability to recognize ourselves in one another ;
that , in the words of Dr . King , we are all tied together in a single garment of destiny .
We have an empathy deficit when we 're still sending our children down corridors of shame - schools in the forgotten corners of America where the color of your skin still affects the content of your education .
We have a deficit when CEOs are making more in ten minutes than some workers make in ten months ; when families lose their homes so that lenders make a profit ; when mothers can't afford a doctor when their children get sick .
We have a deficit in this country when there is Scooter Libby justice for some and Jena justice for others ; when our children see nooses hanging from a schoolyard tree today , in the present , in the twenty-first century .
We have a deficit when homeless veterans sleep on the streets of our cities ; when innocents are slaughtered in the deserts of Darfur ; when young Americans serve tour after tour of duty in a war that should 've never been authorized and never been waged .
And we have a deficit when it takes a breach in our levees to reveal a breach in our compassion ; when it takes a terrible storm to reveal the hungry that God calls on us to feed ; the sick He calls on us to care for ; the least of these He commands that we treat as our own .
So we have a deficit to close .
We have walls - barriers to justice and equality - that must come down .
And to do this , we know that unity is the great need of this hour .
Unfortunately , all too often when we talk about unity in this country ,
we 've come to believe that it can be purchased on the cheap .
We 've come to believe that racial reconciliation can come easily -
that it 's just a matter of a few ignorant people trapped in the prejudices of the past ,
and that if the demagogues and those who exploit our racial divisions will simply go away ,
then all our problems would be solved .
All too often , we seek to ignore the profound institutional barriers that stand in the way of ensuring opportunity for all children , or decent jobs for all people , or health care for those who are sick .
We long for unity , but are unwilling to pay the price .
But of course , true unity cannot be so easily won .
It starts with a change in attitudes - a broadening of our minds , and a broadening of our hearts .
It 's not easy to stand in somebody else's shoes .
It 's not easy to see past our differences .
We 've all encountered this in our own lives .
But what makes it even more difficult is that we have a politics in this country that seeks to drive us apart - that puts up walls between us .
We are told that those who differ from us on a few things are different from us on all things ;
that our problems are the fault of those who don't think like us or look like us or come from where we do .
The welfare queen is taking our tax money .
The immigrant is taking our jobs .
The believer condemns the non-believer as immoral ,
and the non-believer chides the believer as intolerant .
For most of this country 's history ,
we in the African-American community have been at the receiving end of man's inhumanity to man .
And all of us understand intimately the insidious role that race still sometimes plays -
on the job , in the schools , in our health care system , and in our criminal justice system .
And yet , if we are honest with ourselves ,
we must admit that none of our hands are entirely clean .
If we 're honest with ourselves , we 'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to King 's vision of a beloved community .
We have scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them .
The scourge of anti-Semitism has , at times , revealed itself in our community .
For too long , some of us have seen immigrants as competitors for jobs instead of companions in the fight for opportunity .
Every day , our politics fuels and exploits this kind of division across all races and regions ;
across gender and party .
It is played out on television . It is sensationalized by the media .
And last week , it even crept into the campaign for President , with charges and counter-charges that served to obscure the issues instead of illuminating the critical choices we face as a nation .
So let us say that on this day of all days ,
each of us carries with us the task of changing our hearts and minds .
The division , the stereotypes , the scape-goating , the ease with which we blame our plight on others -
all of this distracts us from the common challenges we face - war and poverty ; injustice and inequality .
We can no longer afford to build ourselves up by tearing someone else down .
We can no longer afford to traffic in lies or fear or hate .
It is the poison that we must purge from our politics ;
the wall that we must tear down before the hour grows too late .
Because if Dr . King could love his jailor ;
if he could call on the faithful who once sat where you do to forgive those who set dogs and fire hoses upon them ,
then surely we can look past what divides us in our time ,
and bind up our wounds ,
and erase the empathy deficit that exists in our hearts .
But if changing our hearts and minds is the first critical step , we cannot stop there .
It is not enough to bemoan the plight of poor children in this country and remain unwilling to push our elected officials to provide the resources to fix our schools .
It is not enough to decry the disparities of health care and yet allow the insurance companies and the drug companies to block much-needed reforms .
It is not enough for us to abhor the costs of a misguided war , and yet allow ourselves to be driven by a politics of fear that sees the threat of attack as way to scare up votes 
instead of a call to come together around a common effort .
The Scripture tells us that we are judged not just by word , but by deed .
And if we are to truly bring about the unity that is so crucial in this time ,
we must find it within ourselves to act on what we know ;
to understand that living up to this country 's ideals and its possibilities will require great effort and resources ; sacrifice and stamina .
And that is what is at stake in the great political debate we are having today .
The changes that are needed are not just a matter of tinkering at the edges ,
and they will not come if politicians simply tell us what we want to hear .
All of us will be called upon to make some sacrifice .
None of us will be exempt from responsibility .
We will have to fight to fix our schools ,
but we will also have to challenge ourselves to be better parents .
We will have to confront the biases in our criminal justice system ,
but we will also have to acknowledge the deep-seated violence that still resides in our own communities
and marshal the will to break its grip .
That is how we will bring about the change we seek .
That is how Dr . King led this country through the wilderness .
He did it with words - words that he spoke not just to the children of slaves , but the children of slave owners .
Words that inspired not just black but also white ; not just the Christian but the Jew ; not just the Southerner but also the Northerner .
He led with words , but he also led with deeds . He also led by example .
He led by marching and going to jail and suffering threats and being away from his family .
He led by taking a stand against a war , knowing full well that it would diminish his popularity .
He led by challenging our economic structures , understanding that it would cause discomfort .
Dr . King understood that unity cannot be won on the cheap ;
that we would have to earn it through great effort and determination .
That is the unity - the hard-earned unity - that we need right now .
It is that effort , and that determination , that can transform blind optimism into hope -
the hope to imagine , and work for , and fight for what seemed impossible before .
The stories that give me such hope don't happen in the spotlight .
They don't happen on the presidential stage .
They happen in the quiet corners of our lives .
They happen in the moments we least expect .
Let me give you an example of one of those stories .
There is a young , twenty-three year old white woman named Ashley Baia who organizes for our campaign in Florence , South Carolina .
She 's been working to organize a mostly African-American community since the beginning of this campaign ,
and the other day she was at a roundtable discussion where everyone went around telling their story and why they were there .
And Ashley said that when she was nine years old , her mother got cancer .
And because she had to miss days of work ,
she was let go and lost her health care .
They had to file for bankruptcy ,
and that 's when Ashley decided that she had to do something to help her mom .
She knew that food was one of their most expensive costs ,
and so Ashley convinced her mother that what she really liked and really wanted to eat more than anything else was mustard and relish sandwiches .
Because that was the cheapest way to eat .
She did this for a year until her mom got better ,
and she told everyone at the roundtable that the reason she joined our campaign was so that she could help the millions of other children in the country who want and need to help their parents too .
So Ashley finishes her story and then goes around the room and asks everyone else why they 're supporting the campaign .
They all have different stories and reasons . Many bring up a specific issue .
And finally they come to this elderly black man who 's been sitting there quietly the entire time .
And Ashley asks him why he 's there .
And he does not bring up a specific issue .
He does not say health care or the economy .
He does not say education or the war .
He does not say that he was there because of Barack Obama .
He simply says to everyone in the room ,
" I am here because of Ashley " .
By itself , that single moment of recognition between that young white girl and that old black man is not enough .
It is not enough to give health care to the sick , or jobs to the jobless , or education to our children .
But it is where we begin .
It is why the walls in that room began to crack and shake .
And if they can shake in that room , they can shake in Atlanta .
And if they can shake in Atlanta , they can shake in Georgia .
And if they can shake in Georgia , they can shake all across America .
And if enough of our voices join together ;
we can bring those walls tumbling down .
The walls of Jericho can finally come tumbling down .
That is our hope -
but only if we pray together , and work together , and march together .
Brothers and sisters , we cannot walk alone .
In the struggle for peace and justice , we cannot walk alone .
In the struggle for opportunity and equality , we cannot walk alone .
In the struggle to heal this nation and repair this world , we cannot walk alone .
So I ask you to walk with me , and march with me , and join your voice with mine ,
and together we will sing the song that tears down the walls that divide us ,
and lift up an America that is truly indivisible , with liberty , and justice , for all .
May God bless the memory of the great pastor of this church ,
and may God bless the United States of America .
Dust and gas envelop a cluster of massive stars called Pismis 24 in a new picture of a nebula in the constellation Scorpius by the European Southern Observatory .
Radiation from the huge stars is carving the nebula into unusual shapes .
Released April 12 , 2010 , by the European Southern Observatory , the visible-light picture offers a new view of Pismis 24 ,
home to stars that are each more than a hundred times as massive as the sun .
Published April 14 , 2010 Mars Gullies in Motion
Image courtesy NASA /JPL / University of Arizona
These gullies in a Martian crater might be proof that the red planet has liquid water currently flowing on its surface , scientists said in a paper published March 26 , 2010 .
The gullies in Russell Crater seen above in a 2008 picture from the HiRISE camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter
end abruptly rather than forming fans , as would be expected if the gullies had been made by dry material flowing downhill .
The gullies were also seen to grow over time .
Scientists think the best explanation for the gullies is that seasonal melting of nearby water ice creates slurries of sand and liquid water , which flow down the crater 's dunes .
Published April 14 , 2010 Satellite's Fire and Ice Photograph by Stephanie Corvaja , ESA
Sometimes it takes a little fire to crack the code of Earth ' s ice .
Europe ' s first space mission to study terrestrial ice got an explosive start on April 8 , when a rocket (picture) launched the European Space Agency 's CryoSat-2 satellite from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
The original CryoSat had been lost in 2005 , when a rocket failure caused the satellite to crash into the sea during launch .
The project is intended to precisely measure the changing thicknesses of sea ice and ice sheets to monitor how they 're responding to global warming .
Published April 14 , 2010 Imperfect Spiral Image courtesy NASA , ESA and the Hubble Heritage ( STScI/AURA)- ESA/Hubble Collaboration
The largest member of the Leo Triplet , the galaxy known as Messier 66 shows off its unusual asymmetry in striking detail in a new picture from the NASA /ESA Hubble Space Telescope released April 8 , 2010 .
The galactic trio is close enough to interact ,
and astronomers think the gravitational pulls of the other two Leo galaxies are deforming the classic spiral of M66 .
Unlike other spiral galaxies , including our own Milky Way , M66 has mismatched arms ,
and the galaxy 's central core has been displaced .
Published April 14 , 2010 Cracked Crust
Image courtesy NASA /JPL / University of Arizona
Shifted due to centuries of seismic pressures , rock layers near Mars 's equator lie cracked and out of whack in a high-resolution satellite picture released April 7 , 2010 .
Captured by the HiRISE camera aboard NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter on March 1 ,
the bold stripes of the various layers make it easy for scientists to gauge just how far the crust has been offset at each fault .
Published April 14 , 2010
A Crowded World
Researchers use computer scenarios to study crowd behavior in time and space By Diane Banegas
Everyday , all over the world , people assemble peacefully into crowds at places such as shopping malls , sporting events , concerts and tourist sites --
but crowds can shift from peaceful to unruly , even riotous , in just a few minutes given the right conditions .
The factors that cause a " charged " crowd to reach a " tipping point " and erupt into violence are not well understood by scientists .
because crowd behavior is so difficult to study .
No one wants to incite a riot for the sake of science and surveys of individuals about their behavior as part of a crowd have not been that reliable .
" Crowds are complex , adaptive systems that may seem chaotic but have an underlying order " ,
said Paul Torrens , associate professor in the School of Geographical Sciences at Arizona State University , and director of its Geosimulation Laboratory .
" They self-assemble in time and space and exhibit geometric patterns based on layer upon layer of human-to-human and human-to-environment interactions .
They are almost impossible to model realistically " .
But that is exactly what he and his colleagues are intent on doing .
Torrens and his research team , with funding from the National Science Foundation ( NSF , ) are developing a synthetic laboratory populated with thousands of artificial agents ,
to experiment with ideas and theories about crowd behavior and dynamics that would otherwise be impenetrable to academic inquiry .
Of special interest are the geographic processes that occur for a crowd to become charged and then cross over the tipping point into a full-blown riot .
" People interact over space and time-- socially , physically , verbally , and , increasingly , digitally--with each other ,
within groups and between factions to cooperate and conflict in seditious crowds " , Torrens said .
" We model riot dynamics from the bottom-up , at the geography of individual crowd participants " .
Each artificial agent in the synthetic laboratory possesses a " brain " that allows it to function as a distinctive individual within the broader group framework .
Researchers can record and analyze each agent 's behavior , activity , social and anti-social interactions ,
and explore how those behaviors adapt as conditions unfold .
These simulations permit model-users to modify the spaces where activity will take place ,
adapt agent behaviors and shift agendas to replicate a broad range of social and environmental conditions .
They also provide different perspectives ,
so the researcher can watch the scenario from above or be immersed into it .
One of the most significant findings from scenarios studied in the synthetic laboratory is the rapid exchange of nonverbal information in crowds through expressions , locomotion and individual interaction with other individuals .
Another finding is the phenomenon of " scaling " ,
whereby the actions of a single individual can shape the dynamics of an entire crowd .
For example , an individual 's subtle stop-and-start movement amid panicked crowds caused larger waves , which then washed through the crowd ,
causing further obstructions and ultimately large-scale congestion .
" The actions of a single individual can shape the dynamics of an entire crowd " , he noted .
Torrens believes understanding the small-scale geographies of movement and body language can help identify the behavioral nuances that spark interactions within crowds .
His team is extracting motion-capture data from videos of crowds to hone the agents ' small-scale geographies of movement and body language .
" Every individual in the crowd brings social , environmental , cultural , gender and past-experience influences to the mix " , Torrens said .
" We also know individual behavior can be influenced negatively or positively by the crowd 's collective psychology " .
For example , individuals who would never ordinarily engage in antisocial behavior such as looting might do so anyway when associated with a riotous crowd ;
and , conversely , antisocial individuals may see their bad behavior checked by other members of a well-behaved crowd .
" When I was living in New York ,
I saw a number of individuals engage in antisocial behavior on the subway ,
only to have their behavior be immediately tamped down by the other passengers " , Torrens said .
" Mob mentality can be a positive , peace keeping force ,
but we don't think of it that way
because those are not the incidents that make it onto the evening news " .
When mob mentality goes the other way , with escalating tension and violence , it may be possible to identify shifting patterns and phases in a crowd in the minutes leading up to a tipping point , Torrens believes .
If so , law-enforcement and other officials could be trained to recognize the patterns and counter them with tactics that calm rather than incite the crowd .
" At some future date , we 'd like our model scenarios to be reviewed by police officers who have worked on the ground with crowds for a number of years
to see if their experiences agree with what our models are demonstrating " , Torrens said .
" We think the information exchange would benefit both of us " .
The researchers are also sharing their findings with commercial companies in exchange for modeling software .
" Most software games depict crowds as little more than cardboard cutouts " , Torrens notes .
The designers would love to create more sophisticated depictions .
It would make their games far more realistic .
Ordinarily scientists calibrate a new model with known data ,
but the lack of data made that impossible for Torrens and his colleagues .
To find data to inform their scenarios , they are extracting information from existing videos of crowd behavior ,
taking surveys of their own and using case studies of adults and children-- even animals .
Data from ant farm studies has already found its way into the synthetic laboratory .
With additional NSF funding , they recently launched a study of preschool children to determine how and where they form groups in their school environment .
A panel of observers will track the movement behavior of the kids in space and time .
" We 're trying to extract rules of how they form groups over time " , Torrens said . "
Do they gather around toys , other children or their teachers ?
" The panel will study them all day , every day , for three years . "
It 's a remarkable opportunity
because these children have never been social before ,
so their behavior is completely fresh to the environment .
" In five year 's time , the researchers hope to run a realistic scenario with a cast of thousands in an entire city section .
The results of their research will provide valuable new insights and information for those engaged in crowd control , emergency management and urban planning .
The modeling framework will also be easily adaptable for use by other researchers .
" This research is dramatically transforming the way crowds and the actions of individuals within crowds are studied " , said NSF Program Officer Thomas Baerwald .
In addition to its enormous value for practitioners ,
it is stimulating innovative new lines of inquiry in the social , behavioral and computational sciences .
Have you noticed how most of the Tea Party people were sort of old , while most of the Occupy Wall Street people are fairly young ?
Here's an interesting factoid , from the USA Today : Older people are much much richer than young people .
According to the Pew Research Center , Americans 65 and older are 47 times richer than those 35 and younger .
It makes sense that old people would have more money than young people , because they have been working and saving longer .
But this wealth gap is massive by historical standards .
In 1984 , old people were a mere 10 times richer than young people .
Not only have old people gotten richer since then , but the median net worth of households headed by young people has declined considerably .
Households headed by adults ages 35 and younger had a median net worth of $ 3,662 in 2009 .
That marks a 68 % decline in wealth , compared to that same age group 25 years earlier .
Over the same time frame , households headed by adults ages 65 years and older , have seen just the opposite .
Their wealth rose 42 % to a median of $ 170,494 .
It gets worse , for young people :
" 37 % of the young households held zero or negative net worth in 2009 , up from 19 % in 1984 " .
Boy , so what are all these old people complaining about , so much ?
This growing disparity is the result of a lot of factors , but the most powerful force driving the net worth of young people ever downward is debt .
Lots of young people are , as we have repeatedly noted , graduating college with mountains of student loan debt , and today's job market is not exactly robust .
And many young people who listened to the conventional wisdom and purchased a home have found that to be a poor investment .
Old people who already owned their homes weathered the housing bubble and its collapse largely intact . Home owners 35 and under were and are simply screwed .
To make up for the fact that advertisers and film industry marketers don't care for them , old people instead have the United States Congress , which is made up almost entirely of old people .
For old people , America is practically a European socialist utopia , with single-payer healthcare and everything . It's laissez-faire for the rest of us suckers .
The fact that this gap is getting worse helps explain why so many older Americans don't get it , when the young people complain .
The amount of debt young Americans take on today is way higher than it used to be , the opportunities for class mobility are shrinking .
And the life choices that worked for earlier generations looking to join the middle or upper classes ( college and homeownership ) have largely become massive rip-offs .
With the most recent crash and recession , young people have gone from a generation that worried they'd never be able to afford the homes they grew up in to one that is unable to leave those homes .
( and then they're called shiftless and lazy , ) and the response of the political class has been  austerity for most .
It is the primary argument of the austerity pushers ( and their allies , the deficit hawks ) that young people should give in and accept that " we " can't afford to sustain the fairer society that older Americans enjoyed .
That argument would be more convincing if the current Bad Times were affecting everyone equally , instead of simply the already young and poor .
But every week more data arrives showing that those who made a killing before the house went bust are doing fine , thank you .
Overheard at the dinosaur exhibit in Disney 's Animal Kingdom park :
a confused woman complaining to her friend ,
" How could they possibly know the names of all those dinosaurs if they died 75million years ago ?
And another thing , how do we even know they were called dinosaurs " ?
An artist 's illustration of the Mecca Royal Clock Tower
World 's second-tallest building under construction in Saudi
tower to be topped by world 's largest clock , six times bigger than London 's Big Ben .
DUBAI - An under-construction hotel complex in Saudi Arabia will feature the world 's second-tallest building ,
topped by a clock six times bigger than London ' s Big Ben ,
the hotel 's general manager said Tuesday .
The Mecca Royal Clock Tower will be made up of 662 metres ( 2,171 feet ) of concrete structure and a 155-metre ( 508-foot ) concrete-topped metal spire ,
Mohammed al-Arkubi said at a press conference in Dubai .
Combined , the two parts of the tower in the Muslim holy city of Mecca would be only roughly 11 metres ( 36 feet ) shorter than Dubai 's Burj Khalifa , the world 's tallest tower at 828 metres ( 2,717 feet . )
Even the concrete section of the Mecca Royal Clock Tower would be taller than the current second-tallest building in the world , the 508-meter ( 1,676-foot ) Taipei 101 in Taiwan .
" The first part of the hotel will open at the end of June ,
while the clock will begin operating at the end of July " ,
ahead of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which is expected to begin around August 10 , Arkubi said .
The German-made clock , billed as " the largest in the world " , will have 45-metre ( 147-foot ) wide and 43-metre ( 141-foot ) tall faces on all four sides of the tower , he said .
He added that it will be visible from 17 kilometres ( 10 miles ) away at night and 11 to 12 kilometres ( six to seven miles ) away during the day .
" Putting Mecca time in the face of Greenwich Mean Time , this is the goal " , Arkubi said .
He said the three-billion-dollar , seven-tower complex of hotels , called Abraj al-Bayt Towers ,
will contain 3,000 rooms and suites ,
the majority of which will overlook the Grand Mosque , which Muslims face for daily prayers .
The complex is being constructed by the Bin Laden Group , a giant real estate firm , on behalf of the Saudi government , he said .
The complex will be managed by Fairmont Hotels and Resorts and its revenue will be placed in a " waqf " , or Islamic trust , devoted to the development and maintenance of Muslim holy sites , Arkubi said .
A lesson on mental clutter
from the book Zen Shorts In the children 's book Zen Shorts by Jon Muth ,
a giant panda named Stillwater tells three stories to young siblings Addy , Michael , and Karl .
All of the stories are famous Buddhist teachings ,
and you may be familiar with them even if you haven't seen this beautifully illustrated book .
The third story Stillwater shares with Karl is called " A Heavy Load " and is about two traveling monks .
During their journey , two monks come upon an awful woman who refuses to cross a river because she does not wish to get her silken robes wet or dirty .
The older of the two monks quickly picks up the woman and carries her across the water .
Many hours later , the younger monk is very upset and visibly angry about his friend helping someone so disdainful ,
and he feels obliged to share his frustration with the older monk :
" That woman back there was very selfish and rude ,
but you picked her up on your back and carried her !
Then she didn't even say thank you " !
" I set the woman down hours ago " , the older monk replied .
" Why are you still carrying her " ?
I think of this story whenever I find a dirty cup in our television room or clothing on the floor instead of in the hamper or notice that a co-worker dropped the ball on a small task .
I remind myself that I have two options 
I can be like the young monk and throw a fit and be in a bad mood and let it annoy me for hours ,
or I can be like the older monk and take care of the problem myself and immediately let go of the frustration .
I get to decide if I want the cup or errant sock or unfinished task to clutter up my mind and put me in a bad mood ,
and , since I 'd rather not have that clutter wasting my time and energy ,
I usually choose to be like the older monk .
I 'm not a maid 
and I 'm not suggesting you become one either 
but I get to decide how I 'm going to react to a situation .
Remembering , too , that I don't know the full story behind why the glass or sock are out of place or why a task at work was left unfinished .
For all I know , my co-worker got an important call from a client and had to stop a project mid-way through completion to handle an emergency .
By helping out , instead of getting frustrated and throwing a fit , I 'm making the situation better for myself and others .
I get to choose not to fill my time with more clutter than the small item I encountered .
That said , if there is a persistent habit of other people leaving messes in their wake , a conversation about that behavior is certainly in order .
However , frustrations caused by occasional messes are usually not worth carrying around with you and cluttering up your mind , energy , and emotions .
The Dark Side of Carbon
As interest in Earth 's changing climate heats up , a tiny dark particle is stepping into the limelight : black carbon .
Commonly known as soot , black carbon enters the air when fossil fuels and biofuels , such as coal , wood , and diesel are burned .
Black carbon is found worldwide ,
but its presence and impact are particularly strong in Asia .
Black carbon , a short-lived particle , is in perpetual motion across the globe .
The Tibetan Plateau 's high levels of black carbon likely impact the region 's temperature , clouds and monsoon season .
" I hated level 40 " , she said with a sigh .
It was the first time we 'd spoken in eight years ,
and she had never forgotten the night I spurned her advances in favor of gaining a level in EverQuest .
During the course of my tenure at Kotaku I 've referenced my days in EverQuest on many occasions ,
but I 've never elaborated on what went down back then .
Recent events in my life have brought that period to the fore ,
and I 've decided to share my experience with our readers .
In November of 2000 , my life was going well .
I had a lovely girlfriend , a serviceable vehicle , and a job that paid more than enough for me to survive while catering to my increasingly expensive video game habit .
Within four months , it would all be gone .
Good Intentions At the time I was sharing an apartment with a friend of mine named Dustin .
Dustin was a great guy ,
but he spent his entire downtime sitting in front of his computer , playing a video game called EverQuest .
I had encountered the game before ,
but once the game went live I lost interest .
I just couldn't see myself paying a monthly fee just to play a computer game .
Oh , how things have changed .
Having nothing much else to do at the time , I 'd sit and watch Dustin play .
He 'd explain what his Monk character was doing in the game .
I was a spectator as he progressed , learning to feign death , earning new weapons , and taking on greater challenges as he got closer and closer to the level cap .
So when I was n't spending time with my girlfriend , Emily , I would watch Dustin play .
Or I would tool around on various text-based MUSHes and MOOs online , role-playing with people all over the world .
I 'd been into science fiction , fantasy , and comic books since I was very young ,
so slipping into an imaginary world came easy to me .
Perhaps a little too easy .
Towards the end of 2000 , Emily and I broke up .
The reasoning behind this is far too stupid to delve into
let 's just say we were both young and a bit foolish .
I became depressed , and Dustin had just the thing to cheer me up .
The Scars of Velious expansion for EverQuest came out in December of 2000 .
My roommate , perhaps tired of my moping over my lost love , picked up a copy of the game for me as a Christmas present .
I installed it , created a half-elven Bard , and soon our apartment had two guys in the living room at all hours of the day , faces bathed in the glow of monitors .
Within a week , the game that hadn't affected me at all nearly two years previously had become an important part of my life .
Soon , it would become my life .
If I wasn't asleep or at work , I was playing EverQuest .
The former was becoming a rarity .
I would go into work ,
and I would still hear the sounds of EverQuest orcs in my head .
All I had to do was close my eyes and I was speeding through the Greater Faydark zone , killing pixies and turning in quest items .
In January of 2001 , a man with a tow truck came to my place of employment and took my car away .
I had fallen behind on payments without realizing it ,
and Nissan had decided they wanted my Sentra back .
My first thought as I watched the tow truck drive away was how many hours walking to and from work would take from my EverQuest time .
I worked at a company called FranchiseOpportunities.com , maintaining and creating websites ,
but increasingly my time there was spent either communicating with my EverQuest friends or browsing websites for tips on the best equipment and techniques for grinding experience points and gold .
It was impossible for my co-workers not to notice .
In February of 2001 , Joseph Lunsford , the owner of the company , called me into his office .
" It wasn't an easy decision " ,
Lunsford told me this month when I went to see him and talk to him about the person I used to be .
" You were was amazingly bright .
I was convinced there wasn't anything you couldn't do .
You showed so much promise ,
but your interest in work just fell off .
Projects started taking longer to get done ,
and it was obvious your head wasn't in it .
You left me no choice " .
I was in tears back then .
I felt unbelievably pathetic .
I had no car . I had no job .
Joe had handed me my last paycheck and about $ 120 he had in his wallet , and sent me on my way .
I took a taxi home , broke the news to my roommates ( we had moved into a three-bedroom to split the bills three ways , ) went into my bedroom , started up EverQuest , and forgot about everything .
According to Dr. Hilarie Cash , the executive director of the reSTART internet and gaming addition recovery program and co-author of the book " Video Games &amp; Your Kids : How Parents Stay in Control , "
retreating inside a video game to avoid real world problems is a common cause of " video game addiction " .
" I would definitely call it video game addiction , which is a subset of internet addiction .
Many of the things [ you ] described to me are typical of a video game addict ,
particularly the way that real life shrinks away for the addict , living more and more in the virtual world " .
And that 's exactly what I was doing .
I had been a confident and outgoing young man who enjoyed hanging out with my friends , spending hours chatting about absolutely nothing while smoking cigarettes and drinking countless cups of Waffle House Coffee .
Now my social dealings involved helping online friends camp a rare monster spawn , or discussing class balance on my guild 's chat channel .
Going outside was only necessary when I ran out of smokes or beverages .
I lived off $. 30 pot pies from Wal-Mart and cheap bags of rice .
I was taking care of my most essential needs , but only barely .
Often times I would fall asleep in my chair in front of my computer with EverQuest running , waking up hours later to start the cycle all over again .
Even now my memories of the period are a blur of Oasis runs , power leveling , and experience grinding .
My mother remembers those days much more vividly .
" Mike was unavailable for most of that period " , she recalled recently .
" There was no way to contact him , except to do a ' drive by ' preferably with a bag of groceries in the back seat .
I remember trying to talk to him .
Such a fine mind and wild sense of humor ;
all covered up and hidden deep inside again .
He listened half-heartedly and was easy to anger .
He was going down fast , even to the point of telling how it really was and not just what you wanted to hear " .
Hearing her talk about it now , I can barely believe it had gotten so bad ,
but I tend to hold on to positive memories more than the negative ones .
Like the day Emily came back .
Brief Hope It was three months after I was fired that Emily decided to give us another chance .
I wasn't the same man she had been with before .
I was relatively skinny , and my hair had grown ridiculously long .
As we lay curled up in bed one evening she commented on how my belly had disappeared , which tickled me to no end .
It seems perverse to me now .
It wasn't as if I had been dieting or exercising .
My existence slowly started gaining some semblance of a real life again .
Emily went out one afternoon and brought me a stack of job applications , which motivated me to go out , get my hair cut , and go to my first job interview at a Fast Signs down the street .
Looking slightly more human and feeling more alive than I had in months ,
I got the job on the spot .
It was amazing how fast things had turned around .
Unfortunately , it wouldn't last .
In an odd twist ,
my EverQuest friends were now worried about me .
I hadn't been around ,
and they missed my sense of humor and my enthusiasm .
My ability to twist four Bard songs at a time didn't hurt either .
These people needed me .
I was important to them , and I couldn't let them down .
Looking back , I can't believe I missed the irony there .
So I started playing EverQuest again .
At first it was only on the nights that Emily couldn't make it over ,
but soon I was back to my regular play schedule every waking hour .
I was regularly late to work ,
and called in sick at least once every two weeks so I could stay home and play .
Then came that fateful night .
The woman I had once told was the love of my life was sitting undressed in my bed not a foot away from my computer desk , begging me to join her ,
and I kept putting it off .
I was so close to level 40 I could taste it .
I was in the Dreadlands , kiting large enemies back and forth , killing them slowly with my Bard songs .
I still remember the urgency I felt , along with the annoyance that this woman was trying to keep me from reaching my goal .
Couldn't she understand how important this was to me ?
She had certainly tried .
" Back then I just figured I was dating a gamer ,
and that 's how it was going to be " , she said to me recently .
" I hadn't dated many guys at that point ,
and my older brother was the same way .
He worked , came home , and played video games " .
Eight years later it became obvious that my lack of attention toward her weighed far more heavily than either of us had suspected .
One morning in late September of 2001 , I called my job and quit .
Whatever justification I had for this at the time doesn't matter .
The reason I quit was because I was tired of making excuses for being late ,
and I just wanted to play EverQuest .
Emily and I had grown further apart .
During my time at Fast Signs I purchased an old car from my sister ,
only to discover I couldn't get insurance for it due to my driver 's license being suspended over a previous ticket ,
ironically issued for driving without insurance .
Rather than actively working to fix the problem ,
I slipped deeper into depression .
I would let Emily take the car , driving it with a " TAG APPLIED FOR " plate on the back ,
but wouldn't go anywhere with her for fear of being pulled over and sent to jail .
Instead , I would stay home and play EverQuest .
The last time I would see her  until 2009 was two days before her birthday in early October .
I had let her take the car to her party , but refused to go with her .
She reacted by keeping my car for two days without contacting me .
I responded by telling her to return the car and the keys and get out of my life .
She did just that .
And I kept playing .
A New Beginning
December rolled around again , one year after I had taken my first steps into EverQuest 's world of Norrath ,
and I had completely changed .
I went from being a strong independent person to a gaunt , unshaven , unshowered recluse , completely withdrawn from the outside world .
My roommate , once one of my greatest friends , was threatening to throw me out of the apartment if I didn't find a job .
But I had absolutely no motivation .
The only time I left my dwelling was to scavenge for food at my parents ' house , or to grab a quick shower ,
as our apartment 's hot water had been turned off .
I remember feeling like a ghost , drifting through the waking world unnoticed .
Luckily for me , my mother was looking out for me as best she could .
" He didn't look like Mike anymore " , she remembers now .
" He was scary and pitiful .
I was afraid he was suicidal or dying of some mysterious disease .
It broke my heart
and I knew that coming home and taking the pressure off would be the best medicine for him " .
And so on January 1st , 2002 , at the age of 28 , I moved back in with my parents .
It wasn't an instant cure for my addiction 
as soon as I convinced them to let me order DSL I was back online again 
but something had changed .
I started spending more time hanging out with my parents and less time sitting in my computer chair staring at little computer people doing little computer things .
I had responsibilities .
I had a support system .
I had a stable platform to launch myself from instead of the quicksand I felt I had been standing in before .
Within two months I had found myself a job at a local gas station .
Later that year I started speaking with Joe Lunsford again , proving myself through contract work until he decided to hire me on again in 2003 .
So I once again had a job , a girlfriend , and eventually my own apartment , sans roommates .
That 's where I was in 2006 , when Brian Crecente contacted me and asked me if I wanted to write for Kotaku .
That 's where I am now .
It would be easy for me to pin my problems on EverQuest , and society in general would accept it without question .
I could say I fell prey to an addictive video game that nearly ruined my life ,
but I would know that wasn't the case .
I ran from my problems , hiding away in a virtual fantasy world instead of confronting the issues .
that might have been easily resolved if I had addressed them directly .
As far as I am concerned , the only thing Sony Online Entertainment is guilty of is creating a damn good hiding place .
It was my responsibility to control how much I played ,
and the SOE spokesperson I contacted regarding my story agrees .
" EverQuest is a game " , the Sony Online rep told me .
" The majority of the hundreds of thousands of subscribers play the game in moderation enjoying the gameplay as well as the community interaction the game provides .
As with any form of entertainment , it is the responsibility of each individual player to monitor his or her own playing habits and prioritize his or her time as necessary .
It is not our place to monitor or limit how individuals spend their free time " .
Dr. Hilarie Cash agrees as well ,
though she suspects that game developers are actively engaged in trying to make their games more addictive .
" Some blame can be laid at the feet of developers , making a conscious effort to make their games more addictive .
It 's analogous to the tobacco industry , trying to make tobacco more addictive .
It works to their benefit .
That having been said , it 's up to the individual to take responsibility for how they play " .
During our conversation , Dr . Cash also likened gaming to gambling .
Some people can walk into a casino , lose $ 5 , and call it quits .
You have to know your own limits ,
and be conscious enough of them to know when you are in danger of going too far .
My own solution to my potential for MMO addiction is rather simple .
I 've managed to turn a habit that once interrupted my work into something I actively have to do for work .
It 's no longer escapism if I am doing my job .
Perhaps I am fooling myself ,
but if I am going to be that gullible I might as well take advantage .
As for Emily , she 's sitting behind me as I type this , playing Peggle .
I 'd ask her to come to bed ,
but I know how important getting to that next level can be .
HELLO ?
Twitter Consider the last mobile mile conquered , judging from the technology developed by theIndian startup VNL .
Its solar-powered global-satellite-mobile ( GSM) system is cheap ( about $ 15,000 , one-quarter the cost of traditional base stations , )
green ( it requires only as much energy as a 50-watt lightbulb and produces zero emissions , )
and efficient ( in six hours , the equipment can be assembled onto a home rooftop , no tech expertise required , and provide service to 2,000 users within a 2-mile radius . )
VNL has successfully deployed pilot projects in rural Indian villages ,
and last December , the World Economic Forum named it a Technology Pioneer for 2010 .
Next up :
Africa , where two telecom companies will begin rolling out VNL 's system this year .
Do you wrinkle your nose at friction slabs like you would a steaming plate of brussels sprouts ?
Do you disdain these low-angle inclines as the playground of bumbling neophytes ?
Or does the thought of long runouts and meager holds leave you trembling like a child beset by nightmares ?
These tips will help you master slabby routes , which can be every bit as challenging and rewarding as the steepest pumpfests .
Relax , damnit !
Don't let panic take over when the jugs disappear and the next bolt seems a mile away .
Stay focused ,
regulate your breathing ,
and don't let your doubting mind make the rock appear steeper than it actually is .
Secured by a toprope , the second will often cruise a pitch which the leader  drenched in sweat and legs a-jiggle  has just barely scrapped up .
Footwork is everything .
Keep your center of gravity over your feet .
Friction is your friend ,
and distributing the weight of your hips and shoulders over your sticky rubber will help your feet adhere to even the smallest dimple .
Choose your footholds more deliberately than your handholds , scanning for the lowest-angle features , which are often found in shallow dishes or atop sloping bulges .
Avoid the temptation to edge , even on small pimples  edging decreases the amount of shoe rubber in contact with the stone .
Rather , point your foot straight into the rock , allowing your toes to bend upward as you smear with the entire ball of your foot .
Your heels should drop slightly , which will relax your calves , increase your rock-to-rubber ratio , and ward off the much-feared " Elvis leg " .
Don't overreach .
An upright posture with your head away from the rock allows you to scan for subtle flaws .
On blanker slabs , your hands are used primarily for balance and , like your feet , can be smeared against the stone .
If you find an actual handhold , focus on keeping your elbow close to your side and your chest out from the rock ,
so you can see your feet .
Use holds that are at or below shoulder height .
If a good hold tempts from above ,
keep your composure and use intermediates until you reach it .
This avoids the inefficient stretch maneuver , which can draw your upper body too close to the rock and cause your feet to skate .
Similarly , avoid high-stepping , which can throw off your balance .
Instead , take baby steps on intermediate holds to link together the good feet .
Plan your fall .
To minimize the risk of entangling yourself in the rope in a fall , always keep it on the side closest to your belayer ,
and never between your legs .
If you do come off , push away from the rock to minimize the dreaded " cheese grater " effect
( the rock abrading your skin when you slide down . )
Practice in safety .
These techniques are best tested at the safety of your local boulders , not 80 feet out on some Tuolumne Meadows horror show .
Find a low-angle slab with good footholds and practice climbing it sans hands , both up and down .
Enlarge Technique is everything 
try to muscle your way up a slab and you 'll soon be cheese-gratering off !
Is the Freemium Model ( Still ) Viable for Startups ?
yesterday , new Ning CEO Jason Rosenthal wrote that " When I became CEO 30 days ago , I told you I would take a hard look at our business .
This process has brought real clarity to what 's working , what 's not , and what we need to do now to make Ning a big success " .
With that , he announced Ning would be abandoning its longstanding business model and discontinuing non-paying sites on its network .
In light of this , is it time to reevaluate and reign in some of the excitement about the freemium model for startups ?
Offering free services for a product alongside premium fees for advanced or special features - the freemium - has been touted as a promising business model for startups for several years now :
through word of mouth , referral networks , organic search marketing , etc ,
then offer premium priced value-added services or an enhanced version of your service to your customer base " .
The Freemium Summit in San Francisco last month featured many companies who 've been able to leverage the freemium model to great success , including Evernote , Pandora , and Dropbox . A recent New York Times article predicts Pandora could reach $ 100million in revenue this year .
Finding the balance between what to offer for free and what to charge for is not easy .
The trick is to put enough in the free version to get traffic and usage ,
but not so much that there is no incentive to upgrade .
Companies who use the freemium model need to integrate their free service or product into someone 's routine so fully that users reach the point where they feel they simply must pay .
In yesterday 's press release , Ning noted that 75% of its users do pay for some sort of premium service .
It may well be then that Ning 's announcements are less a reflection on the freemium model than on the company itself .
Despite over $ 120million in VC funding ,
Ning has been unable to develop a sustainable business .
Yesterday 's announcement about the end to free Nings was accompanied with news that 40% of their staff would lose their jobs - an indication perhaps that the company's overhead was simply too high .
Nevertheless , the news may serve as a cautionary tale for those startups who think the freemium model guarantees success .
German prosecutors uncover suspicious international money trail By Stephen Foley in New York Hewlett-Packard , the world 's largest computer manufacturer , faces allegations that it secretly paid millions of euros to secure a contract in Russia  from the very organisation that investigates bribery and corruption .
German authorities are following an international money trail that has reportedly taken in the US , the UK , the British Virgin Islands and Belize , among other places , after turning up suspicious cash transfers through a small company in the German state of Saxony .
The investigation has centred on a  35m contract to supply computer services and hardware to the office of the Russian prosecutor general .
On Wednesday , Russian investigators raided HP 's offices in Moscow , following a request from Germany .
German authorities say they have targeted nine suspects , including former staff at HP .
" The case came to light here " , a spokesman for the prosecutors ' office in Dresden said .
" The suspicion is that  8m in kickback payments were made " .
HP confirmed that an investigation was under way , but would not discuss specific allegations .
" This is an investigation of alleged conduct that occurred almost seven years ago , largely by employees no longer with HP " , the company said in a statement .
" We are co-operating fully with the German and Russian authorities and will continue to conduct our own internal investigation " .
The unidentified suspects are under investigation for possible breach of trust , tax evasion and bribery of foreign officials , according to the prosecutors ' office .
The office is awaiting documents seized in the searches in Moscow before deciding its next move .
HP became aware of the German investigation four months ago , when its premises in the southern town of Boeblingen and in Munich were searched and arrests were made in Germany and Switzerland .
Those arrested included three former HP executives .
No charges have been brought .
Reports yesterday , citing legal filings , show that investigators have followed a money trail through an international network of shell companies and bank accounts in more than half a dozen countries .
The HP case is the latest corruption investigation involving multinational companies in Germany .
The car maker Daimler last month agreed to pay $ 185m to settle US charges that it bribed foreign officials , including in Russia , handing over money and gifts to win contracts .
HP is yet to make a formal disclosure of the investigation in a report to shareholders .
As a company with operations in the US , it could also face fines and prosecution in the US under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act .
What's expected of us It's a tough choice
Ted Chiang
This is a warning .
Please read carefully .
By now you've probably seen a Predictor ; millions of them have been sold by the time you're reading this .
For those who haven't seen one , it is a small device , like a remote for opening your car door .
Its only features are a button and a big green LED .
The light flashes if you press the button .
Specifically , the light flashes one second before you press the button .
Most people say that when they first try it , it feels like they're playing a strange game , one where the goal is to press the button after seeing the flash , and it's easy to play .
But when you try to break the rules , you find that you can't .
If you try to press the button without having seen a flash , the flash immediately appears , and no matter how fast you move , you never push the button until a second has elapsed .
If you wait for the flash , intending to keep from pressing the button afterwards , the flash never appears .
No matter what you do , the light always precedes the button press . There is no way to fool a Predictor .
The heart of each Predictor is a circuit with a negative time delay  it sends a signal back in time .
The full implications of the technology will become apparent later , when negative delays of greater than a second are achieved , but that's not what this warning is about .
The immediate problem is that Predictors demonstrate that there's no such thing as free will .
There have always been arguments showing that free will is an illusion , some based on hard physics , others based on pure logic .
Most people agree these arguments are irrefutable , but no one ever really accepts the conclusion .
The experience of having free will is too powerful for an argument to overrule .
What it takes is a demonstration , and that's what a Predictor provides .
Typically , a person plays with a Predictor compulsively for several days , showing it to friends , trying various schemes to outwit the device .
The person may appear to lose interest in it , but no one can forget what it means  over the following weeks , the implications of an immutable future sink in .
Some people , realizing that their choices don't matter , refuse to make any choices at all .
Like a legion of Bartleby the Scriveners , they no longer engage in spontaneous action .
Eventually , a third of those who play with a Predictor must be hospitalized because they won't feed themselves .
The end state is akinetic mutism , a kind of waking coma .
They'll track motion with their eyes , and change position occasionally , but nothing more .
The ability to move remains , but the motivation is gone .
Before people started playing with Predictors , akinetic mutism was very rare , a result of damage to the anterior cingulate region of the brain .
Now it spreads like a cognitive plague .
People used to speculate about a thought that destroys the thinker , some unspeakable lovecraftian horror , or a Godel sentence that crashes the human logical system .
It turns out that the disabling thought is one that we've all encountered : the idea that free will doesn't exist .
It just wasn't harmful until you believed it .
Doctors try arguing with the patients while they still respond to conversation .
We had all been living happy , active lives before , they reason , and we hadn't had free will then either . Why should anything change ?
" No action you took last month was any more freely chosen than one you take today " , a doctor might say . " You can still behave that way now " .
The patients invariably respond , " But now I know " .
And some of them never say anything again .
Some will argue that the fact the Predictor causes this change in behaviour means that we do have free will .
An automaton cannot become discouraged , only a free-thinking entity can .
The fact that some individuals descend into akinetic mutism whereas others do not just highlights the importance of making a choice .
Unfortunately , such reasoning is faulty : every form of behaviour is compatible with determinism .
One dynamic system might fall into a basin of attraction and wind up at a fixed point , whereas another exhibits chaotic behaviour indefinitely , but both are completely deterministic .
I'm transmitting this warning to you from just over a year in your future :
it's the first lengthy message received when circuits with negative delays in the megasecond range are used to build communication devices .
Other messages will follow , addressing other issues .
My message to you is this :
pretend that you have free will .
It's essential that you behave as if your decisions matter , even though you know that they don't . The reality isn't important :
what's important is your belief , and believing the lie is the only way to avoid a waking coma .
Civilization now depends on self-deception . Perhaps it always has .
And yet I know that , because free will is an illusion , it's all predetermined who will descend into akinetic mutism and who won't .
There's nothing anyone can do about it  you can't choose the effect the Predictor has on you .
Some of you will succumb and some of you won't , and my sending this warning won't alter those proportions .
So why did I do it ?
Because I had no choice .
Which 17 countries have faster Internet connections than the United States ?
See our Internet speed map .
People in the United States basically invented the Internet .
So U.S. connections must be the fastest and cheapest in the world , right ?
Not so much .
Broadband Internet speeds in the United States are only about one-fourth as fast as those in South Korea , the world leader , according to the Internet monitoring firm Akamai .
And , as if to add insult to injury , U.S. Internet connections are more expensive than those in South Korea , too .
The slower connection here in the U.S. costs about $ 45.50 per month on average , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
In South Korea , the much-faster hookup costs $ 17 per month less .
An average broadband bill there runs about $ 28.50.
So why is U.S. Internet so much slower and pricier than broadband connections in South Korea ?
The question is timely , as the U.S. government pushes forward with a " broadband plan "
that aims to speed up connections , reduce costs and increase access to the Internet , especially in rural areas .
The comparison between South Korea and the United States is not perfectly instructive ,
especially since " we probably won't ever be South Korea " , said Robert Faris , research director at Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet &amp; Society .
" The whole political and social climate is so different ,
the geography is different ,
the history is so different " , he said .
" It 's all pretty different " .
With those caveats in mind , here are the five potential reasons U.S. Internet speeds are slower and more expensive than those in South Korea .
This list was gleaned from interviews with broadband experts and from policy papers :
Korean competition Countries with fast , cheap Internet connections tend to have more competition .
In the U.S. , competition among companies that provide broadband connections is relatively slim .
Most people choose between a cable company and a telephone company when they sign up for Internet service .
In other countries , including South Korea , the choices are more varied .
While there isn't good data on how many broadband carriers the average consumer has access to ,
" I think we can infer that South Korea has more competition in broadband than the United States " , Faris said .
" In fact , most countries have more than the United States " .
Some academics , including Yochai Benkler , co-director of the Berkman Center , have criticized the U.S. government 's broadband plan as not doing enough to create the kind of competition that is present in other countries .
In a New York Times editorial , Benkler says competition will reduce costs for broadband consumers .
" Without a major policy shift to increase competition ,
broadband service in the United States will continue to lag far behind the rest of the developed world " , he writes .
Culture and politics
There are stark cultural differences between hyper-connected Korea , where more than 94percent of people have high-speed connections , according to the OECD , and the United States , where only about 65percent of people are plugged into broadband , according to an FCC survey .
The South Korean government has encouraged its citizens to get computers and to hook up to high-speed Internet connections by subsidizing the price of connections for low-income and traditionally unconnected people .
One program , for example , hooked up housewives with broadband and taught them how to make use of the Web in their everyday lives .
Parents in Korea , who tend to place high value on education , see such connections as necessities for their children 's educations , said Rob Atkinson , president of the Information Technology &amp; Innovation Foundation .
These cultural differences mean Korea has a more insatiable demand for fast Internet connections , he said .
That demand , in turn , encourages telecommunications companies to provide those connections .
Faris , of the Berkman Center , said no one society has a stronger appetite for Internet connectivity than another .
Korea 's government simply has whetted that appetite ,
and provided the incentives to make high-speed connections accessible to a large segment of society .
Political culture has more to do with it , he said .
" The United States is a more litigious culture than others ,
and the power of the FCC [ Federal Communications Commission ] to regulate is not as strong here as it is in other countries " ,
which means its less likely that the U.S. will pass policies to promote the growth of ultra-fast broadband .
Open versus closed networks
There is vigorous debate in the telecommunications world about the role " open networks " have in creating fast , cheap Internet connections .
The idea behind an " open " system is essentially that , for a fee , broadband providers must share the cables that carry Internet signals into people 's homes .
Companies that build those lines typically oppose this sharing .
A number of governments , including South Korea and Japan and several European countries , have experimented with or embraced infrastructure-sharing as a way to get new companies to compete in the broadband market .
The U.S. does not require broadband providers to share their lines ,
and some experts cite Korea 's relative openness as one reason the Internet there is so much faster and cheaper than it is here .
The most important thing is that countries create a way for companies to enter the broadband market without having to pay for huge amounts of infrastructure , said Faris .
Population density
South Korea , with more than 1,200 people per square mile , is a lot denser than the United States ,
where 88 people live in the same amount of space , and where rural areas and suburbs are large .
The result for broadband ?
It costs less to set up Internet infrastructure in a tightly populated place filled with high-rise-apartments , such as South Korea , than it does in the United States , where rural homes can be great distances apart .
In both countries , copper wires tend to carry broadband signals from fiber optic cables and into the home .
Data can travel fast on copper wire ,
but it slows down the farther it goes .
In South Korea , that 's usually just from the base of an apartment building to a particular unit .
In the U.S. , copper wire may have to link a home with a fiber optic cable that 's a mile away .
Korea had a plan ..
a decade ago In the 1990s , South Korea set a priority that it would be a highly connected country with a high degree of Internet literacy .
" They made this a priority 10 years ago and they 've really executed on it " , said Atkinson , from ITIF , the Internet policy think tank .
The country is still four to five years ahead of the U.S. when it comes to broadband policy ,
even as the United States tries to catch up ,
said Taylor Reynolds , an economist at OECD .
" Korea has long been a leader in broadband and in very fast broadband " , he said .
" And , in fact , the technology that Korea has used for probably the past four to five years is VDSL ,
and that 's a technology that 's now being put in by AT&amp;T " in the United States .
Meanwhile , Korea is abandoning that technology in favor of the next big thing , Reynolds said .
That likely involves bringing super-fast fiber optic cables straight into homes .
And , according to a recent report by the Berkman Center , that could make South Korean Internet 10 times faster than it is now .
Faris said Korea 's clear-cut plan helped lead to its faster broadband speeds .
" A big difference is that Korea made a decisive move to expand Internet in the country " , he said .
" They said we want to be very good at connecting to the Internet .
A lot of government money was thrown at it .. "
The U.S. has taken a fairly hands-off approach to the sector .
They 've left it to the private sector .
There 's been some money put into it , but not that much , on a per capita basis .
We just have n't taken it that seriously . "
When I first started college , the Dean came in and said " Good Morning " to all of us .
When we echoed back to him , he responded " Ah , you 're Freshmen " .
He explained .
" When you walk in and say good morning , and they say good morning back , it 's Freshmen .
When they put their newspapers down and open their books , it 's Sophomores .
When they look up so they can see the instructor over the tops of the newspapers , it 's juniors .
When they put their feet up on the desks and keep reading , it 's seniors " .
" When you walk in and say good morning , and they write it down , it 's graduate students " .
Over the past three years , we 've been clawing our way back from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes .
And we know it will take longer than any of us would like to fully recover all the jobs and savings that have been lost .
But there are things we can do  right now  to help put people back to work and make life a little easier for middle-class families .
For months , I 've been pushing Congress to help us along by passing common-sense policies that would make a difference .
Democrats and Republicans have already done some important work together 
like passing a tax cut that 's allowing working Americans to keep more of their paycheck every week .
But Congress has refused to act on most of the other ideas in my jobs plan that economists say could put a million more Americans back to work .
There 's no excuse for inaction .
Right now , we are seven days away from thousands of American workers having to walk off the job because Congress has n't passed a transportation bill .
We are eight days away from nearly seven and a half million students seeing their loan rates double because Congress hasn't acted to stop it .
This makes no sense .
We know that one of the most important things we can do for our economy is to make sure that all Americans get the best education possible .
Right now , the unemployment rate for Americans with a college degree or more is about half the national average .
Their incomes are twice as high as those who don't have a high school diploma .
So , if we know that a higher education is the clearest path to the middle class ,
why would we make it harder to achieve ?
So much of America needs to be repaired right now .
Bridges are deteriorating after years of neglect .
Highways are choked with congestion .
Transportation delays cost Americans and businesses billions of dollars every year .
And there are hundreds of thousands of construction workers who have never been more eager to get back on the job .
So why would we let our transportation funding run out ?
This is a time when we should be doing everything in our power  Democrats and Republicans  to keep this recovery moving forward .
My Administration is doing its part .
On Friday , Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood announced $ 500million in competitive grants for states and communities that will create construction jobs on projects like road repair and port renovation .
And that 's an important step , but we can't do it all on our own .
The Senate did their part .
They passed a bipartisan transportation bill back in March .
It had the support of 52 Democrats and 22 Republicans .
Now , it 's up to the House to follow suit ;
to put aside partisan posturing , end the gridlock ,
and do what 's right for the American people .
It 's not lost on any of us that this is an election year .
But we 've got responsibilities that are bigger than an election .
We answer to the American people , and they are demanding action .
Let's make it easier for students to stay in college .
Let's keep construction workers rebuilding our roads and bridges .
And let's tell Congress to do their job .
Tell them it 's time to take steps that we know will create jobs now and help sustain our economy for years to come .
I am fed up with life .
by Ayo Olaniyan on July 11 , 2009 in Personal Development , Purpose
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
There are many of us who are fed up of our lives .
The phrase fed up in the context of this post is an expression or a feeling of discouragement , dissatisfaction and frustration with several issues of concern in the journey of life .
You become fed up with life , events , people and everything around you when your expectations , needs , goals , dreams etc are not achieved , appear worthless or fall short of your imagination .
The emotional responses to being fed up of life are anger , depression , fear , worry  ..
The aim of this post is to offer a few suggestions that could shed some light in those dark areas of your life ,
which could result in motivating you , boosting your energy levels , point you in the direction of hope , inner peace and strength ( physical / spiritual . )
There are several events / things that could make you fed up of life such as :
Failure .
Broken Relationships .
Communication breakdown .
Increased workloads
Dealing with your weaknesses and insecurities .
Procrastination .
Fear .
Job Losses
The Media Over analyzing events , situations or what 's been said .
Managing a family The Economic Climate . Financial responsibilities Crime rate
The list is endless .
There isn't a fixed method / routine for coping with undue pressures ,
but here are a few practical suggestions :
Examine your life
In examining your lifestyle , there is a need to look at how you arrived at where you are currently , the experiences you 've had in the past / present , your goals , aspirations , ambitions and most of all the difficulties encountered in the journey of life .
You also need to understand the importance being realistic with your expectations , making a conscious decision not to create unnecessary pressure through several activities you are involved in and finally , dealing with the challenges that come your way .
Work on your attitude
" Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference " 
Winston Churchill Your attitude contributes to the level of success attained .
It also makes a difference or improves the way you work , manage your time , communicate , build relationships and deal with the issues of life .
Your attitude determines how you respond to challenges , whether you rise or fall , what experience can be gained from living a life filled with purpose .
A positive attitude enhances optimism , helps you manage worries and conditions your thoughts .
Developing a positive attitude is a post on it 's own but a brief summary of its benefits are as follows : 
It aids your success . 
It creates a level of inspiration and motivation . 
It allows you overcome various difficulties . 
It helps you in achieving your goals . 
It allows you communicate effectively .
Express your frustrations
Sharing your experiences or difficulties with a network of trusted friends / family provides a form of relief when you feel sick and tired .
Remember , there are several ways to resolve different issues and learning from the experiences of others could reduce stress levels and bring about happiness .
Be around people you are accountable to ,
who won't withhold any form of encouragement from you or keep you at arms length as you share your frustrations .
Regain control
There are a few instances , were you become sick and tired of life when you notice you don't have any control of the situation at hand .
You lose your mind , sleep , becomes anxious for everything .
Things generally , just spiral out of control .
Sometimes your level of frustration reduces the moment you figure out a way to gain control by being realistic , thoughtful , optimistic , collaborating with people and accepting the situation .
Rest
Form the habit of relaxing in order to reduce your levels of anxiety and worry .
Your mind could wander into past events , causing sleepless nights , poor diets , frequent headaches , etc .
In order to gain control of your emotions and combat the feeling of being sick and tired , wherever you find yourself , resting can't be overlooked .
Take time out to sleep properly , laze around , listen to music or have some form of leisure activity .
Look at your options
Learn to investigate or think deeply about the possible ways of resolving the problem
The more options you have for dealing with negative situations , the less sick and tired you become .
Be strong and confident
Learning to handle difficulties in a matured manner equips you with the appropriate mindset to see things moving in a positive direction .
because you refuse to allow pessimism cloud your thoughts .
Being strong requires determination , decisiveness and the will power to keep your focus on the results you intend to achieve .
Seek Professional Help
Employing the services of a counsellor , coach , psychotherapist etc could be effective in dealing with the feeling of being sick and tired .
If you sense the need for professional advice , do not hesitate to call or visit your local GP , professional counsellor or psychotherapist .
Do some stress relief activities
There are several stress relief activities you can perform such as :
Breathing Exercises Walking Listening to music Swimming
Having a coffee or lunch break .
I look forward to your comments and suggestions . Ayo Olaniyan is a certified Unitive Life Coach .
He is also an Accredited Professional Counsellor with the Counselling Society .
If you would like to enquire about personal and professional one-to-one coaching sessions , or to invite me for a speaking engagement , please complete this form .
THE WAY OF BOYS -- Raising Healthy Boys in an Age of Unfair Expectations , Diagnoses , and Pills
by Anthony Rao and Michelle Seaton
CHAPTER Six
He Runs the Household The first thing Megan says to me after I ask about her son's behavior at home is this :
" Time-outs don't work " .
She's frustrated and embattled ,
and she feels betrayed by all the parenting books that tell her to position a chair in the corner of the room and make her son sit in it for a prescribed length of time 
a minute per year 
in order to reflect on whatever he's done wrong .
The theory sounds great , except that Megan's son , like so many boys age three , won't sit in the chair .
He just gets down and runs off . He won't stay in one spot for any length of time .
Boys are driven by their internal engine , their brain , to wander , investigate , grab , and take apart the world around them .
They are so driven that they may shrug off disapproval from their parents .
Sometimes they seem impervious to shame , and often ignore nonverbal social cues in their quest to get at things .
As a result , most tactics for maintaining order and discipline in the home just don't work .
Boys tune them out , and that keeps parents in a one-down position , forced to threaten and beg their sons to acknowledge household rules .
The worst of it is that the traditional trump card of discipline , the time-out , is ineffective on most boys .
Megan didn't know this when once , in a heroic , or perhaps exhausting attempt to impose time-outs ,
Megan sat Ryan on a chair and then physically restrained him for the three minutes .
This was worse , because Ryan considered this to be a kind of wrestling match .
While Megan got angrier and more frustrated , Ryan wiggled and laughed .
This was no punishment ; for him it was a game in which he had his mother's full attention for three minutes .
Megan is doubly furious because her best friend has adopted a daughter exactly Ryan's age , a beautiful little girl named Polly .
When Polly refuses to eat her food or get into the car seat or put down some object she's not supposed to have , her parents just count .
" They just count to three " , says Megan , " and it works . I've seen it " .
Megan 's friend often implies that the reason her daughter is so compliant is her own superior intuitive parenting .
I can't resist asking what happens after Polly 's parents count to three . " No one knows " , says Megan . " They've never gotten to three " .
This story doesn't surprise me at all .
Polly sounds like a little girl who is highly tuned in and socially aware of others around her .
She studies the faces of her mom and dad looking for signs of approval and disapproval .
In general little girls in this age group tend to be more aware of the emotions of others and they are developing an understanding of social rules as a kind of game , one they can excel at and like to play .
They aren't any more compliant than little boys , but they understand disapproval and they hate it .
With many girls , and only some boys , moms have good luck wielding disappointment and shame in order to coerce compliance .
Many boys just don't work this way .
The youngest ones don't yet understand the complexities of social structures in the world .
Sharing , waiting your turn , saying hello to someone when you first see them , chatting while you play ; it's all like gibberish to them compared to the strong internal need to experience the world hands on , study it , manipulate and reconstruct it .
As one mom said to me ,
" It's like the fog on that part of his brain hasn't lifted yet . He's just not seeing socially yet " .
Exactly .
These boys are busy doing other things , such as building spatial awareness and testing physical boundaries . That's why he's tearing the house apart .
At three , four , and even five , mom 's rules are just speed bumps .
Repeated shaming and yelling doesn't work with these strong-willed and fearless guys . Lectures don't work .
And here's the big one :
Time-outs don't work for many such boys .
CHAPTER Thirteen
What Will He Be Like As a Grown Man ?
When moms come to me for help with their sons , I know the real question , the real concern they have even if they don't say it out loud .
Moms worry that their boys are hopelessly behind indevelopment and that this gap will grow over the years .
They worry that their boys won't grow up to be happy and accomplished adults .
Compounding their fears is the vast majority of books in the parenting section that view developmental challenges as abnormal and not as opportunities for growth .
Most of these books encourage parents to view most troublesome behavior as pathological .
Worried parents who look for a book to explain a boy's behavior will find these books filled with lists of behaviors , called symptoms , along with a ready-made diagnosis .
These books encourage parents to be vigilant , to look for trouble in their sons' behaviors .
They offer up scary stories about kids who have failed in life or suffered terribly because they didn't get help early enough .
I take the opposite approach .
As a child psychologist who has worked with kids for more than twenty years , I can happily say that most boys , even those with early struggles , will grow up healthy and well .
I want parents to relax .
They are surprised when I tell them that they should imagine their sons all grown up and happy and thanking them for all their hard work as a parent .
I can tell them this because I have seen the contrasts between the boys that came into my office years ago ,
some with problems that seemed serious at the time , and the capable young men they have become .
Many of my former patients continue to visit me from time to time to check in .
Several of them have enthusiastically agreed to be profiled here ,
to talk openly about what they felt as kids who , whether they had a diagnosis or not , came to me for treatment .
They will talk about what it was like to be the trouble maker in the family or at school or the shy guy who stood on the side lines .
I want moms who read this chapter to make acrucial leap and begin to see the healthy young adult inside their own sons .
Every mother should try to look ahead and see her son as a happy , healthy grownman .
I tell each mom to imagine her son sitting around in his college dorm room with his friends or going off to a first job ,
to really imagine a future in which he is a well-adjusted adult .
Without this visualization , many moms allow their worries to grow and fester .
They become hyper-vigilant and look only for what might be going wrong .
Despite good intentions , any parent can interfere too much with a boy 's development , in the belief that he needs more help than he does .
The grown boys I interviewed for this book show that a calm , measured , and thoughtful parenting approach works .
A boy needs to feel his mother's confidence in him , and to know that she doesn't think he is damaged or disordered .
He needs to know he 'll be healthy , happy , and a success .
Read on and listen to how these moms guided and nurtured their sons from their earliest , most vulnerable days in ways that give them the best shot at life .
{ TXB1 } Brett , The Boy In Charge Brett , at six feet , two inches tall , was dressed in jeans and as weat shirt bearing the name of the college to which he was just accepted .
He came into my office recently , as have many of the grown boys I've seen over the years , to talk through the biggest transition of his life .
He has been accepted to a great college , one of his top choices ,
and has asked to defer enrollment for a semester so he can travel and work for a youth program before starting as a freshman .
His face , now a man's face , has traces of a beard and strong jawline , but it retains the softer , younger boy's face that I remember from when we first met .
Brett had his first appointment with me when he was four years old .
At that time he was quite a handful at home , constantly in motion , grabbing things , constantly getting hurt as he careenedaround the house and scaled the furniture .
He was so bossy with other kids that he couldn't get through a playdate .
His mother was getting calls from his preschool almost every day .
The teachers reported that Brett was too grabby and pushy with the other kids ,
and repeatedly broke safety rules , such as dashing into the street on the trip between the school and the playground each morning .
His pediatrician , a seasoned child expert , told me at that time that Brett was surely a candidate for an ADHD diagnosis , but he didn't want to rush medication on such a young boy .
This pediatrician asked me to help Brett , and to help his mom teach him to socialize without fighting and to prepare him for the social demands of kindergarten .
Brett was very precocious , headstrong , and smart , but because of his developmental immaturity , he was one incident away from being asked to leave preschool .
I asked Brett what he remembers about those early sessions . The answer is not much .
" I remember playing Connect Four " , he said . " And the puppets , and playing with the toys on your shelf " .
He laughs and adds , " And running around not listening while my mom and you were talking " .
Unlike Brett , his mother Stacey remembers all the details of those difficultearly years .
" He was running circles around me , and raising his older sister had been so easy .
She would listen to me " , said Joyce .
She remembered one visit to the pediatrician's office in particular .
Brett was running everywhere , climbing , not listening ,
and the pediatrician turned to her and said , " You are such a good parent . You did such a good job with your daughter .
But Brett , here , he's in charge , not you " .
What he meant was that Brett had his own personality , all kids do , and his style was that of a bulldozer .
Have a look at these adorable little fellas giving high five and saying hello to the whole world !
They look so cute and friendly you simply can't resist admiring them .
I hope you 'll like this photo collection .
Days later , mystery still shrouds stock market 's ' flash crash '
Five days after the US stock market went haywire , securities regulators said Tuesday they have no solid answers about what went wrong .
But regulators and stock market executives , appearing before a congressional panel , said they 'll pursue new " circuit breakers " designed to reduce the risk of a repeat in the kind of unusual volatility that left investors amazed and exasperated last Thursday .
The event at issue has been called by some the " flash crash " .
US Stock prices had fallen more than 2 percent by early afternoon Thursday , but then the plunge suddenly and inexplicably accelerated .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was soon down more than 8 percent .
Then , just as suddenly , share prices surged upward and the market closed with a roughly 3 percent loss for the day .
" I think we would all agree that the market did not [ work " , ] said Lawrence Leibowitz , chief operating officer of NYSE Euronext , which operates the New York Stock Exchange .
In fact , the erratic trading on May 6 is exposing two sides of Wall Street that both are disturbing to some investors .
First , exchanges have become so complex that even insiders can not easily explain the kind of mayhem that occurred Thursday .
( Even blue chip stocks including Procter and Gamble plunged as much as 30 percent in a few minutes ) .
Second , for all the mysteries , Wall Street has a public-relations challenge , as the investigation amplifies concerns about whether computerized trading by sophisticated firms is helping or harming America 's capital markets .
" To what extent do you agree with the view that these high-frequency traders are just parasites on the market " ?
Rep . Brad Sherman ( D ) of California asked Mary Schapiro , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
So far , the practice of high-frequency trading , in which firms seek to take advantage of profit opportunities that last for fractions of a second , has not been implicated as a cause of Thursdays mini-crash .
But Ms. Schapiro said the SEC is working to assess the role of these trades , and how they affect the markets .
She said the inquiry into May 6 so far has not found evidence that the cause involved computer hackers , cyber terrorists , of a big investor making an erroneous trade due to a " fat finger " on the keyboard .
She also downplayed the view that trading in so-called E-mini contracts ( a trade in stock-index futures ) played a key role .
Commodity-market regulator Gary Gensler , although he also did not label E-mini as the leading cause , reported that one trader in those contracts was selling short ( betting on a decline ) and accounted for about 9 percent of E-mini trades between 2 : 32 and 2 : 51 p.m. on Thursday .
" The trader sold on the way down and continued to do so even as the price level recovered " , said Mr. Gensler of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , in his prepared testimony .
" This trader and others have executed hedging strategies of similar size previously " .
US stock markets already have so-called circuit breakers , designed to create a time-out during periods of unusual volatility .
But the May 6 experience suggests that additional breakers are needed , with a focus on individual stocks rather than the broad market , the regulators said .
Thursday saw 66 million trades , Schapiro said  far more than was typical in 1987 when the stock market had a severe one-day crash .
Gensler added that the role of computer technology is exponentially greater on Wall Street than it was then .
For all the talk of so-called program trading back then , it was " nothing like what we have now " , he said .
" We will get to the bottom of this " , Schapiro said regarding the May 6 events , but " that 's going to take time " .
While emphasizing the mystery that remains unsolved , both regulators and exchange executives told lawmakers that Thursday 's trading was influenced by turbulent news from Europe , as investors looked at images of protests in Athens related to the Greek debt crisis .
Schapiro also said the SEC will look into how exchanges cope with the aftermath of a day like Thursday .
Some trades are " busted " ( canceled ) after the fact when the exchange finds highly abnormal market behavior .
But Schapiro acknowledged that the process is not transparent and is " highly unsatisfying " for investors .
NASA to Go Boldly to the Bottom of the Sea
Two astronauts , a veteran undersea engineer and an experienced scientist will soon find themselves in the ocean depths off the east coast of Florida in a mock space mission ,
to test exploration concepts and learn more about working in an unforgiving , treacherous environment .
NASA on Tuesday announced the 14th expedition , which is part of NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations , or NEEMO .
The 14-day undersea mission is scheduled to begin May 10 . Canadian Space Agency astronaut Chris Hadfield , a veteran spacewalker , will lead the NASA expedition to the Aquarius Underwater Laboratory , which rests more than 62 feet ( 18 meters ) below the ocean's surface off the coast of Key Largo in the Florida Keys .
The NEEMO 14 mission will use the ocean floor to simulate aspects of another planet's surface and a low-gravity environment .
In October 2009 , a team of aquanauts prepared for the NEEMO 14 expedition by placing mock-ups of a lander , rover and small crane that simulates a robotic arm near the Aquarius laboratory .
Classical China By Johnni Wong A German collector's obsession with postcards on China and the Chinese has been turned into a ' weighty ' book that documents a proud legacy .
When it comes to collecting old postcards of China and Chinatowns , there are few who are as passionate as Kuala Lumpur-based German collector Thomas Brandt .
He has not only amassed over 9,000 antique and vintage postcards but has even published an oversized , 2.4kg book to document part of his collection .
Unlike eclectic collectors , Brandt , 43 , the general manager of the Malaysian German Chamber of Commerce in KL , tasked himself with selecting postcards that depict the social life , landscape and other fascinating scenes of old China .
Hence , the title of the book , China in Those Days ( www.io.com/goasia ) , which has both Chinese and English texts .
" Those days " refer to the period between 1894-1914 when such postcards were printed and circulated .
Brandt's invaluable collection is probably one of the largest in the world and includes many rare gems .
The book also depicts scenes of Chinatowns in far-flung places like San Francisco , New York and Los Angeles , as well as in countries like Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia and Vietnam .
The scenes from Malaya include a rubber plantation , Chinese temples , tin mining in Perak , tobacco planting and pineapple-picking in Penang , as well as fine buildings and boats with cargo .
Rise of China But why would a German economist who studied macro-economics of all things be so enamoured with old China ?
" My passion for this hobby is related to my interest in Asian and Chinese history , and spurred by the opening up of China and its rise in the world " , says Brandt .
" China 's outlook has changed tremendously over the last decade .
The country and its business people have reason to be proud of their ancient history and the recent developments .
The world 's future will be much more Chinese !
So the book focuses on China , and likewise the impact and significance of the Chinese communities in other countries which is often overlooked " , he says .
Brandt , who has to-date written four books , was motivated to share his postcard collection with others interested in Chinese history and culture .
Apparently , 30% of the images have not been seen in China .
" Previously , I thought I would work on this huge collection when I had more time to pursue my hobby .
Finally , I decided to go for it , when the ' China momentum ' was at its peak with the Beijing Olympics and the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai " .
Brandt spent over 15 years collecting the postcards from diverse places , including Europe , often tracking down rare images through the Internet and spending all his spare cash sourcing for them .
The book's concept , research , writing and eventual publication took four years to complete .
Over 1,600 postcards were selected for the book , and among them are many of his favourites .
" The collection is arguably the world 's largest historical picture collection on ancient China and the Chinese overseas .
But the accompanying text on Chinese culture and history reaches back 5,000 years " , Brandt points out .
The majority of the postcards selected for the book originate from the period 1900-1914 , referred to as the " Golden Age of Postcards . "
Exotic Was n't China depicted in these postcards in a romanticised fashion common in those days of portraying " exotic " Asians ?
" True , indeed " , says Brandt , " We look through the lenses of European visitors , of colonisers , missionaries with certain targets but also , through researchers and scientists .
Nevertheless , such ' colonial images , ' might be only 10% and they are clearly outnumbered by the many others , such as the architectural scenes of towns , pagodas and the landscape as well as cultural images on foot-binding , teahouses , etc " .
Brandt points out that his collection reflects a great heritage for the Chinese with historical significance .
" Very often , only a single image is left as no duplicate of the printed photographs and lithographic prints survived .
Specifically , old postcards on Asia are relatively rare , due to the fact that early production was mainly in Europe " , explains Brandt .
Many such postcards which were originally sourced in Asia were sent by Europeans to family and friends back home or brought to Europe in large ledger-albums as keepsake .
Is n't it also true that among the things that interested European studio photographers was portraying the Chinese engaging in bad habits such as opium smoking and gambling ?
" In those days , knowledge of the other parts of the world was limited ;
no TV , ( Skype ) Telecons or Internet existed .
Radio and photography had just been introduced but were not affordable for the ordinary people .
Hence , one did not know anything or much of what happened on the other side of the world , or even how people , towns and the natural environment looked on the other side of the world . "
Westerners then had n't seen any palm tree , tiger , elephant or strange-looking Asian people or faces .
And likewise , the other way around .
Postcards brought the world a little closer , at a time before air travel was possible to the exotic East .
Improved modes of transport and infrastructure enabled society 's elite to travel to the world , and with that , the world 's communication was revolutionised .
" For the first time , pictures were sent around the world on a wider scale .
They fuelled people 's interest in conducting extensive travels and in-depth research in other parts of the world " , opines Brandt .
Corporate support Brandt says the title of his book is a " catchy choice " designed to attract readers .
" But , in fact , the contents go far beyond the title .
Mainland China 's culture and town scenes make up 80% of the book and the remaining 20% focuses on the Chinese overseas .
Furthermore , the text concentrates on Chinese history from the early beginnings and also covers Chinese culture .
The title is a bit romantic and it relates to my previous bestseller , Asia in Those Days , which focuses on the history of Europeans in Asia " .
According to Brandt , over 70 international corporations from China , Europe and South-East Asia supported his effort by placing advance orders for the book .
Was any authority on Chinese history or culture consulted before the book was published ?
" Certainly , for example , China 's best known specialist on pagodas wrote the chapter on ' Pagodas ' and for the chapter on ' Peking ' another specialist joined in .
Besides a few other consultations , I wrote 95% of the book " , Brandt explains .
" As the Chinese are very particular about their own great culture , hardly anyone in the early stages of producing this book would believe that a Mat Salleh ( Malaysian slang for a European ) could do well in this topic .
Hence , the compliments , especially from the Chinese , on this book make me feel good .
Some even say that an outsider could cover the topic better due to his neutrality on the subject " .
In his research , Brandt says , he relied on literary references , " personal consultations " with specialists from China and around the world .
He also made several trips to China and utilised the Internet .
After the English manuscript was edited , it was translated into Chinese in Beijing before going for another round of editing in Chinese .
The author is happy with the results but , " the decision to publish it in Chinese and English , restricted me from featuring more of my beloved postcards .
Only one-fifth of my collection is featured in the book .
It was a difficult selection process to leave out so many " , he sighs .
Printed in Germany on the best Italian paper , with the edges gold-plated by hand , the book comes with a special marker with a magnifier .
Each copy of the 336 page book is signed by the author .
The weighty book , which spans 30cm x 29.7cm , and is 3.8cm thick , costs a hefty RM640 due to huge costs involved in producing it .
As for a sequel , Brandt says he has " nothing concrete in plans . "
As it were , getting this book published took up all his free time , including weekends , public holidays and annual vacation breaks , so he needs a long break .
" China has recently shed light on its great history and culture , and the past is again a great asset , something to be proud of , far removed from the time in which books , postcards and stamp collections were burnt on the street .
And I consider myself privileged to have been part of the preservation of such a great cultural heritage " .
Key Question :
How Much Is Enough ?
Every Wednesday is Simplicity Day on Zen Habits .
When I published the Simple Living Manifesto last week , I mentioned the concept of " enough . "
It 's one of the most important concepts in simplifying your life , and in frugality .
We often want more than we have now .
More money , more gadgets , better furniture , a better house , a better car , more clothes , more shoes , more success .
And what happens when we get more ?
We are n't satisfied , because there are new ads for new iPods , for new laptops , for new iPhones , for new cars , for new clothes .
We have to have those .
It 's impossible to satisfy that hunger for more , because our culture is not satisfied with what we have , but is geared to wanting more .
It 's consumerism , and it 's the official religion of the industrialized world .
That sounds preachy , so let 's move beyond that :
ask yourself how much is enough , how much do you need in order to be satisfied ?
I submit that the answer is that we already have enough  possibly more than enough .
What does " enough " mean ?
Enough doesn 't mean the just bare necessities of life .
That would be food , water , shelter and clothing .
It could be a house with a bed , a table , a chair , a place for food storage and preparation , a toilet , perhaps a shower .
That 's not really enough .
Enough means having enough to live , and enough to be happy , and enough to thrive .
For me , as I get extreme happiness from writing and blogging , I would need a computer .
Perhaps I could use the public library 's computer , but in any case " enough " would include some access to a computer .
For others , enough would mean the need for tools such as a notebook and pens , musical instruments , video technology , or a camera .
Enough would also mean food beyond just survival food  food that makes us happy , but not so much food that we are being excessive and gorging ourselves .
Enough could include cars , if those are necessary , but for some people it wouldn 't necessarily mean owning a car , especially if they don 't have kids and live close enough to the things they need , such as a grocery store or work .
Enough could include watching DVDs , if that makes you happy .
It could mean an iPod , if you need that to be happy .
How to find " enough " and apply it to life Consider the following when thinking about the concept of enough , and how it applies to your life :
1 . What are the main things that make you happy ?
Are they material things , or are they people , or activities ?
Knowing the answer to this question can give you some insight into what material things you actually need beyond the bare necessities , in order to be happy .
2 . What do you need to thrive ?
You don 't want to just survive , you want to thrive .
You want to be good at what you do , and do what you love .
You want to be passionate about the things you do , and be successful at them .
What do you need in order to do that ?
How many tools or material things do you need to thrive ?
3 . What do you need to survive at a comfortable level ?
You need to survive , of course , but you probably don 't want to be miserable as you survive .
A comfortable bed is probably important ( although I 've had great success with a futon , so a " comfortable bed " doesn 't have to be an expensive one , ) but how many extra trimmings does that bed need in order to be comfortable ?
How nice do the sheets need to be ?
Examine your ideas of comfort and then see what 's really necessary for that comfort .
Sometimes you 'll realize that only a minimum of things are needed for real comfort .
4 . What do you have beyond those things needed for survival , comfort , happiness , and thriving ?
Take a look around you , and think about everything in your home .
How much of it goes beyond these things that make up the concept of " enough ? "
Do you really need them , or do they go beyond enough ?
5 . What do you desire that goes beyond enough  beyond what 's needed for survival , comfort , happiness , and thriving ?
We all want things we don 't have .
What are they , and are they needed to have " enough ? "
Why do you want them ?
Can you be happy , comfortable , and thriving without them ?
And if so , how can you give up your desire for those things ?
6 . If you didn 't want to have more than enough , could you work less ?
Do you really need all the income you bring in , or is much of it to support a lifestyle that includes more than enough ?
Or no car at all .
Or you might have an expensive home when it 's really more than enough .
Or credit card debt from too many trips , too much shopping , too much eating out .
If you didn 't spend all that money , and didn 't always want more than enough , perhaps you wouldn 't need as much income .
There are almost certainly people living happily and comfortably on a lower income than yours .
7 . If you worked less , could you be happy with enough , and happier doing other things ?
If you didn 't have to work , you might be happy with just enough .
And you might enjoy working less .
It 's something to think about , anyway .
Also think about what you would do if you didn 't have to work .
Credit :
See also :
NASA Spots Signs of Life ..
On Earth Unlike certain corners of the UK tabloid press , I 'm not about to proclaim that NASA has found life on Mars , because that's just silly ( and completely false ) .
However , NASA has spotted signs of life on Earth .
I realize that might sound just as wacky , but bear with me .
Using their Advanced Land Imager ( ALI ) on the EO-1 satellite , NASA has managed to identify a region of the Arctic where bacteria is staining the ice .
Borup Fiord Pass on Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic is unique in that it is the only known location on the planet where sulfur is being pumped to the surface via a natural spring over ice .
The result is a dirty yellow stain with contrasting white surroundings .
NEWS :
There are other indicators for the possible presence of life on other planets , like methane on Mars .
When flying over the location in a helicopter , the yellow hue is obvious ( pictured top , ) but from space , it's hard to spot .
In fact , identifying such a small area would normally be impossible for a satellite , but NASA scientists are a smart bunch and they've overcome this problem .
Using a special sensor inside ALI called Hyperion , scientists have been able to see wavelengths of light that are invisible to our eyes .
Hyperion is able to see beyond the visible spectrum and gather hyperspectral data so sensitive that they now have the capability to ' see ' the sulfur staining from space , mapping the Borup Fiord Pass runoff .
As this sulfur has a specific chemical " fingerprint " , the strength of this fingerprint in the spectrum of light being given off by the stained ice means that they can estimate the quantity of the element that is there .
This sounds awesome , but why is sulfur so important ?
The key thing here is that this sulfur is a byproduct of a complex biological mechanism that is occurring .
Hydrogen sulfide -- the foul rotten egg-smelling gas -- is dissolved in the water beneath the Canadian ice and through complex interactions with microbes , the hydrogen atoms are stripped from the sulfur atoms .
( Hydrogen sulfide -- H 2 S -- is a molecule consisting of two hydrogen atoms and one sulfur atom ) .
The EO-1 satellite is seeing the stain of elemental sulfur being carried to the surface , acting like a highlighter pen , pointing to the microbes ' location .
NEWS :
By studying micro fossils in gypsum on Earth , scientists may be able to characterize regions of Mars to search for signs of ancient Martian life .
So , NASA is seeing , for the first time , evidence of microbial life from space .
Do you see where I'm going with this ?
Yes , now NASA has means to look for signs of life elsewhere in the solar system .
Take Europa , one of Jupiter 's moons , for example . It 's a rocky world ( a little smaller than our moon , ) covered with ice .
It is thought there might be liquid water in the form of sub-surface oceans , potentially harboring life .
But how do we find Europa life if it's there ?
We could send a lander to drop a drilling probe through the kilometers-thick ice or attempt to find a huge fissure to access the sub-surface ocean .
Or we could just send a satellite to orbit Europa , with an instrument on board similar to Hyperion , to begin surveying the European ice for yellow stains .
NASA is keen to point out that the system is far from perfect , but it is very encouraging that the EO-1 satellite can accurately map the distribution of sulfur deposits from space , closely matching the photographs taken by a helicopter far below .
Of course , looking for hydrogen sulfide-eating microbes that ooze elemental sulfur means that we'll be looking for similar biological processes we observe on Earth .
So we have to assume Europa Brand life is similar to Earth Brand life .
But as the only life we know of exists here on Earth , it's not a bad assumption to make .
the universe needs quantum uncertainty Updated 14 : 16 22 June 2012 by Jessica Griggs Magazine issue 2870 .
Subscribe and save For similar stories , visit the Quantum World Topic Guide It doesn't look like quantum mechanics will ever be intuitive .
Take away one of its weirdest components - the uncertainty principle - and you end up with a perpetual motion machine .
The finding dashes the hopes of those searching for a less bizarre way to make sense of quantum theory , which has made many physicists uncomfortable , including Albert Einstein .
Despite being one of the most successful theories of all times in terms of its ability to explain and predict various phenomena , the world of quantum mechanics incorporates many counter-intuitive ideas .
One of these is the uncertainty principle , which states that in the quantum world it is impossible to simultaneously know two quantities , such as a particle 's location and its momentum , with complete accuracy .
The more you know about one , the less you can know about the other .
This is demonstrated in a variation of the famous double slit experiment ,
where single photons seem to pass through two slits in a barrier at once , producing an interference pattern on a screen that is due to its momentum .
Adding a photon detector at either one of the slits ,
however , removes the uncertainty in the photon 's location , causing the momentum to be more uncertain .
This destroys the pattern on the screen .
Nevertheless , accepting that uncertainty exists not due to a lack of knowledge but thanks to a fundamental law doesn 't sit well with some physicists .
One famous dissenter was Einstein ,
who was contemptuous of the idea that unpredictability could be integral to the physical laws governing the universe .
Oscar Dahlsten , a theoretical physicist from the University of Oxford , says that a lot of people still intuitively feel that the uncertainty principle should not hold up .
Previously , researchers have searched for a solution via " hidden variables " , which may be operating behind the scenes , making things look weirder than they actually are .
So far , though , this approach has failed .
Now Stephanie Wehner and Esther Hnggi at the National University of Singapore 's Centre for Quantum Technology have taken a new tack , recasting the uncertainty principle in the language of information theory .
First , they suggest that the two properties of a single object that cannot be known simultaneously can be thought of as two streams of information encoded in the same particle .
In the same way that you can 't know a particle 's momentum and location to an arbitrarily high level of accuracy , you also can 't completely decode both of these messages .
If you figure out how to read message 1 more accurately , then your ability to decrypt message 2 becomes more limited .
Next the pair calculate what happens if they loosen the limits of the uncertainty principle in this scenario , allowing the messages to be better decoded and letting you access information that you wouldn 't have had when the uncertainty principle was in force .
Wehner and Hnggi conclude that this is the same as getting more useful energy , or work , out of a system than is put in , which is forbidden by the second law of thermodynamics .
That is because both energy and information are needed to extract work from a system .
To understand why ,
imagine trying to drive a piston using a container full of heated gas .
If you don 't know in which direction the gas particles are moving , you may angle the piston wrongly and get no useful work out of the system .
But if you do know which way they are moving , you will be able to angle the piston so that the moving particles drive it .
You will have converted the heat into useful work in the second scenario , even though the same amount of energy is available as in the first scenario .
Being able to decode both of the messages in Wehner and Hnggi 's imaginary particle suddenly gives you more information .
As demonstrated by the piston , this means you have the potential to do more work .
But this extra work comes for free so is the same as creating a perpetual motion machine , which is forbidden by thermodynamics ( arxiv.org/abs/1205.6894v1 ) .
" The second law of thermodynamics is something which we see everywhere and basically no one is questioning " , says Mario Berta , a theoretical physicist from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , who was not involved in the work .
" Now we know that without an uncertainty principle we could break the second law " .
Since this would be far weirder than the existence of such a principle in the first place , it essentially justifies the uncertainty principle .
" This work is about understanding why exactly quantum theory is as it is " , says Berta .
It 's no death trap !
Former gravedigger makes 100mph sportscar ..
from a COFFIN By Daily Mail Reporter A former gravedigger has built a 100mph single-seater car using a 7ft-long steel coffin for the body .
PhilBissett , 62 , bought the unusual handmade coffin for 98 on internet auction site eBay and has dubbed his new creation ' Holy Smoke . '
The tattoo artist from Harold Hill , near Romford in Essex , normally customises hearses in his spare time .
Digging in :
Phil Bissett has dubbed his crazy new creation ' Holy Smoke ' Mr Bissett said the head-turning car has almost sent a couple of people to an early grave . '
The first time I took it out one bloke nearly fell off the kerb and into the gutter when he saw it ' , he said . '
Another was madly trying to take pictures from his Hummer and almost crashed into the back another car .
It looks like something the Adams family would drive .
People react funnily to this , my wife won 't go near it .
The coffin originally cost 1,500 and had been imported from Mexico when Mr Bissettr spotted it online .
He said :
" I 've learned never to go on the internet when you 've had a drink .
My friend said I 've never be able to turn it into a car but I knew I could . '
I collected it from the undertakers in Portsmouth , it was wheeled out on a trolley .
It took four people to lift it .
' It was padded inside and I 've left the handles on it so people can see it 's a coffin .
It 's even got what they call a time capsule inside to identify the body .
Digging in :
Phil Bissett bught the coffin on ebay at a fraction of its original worth Mr Bissett transformed the 75kg steel coffin into a fully taxed and roadworthy car by using the engine of his daughter 's 1972 VW and parts from a dumper truck , a beach buggy and an old Ford car and even wheel spinners made out of grave vases .
The number-plate of the bone shaker is DIGG in honour of Mr Bissett 's former occupation .
The casket has been spray painted with the words Holy Smoke drifting across a graveyard scene and the words Rust in Peace across the lid .
Along the sides Mr Bissett had painted ' I put the fun in funerals ' and ' I see dead people ' and on the petrol tank it says ' Embalming fluid only . '
Mr Bissett said : '
It 's got a 1300cc engine so it can go up to 100mph . '
It 's fully road legal .
It 's got an MOT , it 's tax exempt because the engine is from 1972 and for fully comp insurance it was only 86 . '
I love it .
I wouldn 't mind being taken to the church in it when my time comes '
Two and a half years ago , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) was finishing up its widely acclaimed fourth assessment on global warming ,
which made an unequivocal case for the threat of man-made climate change .
For its work , the IPCC was rewarded with the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize  shared with Al Gore for his green advocacy
 and polls showed strong concern over global warming , even in the U.S.
By the time of President Barack Obama 's election in 2008 , the stage seemed set for climate science to go from the professional journals to the stuff of legislation .
But that was then .
Thanks in part to the events of " Climategate " last November  when someone hacked and released thousands of emails and documents from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at Britain 's East Anglia University  climate scientists now find themselves under fire .
The Climategate emails revealed that scientists used terms like " trick " while discussing climate modeling techniques ,
which was enough to set off skeptics , who considered it proof that scientists were bending data to reach their conclusions ,
and making climate change seem worse than it really was .
In the aftermath of Climategate , critics also uncovered factual errors  small and few , but real  in the IPCC 's fourth assessment .
( See how alternative energy sources were discussed at the World Energy Technologies Summit ) .
It energized global warming skeptics .
Most recently , on April 23 , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli launched a civil investigative demand ( CID ) with the University of Virginia ( UVA , ) searching for information on the climate scientist Michael Mann , who once worked at UVA .
Mann , who now runs the Earth Systems Science Center at Pennsylvania State University , authored many of the controversial emails at the center of the Climategate .
The cost of these assualts is real .
Despite the fact that a Parliamentary inquiry in Britain looked into Climategate and in March exonerated Phil Jones , the head of CRU , of any wrongdoing , the damage had been done .
A British survey in February found a 30% drop over just one year in the percentage of adults who said climate change was " definitely " real , and polls in the U.S. have found a similar decline .
( See one of the latest global warming worries discovered by scientists )
In the face of that dwindling in public confidence  and a renewed surge in attacks from global warming skeptics  climate scientists are finally fighting back .
In the May 7 edition of Science , 255 members of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences , including 11 Nobel laureates , signed a letter decrying what they call the " political assaults on scientists and climate scientists in particular " .
They argue that the attacks on climate science are ideologically motivated by those who want to delay any action on global warming and that it has resulted in a new McCarthyism .
" There is always some uncertainty associated with scientific conclusions " , the authors write in Science .
But " for a problem as potentially catastrophic as climate change , taking no action poses a dangerous risk for our planet " .
That was the argument made by Representative Edward Markey , the pugnacious Massachusetts Democrat in charge of the Select House Committee for Energy Independence and Global Warming , at a Congressional hearing he held Thursday morning on the science of climate change .
With the Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico still leaking oil with no clear end in sight , Markey reminded Congress that climate change and dependence on petroleum are intertwined
 and that no amount of denial could change that inconvenient fact .
The U.S. needs to " acknowledge the basic facts that have been known for decades " , Markey said in his opening statement .
" Increasing carbon pollution in the atmosphere is warming the planet and the only way to put a halt to such warming is to move to clean energy solutions " .
( See a video of how Google is diving into clean energy technologies ) .
Even in Virginia , where Attorney General Cuccinelli has kept on his investigation into Mann 's work , academics have pushed back and criticized skeptics for going too far .
Cuccinelli 's CID is exploring potential violations of the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers Act ;
it gives the state 30 days to produce more than 10 years worth of documents related to state-funded research by Mann during his time at UVA .
( Cuccinelli has said he wants to find out whether any of Mann 's research , which was conducted with some state grants , was purposefully " steering a course to reach a conclusion " , according to the Washington Post . )
But Mann 's peers at UVA have reciprocated , releasing a position statement arguing that Cuccinelli 's investigation may be politically motivated  he has also filed a lawsuit against the Environmental Protection Agency for attempting to regulate greenhouse gases
 and that his actions " directly threaten academic freedom , and thus , our ability to generate the knowledge upon which informed public policy relies " .
Ultimately , that 's what may lay at stake here  whether politics can be kept from interfering with science .
In truth , climate change is as much a political problem as it is a scientific one , and no one would argue that science is free of bias .
But science does have a self-correcting mechanism  in fact , this week the Inter Academy Council , a coalition of global scientific organizations , named a 12-member committee to review the workings of the IPCC .
Scientists have learned from Climategate that they need to be more open .
Climate change is too global a problem to be left to the academy ,
and if scientists are to be trusted , they need to be held accountable  but not by investigations carried out in the name of partisanship rather than truth .
Facebook has extended its " Gross National Happiness " prototype app to 18 new countries .
The app analyzes words in status updates like " awesome " or " tragic " to track changes in the collective emotional state of its users .
When Facebook applied the methods to its U.S. userbase last year , it found that happiness went way up on holidays and way down when celebrities like Michael Jackson or Heath Ledger passed away .
While the results of the study weren 't surprising , the idea of using status updates to measure national happiness was a novel one .
After Facebook 's latest update , the list now includes the U.S. , Canada , India , Great Britain , Belgium , the Netherlands , Puerto Rico , Singapore , Austria , Germany , New Zealand , Italy , Chile , Uruguay , Spain , Mexico , South Africa , Argentina , Australia , Ireland , Venezuela and Colombia .
Status updates in the English , Dutch , German , Italian and Spanish languages are included in the data .
As you might have expected , residents of each country become happier on that country 's holidays and during big events ? for example ,
Spain is happier on Saint Jordi 's Day and U.S. residents are happier around the time of the Super Bowl .
And speaking of sporting events , those can affect the results too ; dips in happiness correspond with major sports defeats .
Even bigger dips accompanied natural disasters like earthquakes , of course .
Of course . We noticed that in some cases small increases of negativity accompanied big leaps in positivity .
Not everyone has a great Christmas thanks to travel stress or family drama , so it 's no surprise that the negative comments go up a little bit at that time of the year too .
Play with the app yourself at Facebook 's website to see what insights you can conjure up .
If you find this data interesting , you 'll also appreciate this :
Facebook decided a couple of months ago to find out how relationship status affects happiness .
Unsurprisingly , it found that folks in relationships tended to post happy updates more frequently .
Singles were better off than users who didn't list their relationship status or were in open relationships , however .
When you think of the leading players in online travel globally , Priceline and Expedia might be near the top of your list .
But , would you immediately place Ctrip , the Shanghai-based travel agency , in the upper echelons , as well ?
The answer should be " yes " , given the recent market-cap gains made by China 's dominant online travel company .
Fueled by last week 's China Lodging Group IPO and Ctrip 's investment in the hotel company , Ctrip 's stock price has been rising and its market cap April 1 stood at $ 5.34 billion .
That 's not chump change , nor is it an April Fool 's joke .
Buffed up by the China Lodging Group IPO , recent acquistions and the overall growth of online travel in China , Ctrip 's market cap puts it in the Expedia conversation .
Expedia 's market cap on April 1 was $ 7.23 billion .
Of course , Priceline 's is out of this world at $ 11.62 billion , thanks in part to that little acquisition a few years back of Booking.com .
Forbes points out that Ctrip , based in Shanghai , may further benefit this year from the 70 million visitors expected to show up for Shanghai Expo in Ctrip 's backyard .
So who are the global leaders in online travel ?
Well , you just need to do the math .
December 9 , 2011 WHEN Megyn Kelly was starting out in television , a prominent TV newswoman told her , " You 're going to need to choose : you can either have a family or you can be a major anchor . "
Ms . Kelly  now a Fox News anchor , ex - Jones Day lawyer and blond GQ pinup with the alabaster good looks of Katherine Heigl and the can-do-ism of a former aerobics instructor  decided to ignore her . " It was terrible advice , " she said , recently speaking from her studio .
Ms . Kelly , 41 , is part of a new generation of TV anchors  Erica Hill of " The Early Show " on CBS , Mika Brzezinski of MSNBC 's " Morning Joe " and Soledad O ' Brien , formerly of " American Morning " on CNN  who have juggled their careers and family life full-throttle in front of millions of viewers in a way that Barbara Walters and Diane Sawyer notably did not .
Rather than hide their pregnancies , they flaunt them ;
rather than cover up their off-hours role as mothers , they turn it into part of their on-air persona .
In the 1960s , when Ms . Walters was on the " Today " show , she had several miscarriages , returning quietly to work within days in each case .
Her adoption of a baby girl went unannounced ,
and in keeping with the times , she took no time off .
" There was no having it all , " Ms . Walters said in an interview with Jane Pauley in 2003 . " I never thought about it . I did n't think , ' Can I juggle both ? ' I probably should have . "
Ms . Kelly , who returned from maternity leave in August after the birth of her second child , had no such qualms .
Widely viewed as the most golden of Roger Ailes 's protges , she moderated her first presidential primary debate in September to positive reviews ,
and was chosen to be a moderator at the Republican debate in Iowa this Thursday .
Soon after her return , however , Ms . Kelly broke out of anchor mode when she asked Mike Gallagher , a conservative radio talk-show host , onto her afternoon show , " America Live , " for a faceoff over comments he had made disparaging her three-month absence .
( " What a racket that is ! " Mr . Gallagher had told Chris Wallace , a Fox anchor , in an interview ) .
She chastised Mr . Gallagher on air .
" The United States is the only country that does n't require paid maternity leave , " she said , citing the Family and Medical Leave Act , which , while it mandates time off , does not require employers to pay parents during their leave .
A Fox news journalist promoting federal social programs ?
" We 're populating the human race , " she said later of women on maternity leave . " It 's not a vacation .
It 's hard , important work . "
That evening on " The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart crowed , " Never get between a mama grizzly and her maternity leave ! "
He then broadcast an earlier clip of Ms . Kelly lamenting " the tentacles that government has placed into our lives " with " massive entitlement programs . "
Mr . Stewart , referring to Ms . Kelly 's new short bob , said he knew what had happened :
" When you cut your hair , it sapped your conservative strength  like a right-wing Samson . "
Ms . Kelly calls herself apolitical , a characterization echoed by several friends and former colleagues ,
though one former Jones Day colleague said people had the sense she was conservative .
Still , " I do n't think she was plugged into the G.O.P. the way certain people at the Jones Day Washington office are , " said the ex-colleague , who would not give his name because he still works at the firm .
What most of her legal colleagues remember is how hard she worked .
Gregory A . Castanias , a partner at Jones Day who considers Ms . Kelly a friend , called her " one of the most intense and driven trial lawyers I 've ever worked with . "
Her current job may not be so far removed from her former life as a corporate lawyer .
Ms . Kelly said she believed the two jobs are similar :
" We take large amounts of information and try to tell a story in the most persuasive way , whether it 's to a jury or to an audience .
Anchors and trial lawyers are both performers at heart . "
These days , Ms . Kelly is up at 6 a.m. , after two nighttime nursing sessions with 6 - month - old Yardley , to begin the morning round of e-mail catch-up , work preparation and intermittent care of the baby and her older brother , Yates ( whose baby pictures Ms . Kelly displayed on air soon after she returned to work . )
One October morning , Ms . Kelly was zipping around her Upper West Side rental in skinny J Brand jeans with a baby crooked in one slender arm and a toddler underfoot , chatting with her nanny and her husband , Doug Brunt , a former entrepreneur who is now a novelist .
Soon she was headed to the studio in a livery car , tapping furiously on her BlackBerry and strategizing with Tom Lowell , a producer of the show .
" That 's good , our viewers know him and will be interested , " she said , referring to Mark Fuhrman , the O.J. Simpson murder - case police officer turned commentator , who was booked to talk about Michael Jackson 's doctor .
She checked in with her assistant , Abby Emerson , who culls and highlights online articles  usually off newspaper sites , the Drudge Report , the Huffington Post , the Daily Beast and Ms . Kelly 's favorite , RealClearPolitics.com .
( Ms . Kelly is not a print news reader . )
At Fox , a makeup artist quickly adorned her eyes with individual lashes before Ms . Kelly joined the show 's 10 a.m. production meeting .
She corrected a staff member 's figures on Egypt 's Christian population and wrote the tease for one of the day 's stories :
" Geithner says Obama has been ' relentlessly focused ' on jobs  is that true ?
A fair and balanced report , next . "
Afterward , she caught up on reading , pumped milk ( she 's still breast - feeding her daughter ) and dressed .
" If you want to see me in something nice , tune in between 1 and 3 p.m. , " she said , when she wears an outfit from her Fox News wardrobe : options include pumps from Jimmy Choo , Prada and YSL , and shifts by Theory , Elie Tahari and Trina Turk .
On air , Ms . Kelly toggled easily between political stories about Herman Cain and Occupy Oakland and tabloid fare :
a nudist running for city council , the case of missing Baby Lisa .
" Here 's a question for you , " she said , mocking a PETA lawsuit . " Do whales have rights ?
SeaWorld says the suit is a publicity stunt .
Ya think ? "
It 's a very different approach from the traditional female anchor attitude : supportive , empathetic , searching .
" As an attorney , you have an adversary whose mission it is to make you sound like an idiot , " she said .
" You have to know everything and be prepared for some left-wing  I mean left-field  argument . "
In many ways , switching careers in her 30s was a return to her roots .
Rejected by Syracuse University 's journalism school , she majored in political science instead , getting involved in student government , which then propelled her to law school .
Ms . Kelly practiced at the Chicago and New York offices of Jones Day before she transferred to Washington , where her first husband , a doctor , got a job .
Unhappy with law 's grueling hours , she took classes in journalism , ultimately barging into the office of Bill Lord , vice president and station manager of the ABC affiliate in the capital .
" She was confident and very bright , " he recalled . She was also , he said , very aggressive . " It did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out there was a lot of horsepower there . "
" I said I 'd put a stiletto through his eye if he did n't put me on air , " is how Ms . Kelly described the exchange .
She got the job .
Shortly thereafter , her marriage ended and Fox News hired her away .
She and Mr . Brunt met on a blind date , and it was at that point that Ms . Kelly , who had considered herself " a career girl , " decided she wanted children .
Yates was born the year after they married .
" Confident " is the adjective most used to describe Ms . Kelly .
Though she said she cried after online commenter made fun of a photo she posted of Yates , and abandoned Twitter as too vitriolic , Ms . Kelly can also come across as impervious .
She said that Brit Hume once told her , " Your problem is you 're just as vulnerable as anyone else , but you project zero vulnerability . "
Her fans cheer her every personal moment in comments online ; her detractors are equally impassioned .
An interview on " The O ' Reilly Factor " in November , in which Ms . Kelly characterized the pepper spray police used to disperse nonviolent protesters at the University of California at Davis as " a food product , essentially " incited a torrent of mockery on Gawker .
( " Megyn Kelly on tasers : ' It 's static cling , essentially ! ' " )
Though she read critical e-mails from viewers aloud during commercial breaks on her show , the comments do not bother her ,
she said : " They come from a place of hate . " Mr . Stewart 's show , she continued , is just comedy .
She said she often hears on the street , " I hate Fox News  but I love you . "
When Ms . Kelly goes home around 5 p.m. , she feeds the children , and her husband feeds her .
Sometimes they watch an episode of " Boardwalk Empire " or " Downton Abbey . "
The only news show she watches occasionally is Bill O ' Reilly 's ; she shares with him a kind of home-and-hearth populism .
" I was a small - town girl , " she said . " I did n't go to private school . I had to learn how to deal with people in power . "
Also like Mr . O ' Reilly , she loves the political horse race .
The last Republican debate was the one time Ms . Kelly remembered feeling nervous .
Most of the time , she looks as if she is having fun .
" Guilty ! " she said , " I really am . Before I did this , I had everything going for me on paper . A great law firm job , a doctor husband  this middle - class girl had arrived . But it was not fun . "
Ms . Kelly said she was looking forward to Thursday 's debate .
The challenge , she said , was to make sure the candidates do not deflect her questions . " Candidates who evade look weak , " she said .
" You should be stronger and smarter than that . You 've got to have the courage and confidence . "
I hate wise men because they are lazy , cowardly , and prudent .
To the philosophers ' equanimity , which makes them indifferent to both pleasure and pain , I prefer devouring passions .
The sage knows neither the tragedy of passion , nor the fear of death , nor risk and enthusiasm , nor barbaric , grotesque , or sublime heroism .
He talks in proverbs and gives advice .
He does not live , feel , desire , wait for anything .
He levels down all the incongruities of life and then suffers the consequences .
So much more complex is the man who suffers from limitless anxiety .
The wise man 's life is empty and sterile , for it is free from contradiction and despair .
An existence full of irreconcilable contradictions is so much richer and creative .
The wise man 's resignation springs from inner void , not inner fire .
I would rather die of fire than of void .
Robin , I always see that when I start teaching in the class , you always talk with your friends .
Robin :
But Sir , I do n't talk when I sleep .
[1] " Let 's use some Atlanta drug money " , said Facundo M . Fernndez , a chemistry professor , as he picked out a limp , ratty 1 dollar bill from his wallet and handed it to one of his graduate students .
Minutes later , after running the bill through the laboratory 's high - tech machinery , the chemists had found what they were looking for : traces of cocaine .
Dr . Fernndez , a professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology , said that the demonstration , which he repeated with other bills provided by a reporter , showed both how pervasive cocaine was in the United States and how sensitive his machines were .
They can instantly identify the chemical makeup of food , drugs and just about anything placed in front of their stainless-steel aperture .
The uses of the machines , known as mass spectrometers , are manifold  the federal Department of Homeland Security has commissioned Dr . Fernndez to study whether the technology can help sniff for explosives at airports .
But Dr . Fernndez 's main focus is counterfeit pharmaceutical drugs , especially in poorer countries , where government regulation is weak .
He is part of an informal group of researchers and government officials spanning Africa , Asia and the United States who have teamed up with Interpol , the international police agency , to use cutting-edge technology in tracking fake drugs that claim to treat malaria .
Counterfeit malaria drugs are of particular concern because of the scale and severity of the disease  it kills more than 2,000 children a day in Africa alone  and fears that fake or substandard malaria drugs are aggravating a growing problem of drug resistance .
For years , scientists have been able to analyze the ingredients of a pill or capsule using mass spectrometers , which identify chemicals by measuring molecular weights .
But the overall process was time - consuming , taking about an hour per sample .
A scientific breakthrough in 2005 added an " ion gun " to the machines and allowed Dr . Fernndez to check hundreds of pills a day .
A technician simply holds the sample  a pill , dog food or a dollar bill , for example  up to the machine , which emits a jet of helium gas and captures a minute amount of the material , instantly identifying its component parts .
Contrary to the common belief that counterfeit drugs are just sugar pills , Dr . Fernndez said , most fakes have some level of active ingredient .
Many contain the cheap and readily available pain reliever paracetamol , which might temporarily soothe some symptoms but will not fight the underlying disease .
Sometimes researchers find harmful or very unexpected chemicals .
Once , when analyzing what was suspected to be a counterfeit antimalarial pill , his team discovered traces of sildenafil , the main ingredient in the anti-impotency drug Viagra .
" We feel like detectives " , said Dr . Fernndez , who is from Argentina .
" You never know what you 're going to find " .
The counterfeit drug business has become increasingly attractive for criminal syndicates ;
the profit potential is vast , yet the punishment for those caught is typically much less severe than for illegal drugs like cocaine .
This is especially true in Asia , where many countries impose the death penalty for trafficking heroin , Ecstasy or even marijuana but where combating counterfeit drugs is not a priority .
Three years ago , the World Health Organization estimated that as many as one in four pharmaceutical drugs sold in the developing world were counterfeit .
It is impossible to know the exact level , but there is general agreement that the level of fake drugs is " unacceptably high " , in the words of the organization .
" We have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared " , said Aline Planon , the head of Interpol 's counterfeit drug department . " It 's not just primary medicines . There 's also lifestyle drugs , herbal drugs , vaccines " .
Counterfeiters have become more sophisticated in recent years , churning out pills and packaging that look like the real thing .
But as the work of Dr . Fernndez and others indicates , the sleuthing , too , is becoming more high - tech , relying on innovative forensic tools .
Dallas C . Mildenhall , another scientist in the anti - counterfeit network , helps track fake drugs by analyzing the microscopic pollen grains embedded in the pills or packaging .
Forensic investigators have used pollen grains for decades to help solve murders and other crimes ,
but Dr . Mildenhall pioneered using the tiny grains , which are ubiquitous in clothing , nostrils , hair , food and nearly everything exposed to air , to help combat counterfeiters .
Because many plants are specific to certain parts of the world , pollen helps determine where the drugs were manufactured .
Mildenhall said by telephone from his office in New Zealand , where he is a researcher at GNS Science , a government organization .
" Is it wet , dry , hot , cold ? Are the soils acidic or not " ?
Dr . Mildenhall 's work has helped establish that many counterfeits come from the border area between China and Vietnam as well as the general vicinity of the Golden Triangle , the area famous for heroin production where the borders of Laos , Myanmar and Thailand meet .
Three years ago , an analysis by Dr . Mildenhall of both pollen grains and specific minerals found in counterfeits helped pinpoint production to one particular site in southern China .
In what was dubbed Operation Jupiter , Interpol handed over the evidence , and the Chinese government arrested three suspects .
Dr . Mildenhall is now involved in a project led by Paul N . Newton , the head of the Oxford University Center for Tropical Medicine in Laos , to determine whether counterfeit antimalarial drugs found in Africa were imported from Asia or manufactured locally .
" In Africa , it 's often said that fake drugs are coming from India and China , " Dr . Newton said from his office in Vientiane , the capital of Laos .
" We do n't have any evidence ourselves at the moment to confirm or deny that " .
The results of the study will be out later this year , said Dr . Newton , who has led the research on counterfeit antimalarial drugs .
Using technology to combat counterfeit drugs has been a " necessary complement " to old-fashioned police work , said Ms . Planon of Interpol .
But she said the main obstacle to cracking down on fakes was a lack of political will and cooperation between countries .
" Politicians need to understand that this problem is much more serious than they think " , she said in a phone interview from her office in Geneva .
" The more we work on these criminal networks , the more we see that they 're interconnected across continents " .
Ms . Planon said that the police were discovering vast quantities of counterfeit drugs in Asia .
Last year , in a coordinated police crackdown called Operation Storm , Interpol announced that 200 raids in Southeast Asia had yielded 16 million doses of fake drugs , with a street value of $ 6.6 million .
Officials from Cambodia , China , Laos , Myanmar , Singapore , Thailand and Vietnam participated in the operation , which resulted in 27 arrests .
Sabine Kopp , the acting head of anti - counterfeiting activities at the World Health Organization , said that Interpol 's role had helped pressure governments into action .
" There 's a lot more discussion " , Dr . Kopp said .
" There 's a lot more agreement to share information " .
But there are also signs that the problem is spreading .
Mrs . Planon said the police were discovering not only counterfeit drugs but fake medical supplies like blood bags , syringes , bandages and contact lenses .
Mass spectrometers may have a role in weeding out some of these counterfeits .
Dr . Fernndez , of Georgia Tech , is using them to test whether mosquito nets treated with insecticide , a crucial way to combat malaria , are genuine .
One major limitation of using the technology is cost .
A typical mass spectrometer goes for about $ 150,000 , a budget - breaker for governments of poorer countries .
With time , though , Dr . Fernndez hopes , costs will come down far enough that machines could be installed in local pharmacies .
" I always dream that at some point the end - consumer will be able to check " , Dr . Fernndez said .
" You put your tablet in front of a machine and you get a red light or a green light .
That would be the end of counterfeit drugs " .
A direct effect on human health related to climate change is the likely increase in infectious diseases transmitted by insects or through contaminated water .
In the March 25th issue of the New England Journal of Medicine , infectious disease researcher Emily Shuman points out that insects are more active at higher temperatures and broaden their range .
Altered weather patterns bring drought to some areas , flooding to others and a higher likelihood of water contamination to both .
The World Health Organization predicts a three to five percent increase in the population at risk for malaria with a temperature increase of two to three degrees Celsius . And two degrees is our best - case scenario right now .
The WHO also sees 10 percent more diarrheal diseases related to unclean water by 2030 due to climate change .
Shuman urges the development of warning systems to spot disease outbreaks early , along with continued research into treatments and vaccines , which , she writes , " will go a long way in preventing human suffering that could otherwise occur as a result of climate change " .
Armed with an ancient story for the ages , the filmmakers behind the new Clash of the Titans movie fail to refresh mythology 's gods and monsters for 21st - century audiences .
Following on the 1981 movie , which at least featured entertaining animation by stop-motion pioneer Ray Harryhausen , this Clash disappoints on multiple fronts .
There was plenty of reason to hold out hope for the remake . Director Louis Leterrier made a pretty good The Incredible Hulk two years ago .
Sam Worthington , starring here as the hero Perseus , brought brains and brawn to his human - turned - Na'vi character in Avatar .
Yet sparks are few and far between in this by - the - numbers retread .
For one thing , the gods of Mount Olympus stand stiffly on mist - enshrouded pedestals like reality show contestants facing elimination . Meanwhile , back on Earth , Perseus  aided by comely spiritual guide Io ( played by Gemma Arterton )  goes on a quest to slay the Kraken .
Once unleashed by its gloomy keeper Hades ( Ralph Fiennes ) , the squirmy sea monster is ready to devour Princess Andromeda ( Alexa Davalos ) and destroy the rebellious city of Argos .
This , after Hades convinces his divine brother Zeus ( Liam Neeson ) that humans need to regain respect for the deities . Hades promises to achieve that goal by scaring the crap out of earthlings .
Saddled with generic dialogue and the kind of stentorian acting style that went out of fashion half a century ago , the actors in Clash of the Titans emote on cue and fight with vigor , but their humorless characters go begging for distinctive personalities .
The CGI - and animatronics - powered monsters might have fried eyeballs five years ago but now wow only in fits and starts .
Hades , for example , announces his presence with sooty plumes that could have been lifted straight from Lost 's Smoke Monster .
Flying monkeys whip through the air in apparent homage to The Wizard of Oz .
And a crew of blind witches seem more like cave-dwelling bag ladies than genuinely scary scourges . Then there 's the giant , crablike Scorpiochs .
Attacking Perseus and his men in the wilderness , they shed milky fluid instead of blood  an effectively freaky touch  but otherwise do n't show much in the way of fighting skills .
Medusa , crowned with coils of writhing skull snakes , turns men into stone per legend before meeting her perfunctorily gory fate .
And the Kraken , baring its reptilian incisors , snags a couple of fearsome beauty shots before Perseus comes to the rescue with help from a magic sword bequeathed by Zeus .
Feb . 18 , 2010 Alexander McQueen , a British fashion designer , was found dead at his London home on Feb . 11 , 2010 .
A coroner 's inquest said he hanged himself in an armoire , on the eve of his mother 's funeral , after leaving behind a note . He was 40 years old .
Mr . McQueen was a showman with very high expectations for fashion .
He knew how to cut a dress , a jacket and a pair of pants with the best of them , but that was not enough for him .
He also wanted fashion to have weight and content and depth , so he put on presentations - spectacles , really - of his collections that aimed to have the punch of art and that were sometimes political , sociological , shocking and scary .
'' I believe in depicting what 's going on " , he once said . " I 'm a big anarchist . I do n't believe in religion , or in another human being wanting to govern over someone else .
The themes that go through my shows will continue to .
" Some of this content carried over to the clothes themselves , either literally or in their aura .
But in general their distinguishing features were beauty ; a sense of craft ; a strong , confident silhouette ; and the marriage of tradition with the avant-garde .
Ten things to know before losing your virginity
1 . If you do n't trust your partner to respect your wishes if you change your mind about anything , you should not be having sex .
2 . You can 't get your virginity back once it 's gone , so make sure that you are having sex for the right reasons .
Emotional blackmail , such as " you would if you loved me , " or peer pressure , such as " everyone else is doing it , " are not appropriate motivations for becoming sexually active .
3 . A recent study of sexual attitudes among 14 to 16 - year - olds , carried out by researchers from Sheffield University , found that teenage boys thought it was acceptable to pressure girls into having sex and to use alcohol to get them into bed .
4 . No surprise then that girls are twice as likely as young men to regret their first sexual experience , and they are three times as likely to report being pressured into unwanted sex .
5 . And worryingly , a study from the Centre for Sexual Health Research , at the University of Southampton , which surveyed more than 1,300 young people aged between 16 and 18 , found that only 37 percent of sexually active young people used condoms whenever they had sex .
6 . If you do n't feel comfortable discussing protection and contraception with your partner , you should not be having sex .
While not perfect , condoms are the most effective way of preventing sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) such as HIV , gonorrhea , chlamydia and trichomoniasis .
Condoms also provide some protection against herpes , syphilis and chancroid , but genital ulcer STIs can also be transmitted by contact with exposed infected skin .
8 . Condoms are not a particularly reliable method of preventing pregnancy either .
The pregnancy rate among condom users is 12 per 100 women compared with three for oral contraceptives .
However , you need to have been on the Pill for at least a month for it to be effective .
9 . In the UK it is illegal to have consensual sex if you are under 16 , even though nearly a third of teenagers engage in sexual intercourse before this age .
A 16 - year - old boy who has sex with his 15 - year - old girlfriend could , theoretically , be prosecuted .
10 . You should know what to expect ( take a look at avert.org/sfeel2 ) but not expect too much .
May 9th , 2010
Stunning house , designed by SeARCH and Christian Muller Architects , is fully embedded in the alpine landscape of Vals , Switzerland .
The viewing angle from the building is slightly inclined , giving an even more dramatic view of the beautiful mountains .
[ photos by Iwan Baan ]
Organising a Healthy Diet
If we 're honest , most of us will admit that when we hear the word " diet " we equate it with trying to lose weight .
In reality our diets are simply the foods we choose to eat .
Modern diets tend to stray away from the wide variety of healthy , fresh , natural foods that are in season and rely on old favourites instead .
Unfortunately , many of these favourites are pre-packaged , full of preservatives and high in added sugars , salts , and fats .
Rather than letting your diet fall to chance and descend into a buffet of convenience foods , organise a healthy diet starting today !
What is a Healthy Diet ?
Every few months a new fad diet comes along that promises weight loss , a halt to the aging process , and even " optimal health " if you just follow its rules and purchase its ready made meals .
Don 't get hooked on these impostors .
According the British Nutrition Foundation , the basis of a healthy diet is :
A third of your daily food intake to be bread , cereal or potatoes .
Eating 5 different fruits and vegetables per day .
Consuming 2-3 servings of milk or dairy per day .
Sensible portions of meat , fish or alternatives , including 2 servings of fish per week .
A serving or less of fatty or sugary foods per day , including sugary drinks .
Drinking at least six glasses of water per day , and more when you are active .
Is a Healthy Diet Boring ?
One of the most common barriers that prevent people from embarking upon a healthy diet is the idea that it is bland , boring or just plain bad , yet nothing could be further from the truth !
When you sample the robust flavours of fresh foods you 'll wonder how you ever survived on anything else .
Keep your healthy diet exciting by :
Aiming for five different fruits and vegetables each day and outlawing repeats until you've sampled a variety .
Mixing up your breads and cereals . Try whole grains , multi-grains , oatmeal , seeded , and with nuts before you declare a favourite .
Snacking on a different cheese each day . It will take you a while to get through them all since there are literally hundreds of different varieties .
Branching out at the butchers and fishmongers .
Most of us are guilty of sticking to what we know , but take a risk to re-energise the taste buds .
Trying your hand at several new cooking techniques .
While steaming vegetables may be healthy , it certainly doesn 't give the same variety as what you can produce if you also grill , roast and saut .
Investing in a cookbook or two .
Begin by poaching others ' recipes before trying your hand at your own .
But is a Healthy Diet Really Convenient ?
A lot of people will talk themselves out of a healthy diet by saying that it just isn 't convenient .
Don 't get sucked into this lie .
Grabbing an apple is just as convenient as grabbing a chocolate bar
- it 's even got its own wrapper !
Munching your way through a bag of nuts is just as convenient as a bag of sweets at the cinema . Heating up some fresh soup is just as convenient as heating up a ready meal .
While it may take a little bit of planning , eating a healthy diet is neither inconvenient nor impossible , so don 't try to make it that way !
Eating healthfully is one of the most important steps you can take to ensuring that you live a long , healthy life .
In the short term , a healthy diet contributes to clear skin , strong hair and nails , an increase of energy , a decrease of the waistline and helps fight off heart disease , diabetes and even some cancers .
So what are you waiting for ?
Organise your healthy diet today !
Sometimes I think how simple life would be if only simple living meant filling garbage bags with clutter to donate , give away or sell . It 's such a great feeling to fill bags with outgrown clothes , unused gadgets , and stuff that is no longer useful or beautiful in this home and this life .
I dream of a life in which the only clutter was physical  stuff filling the space that I can see . But , it 's not . So much of what complicates life is internal . Feelings , relationships , the mental lists we make , the thoughts that just do n't stop .
It helps to take out the literal garbage bags . It helps to physically remove things from life that just are n't working . After removing those things , the other stuff  the stuff you can 't see  becomes more apparent .
It is so hard to say goodbye , whether it 's to an old ticket stub to a first date movie or a stuffed animal grandma gave you when you were 8 or a friend who is just not working . It 's a lot easier to shove a stuffed animal into a black bag and take it to Goodwill than it is to say goodbye to a friend .
You do n't have to say goodbye to friends or people that are n't working , though . You can say goodbye to resentment . You can say goodbye to the negative feelings .
You can say goodbye to the mental clutter . Right along with the bags full of too small jeans , little kid shoes , and outdated decor . Life can be simplified , one goodbye at a time .
A life of goodbyes does n't look or feel empty .
By saying goodbye to the things that do n't work , or fit , or make a fulfilling life , just think of all the space being made for new wonderful , fulfilling , beautiful experiences , people and things .
With each goodbye is an opportunity for a new hello .
A hello you may never have expected but that may just be the one you need .
The UK had no choice but to opt out of further treaty changes and did the right thing by exercising its veto , analysts told CNBC Friday .
Open Europe , an independent think tank , argued that the UK had no choice but to assert a tougher line to protect the UK 's interests .
Mats Persson , director at Open Europe , told CNBC :
" Cameron did not have a lot of choice in that and he was in a difficult position .
The idea to have safeguards in place to make sure that decisions on the single market , decisions on financial services were made in a way that did not negatively impact on Britain and that was a reasonable demand " , he said .
He added that in many respects there was already a two - speed Europe in existence .
" The euro itself is an example of a policy in which some countries take part we have the Schengen agreement regarding open borders " , Persson added .
Earlier Friday UK Prime Minister David Cameron made a statement outlining his reasons for using the veto to not sign up for any treaty changes .
Controversially , he also stated that Britain would " never join the euro . "
Bill Blain , senior director of special situations group at Newedge , agreed that Cameron had done the right thing and added that the financial transaction tax had been used to make Britain a scapegoat for not getting a full treaty change through .
" The whole concept of a financial transaction tax is a non-starter , it 's not going to happen .
It 's a great way to blame Britain for the failure of 17 other Europeans agreeing anything , let 's not worry about it " , he said .
He added that the agreement from Thursday evening did nothing to address the core issue of a lack of growth in the euro zone and political tensions were likely to increase as a result of not solving the fundamental problems .
Chris Watling , CEO Longview Economics told CNBC that despite the necessity of Britain 's position there were no winners from yesterday 's agreement .
" It was a necessary decision given his ( David Cameron 's ) party 's position so perhaps it 's not surprising .
I do n't think anyone is a winner .
Britain does n't win if the euro falls apart , we 're not immune " , Watling said .
He added that without the ECB backstopping the whole process the agreement remains troubling .
Gemma Godfrey , head of research at Credo Capital added that Cameron was unlikely to regret his decision because he was protecting the UK 's interests .
" Cameron seems to be protecting the UK 's interests .
It is a very conflicted situation and although small steps have been made a lot of uncertainty remains . Why would he sign up to something that is still quite vague at the moment ?
He 's right to take a step back " , she said .
Godfrey added that it was questionable whether this new treaty would have any real clout in resolving the debt crisis once and for all .
" How much authority will this treaty have ?
It 's a treaty within a treaty so it can 't use the power of larger institutions such as the European Court of Justice " , she added .
She said the much talked about sticking point between Cameron and the other EU leaders , the financial transaction tax would indeed hurt the UK economy and it was a misnomer to suggest that it was a ' Robin Hood ' tax that would help the poor .
" It will poison the poor .
It won't be the banks that pay , it will be pension funds and savers because banks will pass the cost on .
We saw in Sweden that it actually causes tax revenues to fall and increases job losses " , Godfrey said . 
Spotted hyenas grunt and growl .
But you know what they 're famous for . [ Hyena sounds ] . So what 's all the laughing about ?
Well , field researchers have noticed that groups of hyenas tend to giggle around a kill , while they 're waiting for their hunk of meat .
Now a study in the journal BMC Ecology says the chuckles may communicate things like age , identity and social status .
Which is important stuff for figuring out who gets the tastiest cut of zebra .
Researchers studied a clan of spotted hyenas living in a sanctuary behind the U.C. Berkeley campus .
They enticed 17 hungry hyenas with bones or pieces of meat , and recorded about 250 bouts of giggling .
Then they ran those sound bites through various computer algorithms , running statistical analyses and drawing up spectrograms .
The result ?
They say a giggle 's pitch and timbre establish a hyena 's identity , and that pitch indicates age .
But the giggle also tells you who 's boss .
A relatively monotone giggle [ hyena sound ] and you 're first to the meat . A more erratic , variable giggle ?
[ Hyena sound ] Get back in line . The researchers next plan to study hyenas in the wild . Just for laughs .
Losing weight is difficult , and keeping it off may be even harder .
So Harvard researchers set out to determine exactly how much physical activity women need in midlife to avoid gaining weight as they age .
The researchers found that an hour of moderate activity a day  including such recreational activities as brisk walking , leisurely bicycling , ballroom dancing and playing with children  prevented women of normal weight from gaining more than five pounds over any three - year period .
Half that amount of vigorous activity , like running , jogging or fast biking , will do the trick as well , they said .
Women who got the same amount of exercise but were heavier to start with were not able to avoid gaining weight , however . Neither were women of normal weight who got less than seven hours a week of moderate activity , according to the study , published in the March 24 issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association .
The average weight gain over the course of the 15 - year study , which followed 34,079 healthy women with an average age of 54 at the beginning , was just over five pounds .
The researchers did not take diet into account .
" It 's so hard to lose weight and maintain the loss , so whatever weight you are , you should try to stay that weight  that is a success " , said the paper 's lead author , Dr . I-Min Lee , an associate professor of epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health .
But any amount of exercise is beneficial , she emphasized .
" People should n't just throw up their hands and say , ' Sixty minutes ? I can 't do that ' , and give up .
Health is more than weight " .
On Sunday it was Mother's Day here in the UK .
So , to help children of all ages celebrate their mums , the country 's largest children 's charity the NSPCC ( National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children ) launched a neat little fundraising microsite offering virtual flowers that donors could send via their mum 's email or mobile phone on the morning of the big day in return for a 5 donation .
I 'm not too sure quite how those mums at the receiving end will have felt when their usual chocolates or roses were replaced by an email or text message , but it 's a nice example of a charity extending the reach of its online fundraising activity to incorporate internet - equipped mobile phones .
With well over 10m people in the UK now using smartphones to browse the web , and that number growing by the month , I 'm surprised that more charities are n't already taking advantage of the emerging opportunities to engage people through their phones as an extension to traditional ' virtual gift ' offerings like Oxfam 's ' Unwrapped ' .
However , I expect we 'll see a lot more such campaigns over the coming months as fundraisers realise that mobile fundraising can now go way beyond just telemarketing and SMS donations .
My wife loves watching american idol from beginning to end . I just like the opening rounds .
at the beginning of each season , the judges travel from city to city handing out golden tickets to hollywood to an unspecified number of contestants .
the opening rounds are funny :
really awful singers make us laugh .
the opening rounds are surprising : people you would never expect to be great singers knock your socks off .
the opening rounds are inspiring : people overcoming great odds to earn a shot at greatness .
and the opening rounds are a fascinating study into human nature because inevitably , there will be a number of 20 - year old contestants who proudly believe they know more than the judges .
their story is the same each time :
a young , good-looking contestant will arrive with a large number of friends and typically a doting set of parents .
he / she will march in front of the judges and declare that they are the next american idol .
they are confident of this fact because they have been told countless times by " everyone they meet " that they are a great singer .
they will sing for the judges .
the judges will not be impressed and will inform ( some tactfully , some bluntly ) the contestant that he/she does not have the talent necessary to make it as a singer .
the prideful contestant who would rather live in denial rather than face the truth will tell the judges that they are wrong  that he / she knows better than the judges and " will show them someday " .
the contestant will leave the room enraged ( often times with tears in their eyes . )
there is a common theme in business literature these days that states one key to success is to focus on your strengths , not your weaknesses .
the basic idea states , " we all have strengths .
we all have weaknesses .
we do ourselves a disservice when we focus too much energy on fixing our weaknesses rather than developing our strengths .
highly successful people improve their strengths and delegate their weaknesses " .
this principle , properly applied , leads to less clutter and less distraction in our lives .
the fascinating study into human nature that american idol provides us is this :
" many people focus so much energy on what they want to be , they miss out completely on who they really are " .
these contestants on american idol have been given a rare gift :
experts have spoken truth into their lives about their weaknesses .
and they would be wise to heed their advice and begin investing their time and energy into their strengths .
we all have strengths . we all have weaknesses .
sometimes the first step in eliminating distractions from our lives is in realizing what we 're not .
A cabbie picks up a nun .
She gets into the cab , and the cab driver won't stop staring at her .
She asks him why he is staring .
He replies :
" I have a question to ask you , but I do n't want to offend you . "
She answers , " My son , you can not offend me .
When you 're as old as I am and have been a nun as long as I have , you get a chance to see and hear just about everything .
I 'm sure that there 's nothing you could say or ask that I would find offensive " .
" Well , I 've always had a fantasy to have a nun kiss me " .
She responds , " Well , let 's see what we can do about that .
But first , you have to be single and you must be Catholic " .
The cab driver is very excited and says , " Yes , I 'm single and Catholic " !
" OK " the nun says . " Pull into the next alley , " maybe we will see what we can do .
" The nun fulfills his fantasy with a kiss that would make a hooker blush .
But when they get back on the road , the cab driver starts crying . "
My dear child " , said the nun , why are you crying " ?
" Forgive me , but I 've sinned . I lied .
I must confess , I 'm married and I 'm Jewish " .
The nun says , " That 's OK , my name is Kevin and I 'm going to a Halloween party " .
Today 's smart phones have all the speed , storage , and network connectivity of desktop computers from a few years ago .
Because of this , they 're a treasure trove of personal information -- and likely the next battleground for computer security .
What makes smart phones attractive -- the ability to customize them by downloading applications -- is what makes them dangerous .
Apps make the mobile phone a real computer , and Apple 's App Store has been a key factor in the phone 's success .
But apps also make smart phones a target for cyber criminals .
Apple knows that it would n't take more than a few malicious apps to tarnish the iPhone 's reputation .
That 's why the App Store is a walled community .
The only apps that get listed are those that have been approved by Apple .
To get approved , developers must create a developer account and pay an annual fee .
A team at Apple evaluates and approves each version of each application that is made available .
Apple reportedly turns down roughly 10 percent of applications submitted to the App Store because they would steal personal data , they contain " inappropriate content " , or are designed to help a user break the law .
Google has taken a fundamentally different approach to ensuring the security of smart phones running Android . Like Apple , Android also has a store , called the Android Marketplace , from which users can download applications . But unlike Apple , any application can be uploaded to the Android Marketplace--Google does n't evaluate them first .
What protects Android users from malicious applications is a security model based on " capabilities " .
Each Android app must tell a phone 's OS what capabilities it requires . When you install the application , the operating system lists the capabilities that the application needs to run .
You can then decide if those capabilities are consistent with what the application claims it will to .
For example , the TaxCaster Mobile application from Intuit requires " full Internet access " because it needs to take your input , send it to Intuit 's servers , and show you the results .
On the other hand , the Slacker Radio application from Slacker requires Bluetooth , full Internet access , modify / delete access to your SD card , the ability to change audio settings , the ability to read the identity of incoming phone calls , the ability to change Wi-Fi state , and the ability to prevent your phone from sleeping .
As you can see , I brought a few things with me for this week 's video .
A padlock . A pair of boots . A candle . And a pair of socks .
No , we 're not having a yard sale .
And these products may not appear to have much in common .
But they 're united by three proud words :
" Made in America " .
They 're manufactured by American workers , in American factories , and shipped to customers here and around the world .
The companies that make these products are part of a hopeful trend :
they 're bringing jobs back from overseas .
You 've heard of outsourcing  well , this is insourcing .
And in this make or break moment for the middle class and those working to get into the middle class , that 's exactly the kind of commitment to country that we need .
This week , I invited executives from businesses that are insourcing jobs to a forum at the White House .
These are CEOs who take pride in hiring people here in America , not just because it 's increasingly the right thing to do for their bottom line , but also because it 's the right thing to do for their workers and for our communities and our country .
I told those CEOs what I 'll tell any business leader :
ask yourself what you can do to bring more jobs back to the country that made your success possible .
And I 'll make sure you 've got a government that does everything in its power to help you succeed .
That 's why , in the next few weeks , I will put forward new tax proposals that reward companies that choose to do the right thing by bringing jobs home and investing in America  and eliminate tax breaks for companies that move jobs overseas .
It 's also why on Friday , I called on Congress to help me make government work better for you .
Right now , we have a 21st century economy , but we 've still got a government organized for the 20th century .
Over the years , the needs of Americans have changed , but our government has not .
In fact , it 's gotten even more complex .
And that has to change .
That 's why I asked Congress to reinstate the authority that past presidents have had to streamline and reform the Executive Branch .
This is the same sort of authority that every business owner has to make sure that his or her company keeps pace with the times .
It 's the same authority that presidents had for over 50 years  up until Ronald Reagan .
And let me be clear :
I will only use this authority for reforms that result in more efficiency , better service , and a leaner government .
These changes will make it easier for small business owners to get the loans and support they need to sell their products around the world .
For example , instead of forcing small business owners to navigate the six departments and agencies in the federal government that focus on business and trade , we 'll have one department .
One place where entrepreneurs can go from the day they come up with an idea and need a patent , to the day they start building a warehouse , to the day they 're ready to ship their products overseas .
And in the meantime , we 're creating a new website  Business USA  that will serve as a one - stop shop with information for businesses small and large that want to start selling their stuff around the world .
This means that more small business owners will see their hard work pay off .
More companies will be able to hire new workers .
And we 'll be able to rebuild an economy that 's not known for paper profits or financial speculation , but for making and selling products like these . Products " Made in America " .
Thank you , and have a great weekend .
Through a network of more than 5,000 volunteers , the Center for Biological Diversity is distributing 350,000 free Endangered Species Condoms in all 50 states to highlight how unsustainable human population growth is driving species extinct at a cataclysmic rate .
At 6.8 billion people , the human race is not only the most populous large mammal on Earth but the most populous large mammal that has ever existed .
Providing for the needs and wants of this many people  especially those in high - consumption , first - world nations  has pushed homo sapiens to absorb 50 percent of the planet 's freshwater and develop 50 percent of its landmass .
As a result , other species are running out of places to live .
Human overpopulation is the driving force behind the current mass - extinction crisis endangering :  12 percent of mammals  12 percent of birds  31 percent of reptiles  30 percent of amphibians  37 percent of fish
To help people understand the impact of overpopulation on other species , and to give them a chance to take action in their own lives , the Center is distributing free packets of Endangered Species Condoms depicting six separate species :
the polar bear , snail darter , spotted owl , American burying beetle , jaguar , and coqu guajn rock frog .
The beautifully designed packages , featuring clever slogans , are being distributed by a network of 5,000 volunteers ranging from ministers to grandmothers to healthcare providers to college students and biologists .
The condoms will be handed out at concerts , bars , universities , spiritual groups , local events , and farmer 's markets .
Along with two condoms , each package contains original artwork and information on the species , facts about overpopulation and the extinction crisis , and suggestions on how the human population can be stabilized .
To help ensure a world that is livable for other species  and healthy and prosperous for us  practice responsible reproduction , learn more about the Center 's campaign to address overpopulation , and sign up to win a life supply of free Endangered Species Condoms .
Global weight gain more damaging than rising numbers
Extra weight could be the equivalent of adding an extra billion people to the planet .
Researchers say if increasing levels of fatness are replicated globally it could mean the equivalent of an extra billion people on the planet .
The team estimated the total weight of people on the planet and found that North America had the highest average .
Although only 6% of the global population live there , it is responsible for more than a third of the obesity .
The research is published in the journal BMC Public Health .
In their report , the researchers from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine calculate the weight of the global population at 287 million tonnes .
They estimate that 15 million tonnes of this mass is due to people being overweight , and 3.5 million tonnes due to obesity .
Using World Health Organization data from 2005 , the scientists worked out that the average global body weight was 62kg .
But there were huge regional differences .
In North America , the average was 80.7kg ( 178lb , ) while in Asia it was 57.7kg ( 127lb ) .
While Asia accounts for 61% of the global population , it only accounts for 13% of the weight of the world due to obesity .
One of the authors of the paper , Prof Ian Roberts , explained the thinking behind the calculation .
" When people think about environmental sustainability , they immediately focus on population .
Actually , when it comes down to it - it 's not how many mouths there are to feed , it 's how much flesh there is on the planet " .
Weight of the world The researchers say that just focusing on obesity in individuals or in groups is divisive and unhelpful .
" One of the problems with definitions of obesity is that it fosters a ' them and us ' ideal . Actually , we 're all getting fatter " . Prof Roberts told BBC News .
The scientists also compiled tables of the heaviest and lightest countries according to their estimates .
The US , with its well documented problems with weight , is top of the list .
If the rest of the world were to emulate the Americans , Prof Roberts says , it would have dramatic implications for the planet .
Japanese people have a low average BMI but high standards of living .
" If every country in the world had the same level of fatness that we see in the USA , in weight terms that would be like an extra billion people of world average body mass " , he explained .
While countries like Eritrea , Vietnam and Ethiopia are at the other end of the scale from the US , the researchers argue it is not sufficient to say that being skinny is just a factor of poverty .
The researchers point to a country like Japan which , according to Professor Roberts , could be a model for others .
" The Japanese example is quite strong .
Average BMI ( Body Mass Index ) in USA in 2005 was 28.7. In Japan , it was 22 .
You can be lean without being really poor , and Japan seems to have pulled that off " .
Car culture But other countries in the top 10 most weighty are more of a surprise , and include Kuwait , Croatia , Qatar and Egypt .
Prof Roberts says that the high number of Arab countries is due to the impact of the automobile .
" One of the most important determinants of average body mass index is motor vehicle gas consumption per capita .
So , it is no surprise to see many of the Arab countries in the list - people eat but they move very little because they drive everywhere " .
The research team hopes its work will prompt new thinking about how the world weighs up issues of consumption , weight and population growth .
" We often point the finger at poor women in Africa having too many babies " , says Prof Roberts .
" But we 've also got to think of this fatness thing ;
it 's part of the same issue of exceeding our planetary limits " . How much is the world over-eating ?
You love to eat , but you also love to feel great .
You can do both if you choose foods that make you smarter , leaner , stronger  and then use them in tasty new ways .
We 've made that easy to do with Health ' stop 10 superfoods for women .
They were selected by our panel of experts for their mega benefits  from bone building and energy boosting to fat busting and disease fighting .
When you mix and match these America 's Healthiest choices , you get super combos with even more power  a breakfast that 's good for your heart , a dinner that fights cancer , a sweet treat that helps keep your tummy calm and mind sharp .
Plus , we 've rounded up 15 delicious , benefit - packed runners-up , too . So read on ( and start eating ) for a super you in 2010 .
Wild alaskan salmon " It 's all about omega-3s " , says health guru Andrew Weil , MD , explaining why fish like sockeye top his must - eat list for women . All of our experts agreed :
wild salmon packs a wallop with two kinds of heart - healthy omega-3s , including DHA , a fatty acid essential for a healthy pregnancy .
Omega-3s also boost mood , fight depression , and may protect against Alzheimer 's disease and cancer . Add in salmon 's lean protein and vitamin D ( a critical nutrient many women lack , ) and you 've got yourself a near - perfect food .
How much you need :
Eat at least two servings of a fatty fish like salmon a week , the American Heart Association recommends .
Can 't find it fresh ? Canned wild Alaskan salmon is almost as good , says Steven Pratt , MD , author of Super Foods Rx and Super Health .
Wild blueberries If berries are nutritional treasures , wild blueberries are the crown jewels . " They 're truly one of nature 's ultimate anti aging foods " , says Kate Geagan , MS , RD , author of Go Green Get Lean .
Research suggests the tiny gems not only help prevent memory loss but also may improve motor skills and help lower blood pressure .
Another reason to love ' em : they 're high in antioxidants that help fight wrinkles .
Why choose wild ? When scientists at Cornell University came up with a new way of testing the antioxidant activity in foods , wild blueberries scored the highest .
They have compounds called anthocyanins , one of the most powerful forms of antioxidants .
Another plus : at only 80 calories a cup , you can eat them without guilt .
How much you need :
Aim for a half - cup to one cup of any kind of berries a day , but mix in wild blueberries as much as possible . Many supermarkets carry them frozen .
Oats We all know that oats can help lower cholesterol .
Now scientists say oats , rich in soluble and insoluble fiber , are also good for helping you feel full so you can control your weight .
They keep you regular , too . Which type of oats should you choose ?
If you 're making oat meal , steel - cut oat stake longer to cook than rolled oats but deliver more fiber , says Health Senior Food and Nutrition Editor Frances Largeman-Roth , RD .
Always in a morning rush ? Instant works , too .
How much you need :
Add oats ( and other whole grains ) to your diet through out the day .
The American Heart Association recommends 25 to 30 grams of dietary fiber a day  that 's about six times the amount of fiber in an average serving of oat meal . So eat up !
Broccoli This humble vegetable is a winner , thanks to research that suggests the chemicals in cruciferous vegetables , especially broccoli , may help prevent breast cancer by fighting excess estrogen .
Rich in vitamin C and a good source of vitamin A , broccoli helps you feel full on less than 30 calories per serving . And it gets bonus points for fiber , folate ( folic acid , ) calcium , iron , and potassium .
Cooked or raw , broccoli delivers a nutrient punch , says John La Puma , MD , host of What's Cooking With ChefMD ? and author of ChefMD's Big Book ofCulinary Medicine .
How much you need :
Eat two or more half - cup servings of cooked broccoli per week . Walnuts " Protein , fiber , vitamins , minerals , and omega-3s  what else is there to say " ? asks David L . Katz , MD , MPH , associate professor at the Yale School of Medicine .
Eating just a handful of walnuts a day can help you lower cholesterol , boost brain power , sleep better , cope with stress , prevent heart disease , fight cancer , and more .
In fact , a new study showed that walnuts appeared to lower the risk of breast cancer in mice .
How much you need :
Have one ounce ( about 12 walnut halves ) daily .
Avocados Yes , they 're high in fat . But in this case that 's not a bad thing . " We should n't be so fat phobic " , says Cheryl Forberg , RD , nutritionist for The Biggest Loser and author of Positively Ageless .
The heart - healthy mono unsaturated fatty acids ( MUFAs ) in avocados can actually help you lose belly fat , a risk factor for heart disease and even fertility problems .
Avocados also pack high amounts of potassium , magnesium , folate , protein , and vitamins B6 , E , and K . Add to that fiber and cholesterol - lowering plant sterols , and you have one nutrient - dense food .
How much you need :
Limit yourself to one-quarter to one-half an avocado a day . Red Beans Beans of any kind are nutrition dynamos . But red beans made our top 10 list for several reasons :
they 're rich in antioxidants and packed with protein , folate , minerals , and fiber , including resistant starch .
" That 's the hot new thing in fiber research " , says Health Contributing Editor Maureen Callahan , MS , RD . Resistant starch seems to have several important benefits , like boosting the body 's ability to burn fat , helping you feel full , controlling blood sugars , and even reducing cancer risk .
Do n't have time to cook a pot of dried beans ? Canned beans are a good option , too , says Liz Applegate , PhD , director of sports nutrition at the University of California , Davis .
How much you need :
Enjoy three cups of cooked beans a week .
Worried about getting gassy ? Build up slowly , David Grotto , RD , suggests . Start with one tablespoon of beans a day and double the amount each week .
Rinsing canned beans before using also eases the problem .
Greek yogurt We love its thick , creamy texture and tangy taste .
But when it comes to yogurt , there are plenty more reasons you 'll want to go Greek .
" It 's rich in calcium and good for our bones " , dietitian Kate Geagan says .
In fact , one serving supplies nearly one-fourth of a woman 's daily calcium needs , and the fat - free variety is packed with twice as much protein as regular yogurt .
Fat - free Greek yogurt is also high in probiotics , cultures that can help ease irritable bowel syndrome , a condition that affects mostly women .
And even though the evidence is inconclusive , some experts say probiotics help boost immunity  a plus during flu season .
How much you need :
Have at least three servings of dairy a day ; fat-free Greek yogurt is a good choice . " It 's a healthy swap for artery - clogging sour cream " , Geagan says .
Olive oil No list would be complete without this flavorful oil .
A staple of the Mediterranean diet , it has long been linked to heart health and longevity .
But mounting evidence shows that olive oil may be good for your brain , too .
A study from Columbia University suggests that sticking to a Mediterranean diet not only protects against Alzheimer 's disease but also helps with mild fuzzy thinking .
And that 's not all : findings from a 2008 study in Spain suggested that compounds in extra - virgin olive oil seem to fight certain kinds of breast cancer .
Substitute olive oil for other fats : use it on bread instead of butter and in the place of less - healthy cooking oils .
How much you need :
Get two tablespoons a day ; it may lower your risk of heart disease . Dark chocolate It 's " the food you love that loves you back " , Dr . Katz says .
Rich in heart - protective antioxidants , dark chocolate can help reduce the risk of stroke and heart disease .
It 's loaded with magnesium , manganese , copper , zinc , and phosphorus  all important for strong bones .
Studies suggest chocolate may also help hydrate the skin , lower blood pressure , and sharpen thinking .
And then there 's the fun factor . " Chocolate is a sensual pleasure , something women often do n't get enough of in their food " , Dr . La Puma says . We say , let the pleasure begin .
How much you need :
Eat just one-quarter ounce a day . And be sure to look for kinds made with at least 70 % cocoa .
Add these for even more power These 15 runners-up are also full of healthy goodness . Almonds They lower cholesterol and may help you lose weight .
In fact , in one study people who added almonds to a low - calorie diet were better able to lose weight and keep it off .
Beef The zinc in lean beef may help build immunity , while its high iron content fights fatigue and iron - deficiency anemia .
Eggs Long under appreciated , eggs are a high - quality protein that 's rich in vitamins D and A and low in saturated fat .
They also have choline , recently in the news for its importance in brain function .
And they deliver two kinds of carotenoids essential for healthy eyes .
Green tea This beverage all - star may fight cancer and heart disease , and help prevent dementia , diabetes , and stroke . It hydrates like water , too , so it helps fight fatigue .
Bonus : drink four cups a day , and you 'll kick up your calorie burn by 80 calories .
Kefir Think of it as a smoothie that 's good for your gut . Rich in calcium and protein , the tangy drink has probiotics that help with digestion and can soothe intestinal problems like irritable bowel syndrome .
Lentils A great source of energy , lentils deliver protein , fiber , and antioxidants .
Organic milk ( fat - free or low - fat ) It 's a rich source of protein , calcium , and vitamin D ( a nutrient women are often low on . )
Pumpkin seeds Packed with protein , zinc , magnesium , and selenium , pumpkin seeds help protect against depression and heart disease , and may ease motion sickness .
Quinoa An excellent source of protein , quinoa is also high in bone - boosting minerals like copper , phosphorous , iron , and magnesium . Plus , it 's a good source of PMS - fighting manganese .
Raisins Here 's a great snack with energy - boosting carbs , in addition to fiber , iron , and vitamin C .
Raisins are high in natural sugar , yes , but their special phytochemicals help fight tooth decay .
Soybeans They 're a terrific vegetarian source of protein . And eating moderate amounts of natural soy foods may lower the risk of breast cancer and keep bones strong after menopause .
Spinach This leafy green is loaded with vitamins A , C , and K , and lutein  an essential nutrient for healthy eyes .
Next : Sweet potatoes Sweet potatoes High in cancer - fighting antioxidants , sweet potatoes are loaded with energy - boosting carbs , plus fiber , vitamins , manganese , and potassium .
Tart cherries One of the highest - antioxidant foods around , they help fight memory loss , heart disease , high cholesterol , and diabetes .
Tomatoes You can 't beat ' em as a source of lycopene , a powerful antioxidant that may help protect against cervical and breast cancers .
The lycopene in tomatoes act like a sunscreen ; eating them cooked can quadruple the SPF in your skin . And the polyphenols in tomatoes thin your blood naturally , so they 're good for your heart .
Cook them with broccoli for even greater benefits .
Jack Bogle Vanguard Group founder , who popularized investing through index funds Best advice I can give :
There is much that is worrisome in our economy .
That 's why your bond position should be commensurate with your age .
In my case that means I have more than 80 % in bonds . Someone in their fifties should consider 50 % .
The value of the bond position is not just that it provides you some protection in a down market -- it does , of course . But its value is that it keeps you from making behavioral errors such as selling stocks during a panic .
Best advice I ever got :
In the summer of 1949 , I had a job as a runner at a brokerage firm .
And one of the other guys working as a runner said , " Let me tell you all you need to know about the investment business : Nobody knows nuthin " . '
Sign Language special : toilet humour Can dos and don'ts
The National Theatre comes in for greater scrutiny than any other in the country .
It must , in a sense , be all things to all people , a distillation of the rest of the theatre ecology while at the same time fill any gaps .
In his 1956 essay on " the need for a national theatre , " critic Kenneth Tynan laid out a list of its primary functions :
" presenting Shakespeare  reviving the rest of our classical drama , presenting new plays and the best of foreign drama , and preventing recent plays of merit from rusting in oblivion " .
The National has a strong record with all of these  with one glaring exception : foreign drama .
Admittedly it 's an ambiguous phrase , which could refer to either new productions of foreign plays or productions from overseas .
The former is catered for , the latter not so much .
Though foreign companies routinely feature in the National 's outdoor programme Watch This Space each summer , they have barely been seen inside since Nicholas Hytner took over in 2003 .
Steppenwolf 's August : Osage County and Sizwe Banzi is Dead from South Africa 's Baxter Theatre are the only two productions imported from outside the UK and Ireland .
In the two years beforehand , under Trevor Nunn , the National had hosted Yukio Ninagawa 's company , Robert Lepage 's Ex Machina and Australia 's Company B Belvoir .
Nunn 's very first year ( 1989 ) included four such imported productions from Argentina 's Teatro del Sur , Moscow Art Theatre , Steppenwolf and Ninagawa Company , and imports continued throughout his tenure  but then they abruptly stop .
One reason for this , presumably , is that Hytner 's succession coincided with Bite , the Barbican 's international programme , which became a year - round operation after the RSC left the building .
If London had its share of international work , the argument perhaps ran  and you could also cite the seasonal Lift and Mime festival programmes  the National no longer needed to fill the gap .
Plus there 's the expense of producing and discovering such work .
And , as Tynan put it , should n't the National be somewhere " we can send our guests , confidently saying ' This is our theatre 's best . On this we stand ? " '
But it 's not as if there 's a trade cap on international theatre , which , by exposing audiences to different theatrical methods , plays a vital role in our theatre ecology .
Apart from anything else , the impact on homegrown work can be vast .
British theatre has n't looked back since Brecht and the Berliner Ensemble visited the Royal Court in 1956 .
Lyn Gardner has made a similar prophecy about Ivo van Hove and Toneelgroep  to which I 'd add the brash irreverence with which Thomas Ostermeier tackled Hamlet , seen at the Barbican last weekend , and Ontroerend Goed 's work at the Edinburgh fringe .
Many of our major theatremakers  from Complicite to Katie Mitchell  have had to go overseas to shape their practice .
There 's no doubting the influence and importance of international work .
The question is :
does it fall within the National 's remit ?
I 'd say yes .
With the influx of international work next year ( World Stages , the World Shakespeare festival , Globe to Globe , Lift and others ) it looks increasingly isolated in not doing so .
And more than any other theatre , the National has a responsibility to consider the future of British theatre and extend the possibilities .
To do so , it needs to present alternative models in the form of international theatre . At the same time , part of its job is to place " our " theatre in a global context .
It is uniquely placed , as part of a network of other national theatres , to offer a cross - cultural pollination .
While it 's brilliant that its own work is seen around the world , should n't the process be two - way ?
British theatre frequently crowns itself the best in the world . The accusation that comes back is that this is a pompous and blind superiority complex , that it reeks of an island mentality and , worse , old - fashioned imperialism .
However , while our national theatre continues to programme almost exclusively homegrown work , we can hardly refute the charge .
Imagine a Tate Britain that only showed British artists , a British Library that only stocked British authors , and a Proms that played nothing but Land of Hope and Glory on a loop .
Why is our national theatre doing likewise ?
Deception is rampantand sometimes we tell the biggest lies to those we love most .
Not surprisingly , research also confirms that the closer we are to someone , the more likely it is that the lies we tell them will be altruistic ones .
This is particularly true of women : Although the sexes lie with equal frequency , women are especially likely to stretch the truth in order to protect someone else 's feelings , DePaulo reports .
Men , on the other hand , are more prone to lying about themselves  the typical conversation between two guys contains about eight times as many self - oriented lies as it does falsehoods about other people .
Men and women may also differ in their ability to deceive their friends .
In a University of Virginia study , psychologists asked pairs of same - sex friends to try to detect lies told by the other person .
Six months later the researchers repeated the experiment with the same participants .
While women had become slightly better at detecting their friend 's lies over time , men did n't show any improvement  evidence , perhaps , that women are particularly good at learning to read their friends more accurately as a relationship deepens .
Who Lies ?
Saxe believes that anyone under enough pressure , or given enough incentive , will lie .
But in a study published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , DePaulo and Deborah A . Kashy , Ph.D , . of Texas A &amp; M University , report that frequent liars tend to be manipulative and Machiavellian , not to mention overly concerned with the impression they make on others .
Still , DePaulo warns that liars " do n't always fit the stereotype of caring only about themselves .
Further research reveals that extroverted , sociable people are slightly more likely to lie , and that some personality and physical traits  notably self - confidence and physical attractiveness  have been linked to an individual 's skill at lying when under pressure .
On the other hand , the people least likely to lie are those who score high on psychological scales of responsibility and those with meaningful same - sex friendships .
In his book Lies !
Lies !
Lies !
The Psychology of Deceit ( American Psychiatric Press , Inc , ) . psychiatrist Charles Ford , M.D. , adds depressed people to that list .
He suggests that individuals in the throes of depression seldom deceive others  or are deceived themselves  because they seem to perceive and describe reality with greater accuracy than others .
Several studies show that depressed people delude themselves far less than their nondepressed peers about the amount of control they have over situations , and also about the effect they have on other people .
Researchers such as UCLA psychologist Shelley Taylor , Ph.D , . have even cited such findings as evidence that a certain amount of self - delusion  basically , lying to yourself  is essential to good mental health .
( Many playwrights , including Arthur Miller and Eugene O ' Neill , seem to share the same view about truth-telling .
In Death of a Salesman and The Iceman Cometh , for example , lies are life sustaining :
The heroes become tragic figures when their lies are stripped away ) . Detecting Lies Anyone who has played cards with a poker-faced opponent can appreciate how difficult it is to detect a liar .
Surprisingly , technology does n't help very much .
Few experts display much confidence in the deception - detecting abilities of the polygraph , or lie detector .
Geoffrey C . Bunn , Ph.D , . a psychologist and polygraph historian at Canada 's York University , goes so far as to describe the lie detector as " an entertainment device " rather than a scientific instrument .
Created around 1921 during one of the first collaborations between scientists and police , the device was quickly popularized by enthusiastic newspaper headlines and by the element of drama it bestowed in movies and novels .
But mass appeal does n't confer legitimacy . The problem with the polygraph , say experts like Bunn , is that it detects fear , not lying ;
the physiological responses that it measures  most often heart rate , skin conductivity , and rate of respiration  do n't necessarily accompany dishonesty . "
The premise of a lie detector is that a smoke alarm goes off in the brain when we lie because we 're doing something wrong " , explains Saxe . "
But sometimes we 're completely comfortable with our lies .
" Thus a criminal 's lie can easily go undetected if he has no fear of telling it .
Similarly , a true statement by an innocent individual could be misinterpreted if the person is sufficiently afraid of the examination circumstances .
According to Saxe , the best - controlled research suggests that lie detectors err at a rate anywhere from 25 to 75 percent .
Perhaps this is why most state and federal courts won't allow polygraph " evidence .
" Some studies suggest that lies can be detected by means other than a polygraph  by tracking speech hesitations or changes in vocal pitch , for example , or by identifying various nervous adaptive habits like scratching , blinking , or fidgeting .
But most psychologists agree that lie detection is destined to be imperfect .
Still , researchers continue to investigate new ways of picking up lies .
While studying how language patterns are associated with improvements in physical health , James W . Pennebaker , Ph.D , . a professor of psychology at Southern Methodist University , also began to explore whether a person 's choice of words was a sign of deception .
Examining data gathered from a text analysis program , Pennebaker and SMU colleague Diane Berry , Ph.D , . determined that there are certain language patterns that predict when someone is being less than honest .
For example , liars tend to use fewer first person words like I or my in both speech and writing .
They are also less apt to use emotional words , such as hurt or angry , cognitive words , like understand or realize , and so-called exclusive words , such as but or without , that distinguish between what is and is n't in a category .
Not Guilty While the picture of lying that has emerged in recent years is far more favorable than that suggested by its biblical " thou shalt not " status , most liars remain at least somewhat conflicted about their behavior .
In DePaulo 's studies , participants described conversations in which they lied as less intimate and pleasant than truthful encounters , suggesting that people are not entirely at ease with their deceptions .
That may explain why falsehoods are more likely to be told over the telephone , which provides more anonymity than a face-to-face conversation .
In most cases , however , any mental distress that results from telling an everyday lie quickly dissipates .
Those who took part in the diary study said they would tell about 75 percent of their lies again if given a second chance  a position no doubt bolstered by their generally high success rate .
Only about a fifth of their falsehoods were discovered during the one - week study period .
Certainly anyone who insists on condemning all lies should ponder what would happen if we could reliably tell when our family , friends , colleagues , and government leaders were deceiving us .
It 's tempting to think that the world would become a better place when purged of the deceptions that seem to interfere with our attempts at genuine communication or intimacy .
On the other hand , perhaps our social lives would collapse under the weight of relentless honesty , with unveiled truths destroying our ability to connect with others .
The ubiquity of lying is clearly a problem , but would we want to will away all of our lies ?
Let 's be honest .
Jane Bryant Quinn The dean of personal - finance columnists and author of " Making the Most of Your Money Now " Best advice I can give :
Many people are now going into retirement with debt .
So how about this for an old-fashioned idea ?
Pay off your mortgage before you retire if you want financial safety and security .
There is bankruptcy among people in their seventies and eighties who had a lot of debt that they could n't carry when the paychecks stopped .
Best advice I ever got :
In the mid - 1970s I met Vanguard founder Jack Bogle , who was calling up reporters to get them to write about an index fund .
I had lunch with him , and he showed me studies and materials ,
and I said , " This can 't be true -- actively managed mutual funds have always dominated " .
But I took his stuff with me and called him a few times about it , and suddenly a light went off .
And of course since then an S&amp;P 500 index fund , over time , has done better than managed funds .
A view of the central region of the Perseus galaxy cluster , one of the most massive objects in the universe , shows the effects that a relatively small but supermassive black hole can have millions of miles beyond its core .
Astronomers studying this photo , taken by the Chandra X - ray Observatory , determined that sound waves emitted by explosive venting around the black hole are heating the surrounding area and inhibiting star growth some 300,000 light - years away .
" In relative terms , it is as if a heat source the size of a fingernail affects the behavior of a region the size of Earth " , said Andrew Fabian of Cambridge University .
Black Hole Wind Photograph courtesy .
Ogle et al / . STScI / A . Capetti et al A composite x - ray / optical image of the active NGC 1068 galaxy reveals an enormous plume of hot gas emanating from the supermassive black hole at the galaxy 's center .
Scientists think the shape and speed of the plume , which moves at about 1 million miles an hour ( 1.6 million kilometers an hour , ) are caused by the funneling effect of a doughnut - shaped ring of cooler gas and dust that surrounds the black hole .
Unexpected X - Rays Photograph courtesy .
Martini et al . In 2000 , astronomers studying the A2104 galaxy cluster ( in blue ) discovered powerful x - rays emanating from several black holes in regions previously thought too old and devoid of gas to create such radiation .
They had expected to find perhaps one such x - ray source in the area , but instead found six .
The discovery , made using the Chandra X - ray Observatory , changed many of the assumptions scientists had made about the life cycles of galaxies and black holes . Intermediate - Mass Black Hole
Photograph courtesy NASA / CXC / U . of Michigan / J . Liu et al / .
Boroson Astronomers think the object shown in this Chandra X - ray Observatory image ( in box ) may be an elusive intermediate - mass black hole .
Located about 32 million light - years from Earth in the Messier 74 galaxy ( M74 , ) this object emits periodic bursts of x - rays at a rate that suggests it is much larger than a stellar - mass black hole but significantly smaller than the supermassive black holes found at the centers of galaxies .
Few such middling black holes have been discovered , and scientists are n't sure how they form .
X - Ray Jet llustration courtesy .
Weiss An artist 's rendering , made using data collected by the orbiting Chandra X - ray Observatory , shows a quasar galaxy with a jet of high - energy particles extending more than 100,000 light - years from the supermassive black hole at its center .
The object , located 12 billion light - years from Earth , is the most distant such jet ever detected .
These quasar jets are formed when electrons emitted from a black hole impact with cosmic background radiation left by the big bang , giving astronomers clues about the conditions in the early universe .
The opposition 's boycott of planned elections is understandable and principled  but still regrettable
From The Economist print edition OFFERED a choice between political suicide and a crippled half-life as a legal party ,
Myanmar 's main opposition force this week , unlike Hamlet , reached for the bare bodkin .
Heeding the reported advice of its detained figurehead , Aung San Suu Kyi , the National League for Democracy announced in effect its own termination by refusing to register for the elections the ruling junta has promised to stage later this year .
A boycott was the only option if the party was to remain true to its democratic ideals . But it was also , probably , a mistake .
There is no shortage of reasons to justify an electoral boycott .
The constitution , drafted without the League 's input and under which the election will be held , was foisted on Myanmar through a farcical " referendum " in 2008 .
It entrenches the army 's role , guaranteeing it a quarter of parliamentary seats .
Many others will be filled by " retired " army officers .
Laws bar Miss Suu Kyi from office both as the widow of a foreigner , and , under a rule that also debars many of the League 's other leaders , as the holder of a criminal conviction .
For Myanmar 's press , as stifled as any in the world , the opposition and its point of view might as well not exist .
In 1990 , the previous time the generals had an election , the League won by a landslide . The junta prevented it taking power , but was mightily embarrassed . It seems determined not to make the same error twice .
After 20 years of brutal harassment and persecution of the opposition in all its forms , there is absolutely no chance of a free and fair election .
Its leaders , Miss Suu Kyi above all , are cut off from the news , advice and debate to make informed decisions .
The " civilian " regime that emerges from the polls will probably be dominated by the very same thugs and incompetents who have made such a benighted mess of a fertile , resource - rich country .
So it is understandable that the League should decline to afford either the constitution or the election any credibility by taking part .
And their decision will at least make it harder for the outside world to pretend that these elections open more than a tiny crack in the junta 's totalitarian faade .
America and Europe were in any case always going to find it difficult to pretend , but Myanmar 's Asian neighbours might have .
And they probably have more influence , which is not saying much .
A crumb is better than no bread A tiny bit of influence , however , is better than none , which is also why the League should contest the election .
Its activists tell foreign diplomats in Yangon that they can continue their struggle for democracy as an NGO .
That seems unlikely , given the junta 's record of unmitigated repression .
The alternative to registration may well be political extinction .
The League will also be excluded from the first set of significant changes in Myanmar 's government since the present bunch of generals took over , after the crushing of a popular uprising in 1988 .
Some observers believe change will be far-reaching .
They point to the growth of a small but wealthy business class , the limited devolution promised to some of the border areas inhabited by rebellious ethnic minorities , and the generational shift under way in the army itself .
The " senior general , " Than Shwe , is 77 and , apparently worried about the comfort and security of his twilight years , is distributing power among a coalition of interest groups .
The crack he has opened , some argue , will widen inexorably .
The pluralist genie will be out of the bottle .
Even this seems hopelessly wishful thinking .
But , at least , some change is coming to Myanmar .
Almost any , short of all-out civil war , would be better than none .
And it would help if Miss Suu Kyi and her party had some role , however circumscribed , in shaping it .
For the first time at UEFA EURO 2012 , there were a shortage of parking spaces outside the press centre where the Greece team hold their media activities in Legionowo .
German journalists , along with other international media , were there to start monitoring the Nationalmannschaft 's next opponents .
Giorgos Samaras and Kyriakos Papadopoulos , two of Greece 's best players on Saturday against Russia , stepped up to the microphones and made it clear that Friday 's quarter-final represents a welcome distraction for those back home .
" Football is a game and we play because we enjoy it  we like it " , said Samaras .
" On Friday we will take to the pitch , enjoy being in the quarter-finals and try to make the most of it . "
We are a team , 23 players " , the Celtic FC forward added . "
We do n't play for ourselves , but for 11 million people who are hoping for us to do something worthwhile , so that they can get out in the streets to celebrate .
We managed to do that against Russia and that 's what we will try to do again this Friday .
" Would he have preferred another opponent , perhaps Portugal ? "
No , we are among Europe 's eight best teams and have no preferences " , replied Samaras . "
We achieved our initial goal and we are not stressed about what happens next .
We are here to enjoy ourselves .
If we qualify , it will be a dream come true .
But let 's not compare this team with the one that won in 2004 .
" Papadopoulos , the Greece central defender who plies his trade at FC Schalke 04 , echoed his team-mate 's sentiments . "
We have nothing to lose now " , he said . "
We did what we set out to do , qualifying for the quarter-finals .
We will face one of the tournament 's best teams , we will do our best and I hope we make it .
Whatever we achieve from now on will be a huge success for us .
" On a personal note , Papadopoulos said : "
It 's a special game for me , as I play in the Bundesliga and I will come up against players I know well .
The fact that we have several players who play or have played in Germany is an advantage for us , as it will help us deal with our rivals .
Mario Gomez ?
He is a great player , but we have to focus more on our team , not on them .
We will do what we have been doing all tournament , and fight until the end .
" I believe that [ Germany ] won't take us lightly " , he concluded .
" Maybe in a corner of their minds , they are a little bit scared " .
The weekly total of 420 minutes is nearly triple the 150 minutes of moderate daily exercise currently recommended by U.S. health officials and illustrates the challenge American women face in maintaining a healthy weight .
Winning that war will require individuals to make changes in their daily routines -- like walking or biking to work
-- but it may also take a shift in policy to make it easier for people in fit exercise into their lives .
Two-thirds of American adults are overweight or obese , increasing the risk of heart disease , diabetes and other chronic illnesses ,
and adding about $ 150 billion a year to U.S. healthcare costs .
" From a public health perspective , it would be better to prevent the weight gain in the first place " , said I-Min Lee of Brigham and Women 's Hospital and Harvard Medical School in Boston , whose study appears in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Lee said there is ample research on people who are already overweight , but little on how to prevent weight gain as people grow older .
Current U.S. exercise recommendations differ , with 2008 guidelines recommending 150 minutes of moderate exercise -- brisk walking , gardening , ballroom dancing -- as a way to improve overall health ,
and a 2002 report by the Institute of Medicine , one of the National Academies of Sciences , recommending an hour a day .
If people exercise vigorously , by running or cycling hard , for instance , less time is needed to get the same benefits .
Lee's team studied the guidelines in more than 34,000 healthy U.S. women with an average age of 54 who ate a typical American diet .
The women reported their weight and weekly exercise totals in the first year , and then at 3-year intervals from 1992 to 2007 .
Over the course of the study , the women gained an average of 5.7 pounds ( 2.6 kg ) overall .
Only 13 percent of women in the study maintained a healthy weight throughout the study -- and those who got an hour of exercise a day on average or more were by far the most likely to be in that group .
" Only in this group of women did we find physical activity was associated with less weight gain " , Lee said .
For the heaviest women , no amount of exercise helped , they found . They needed to diet , also .
Lee said the results suggest that the current recommendations of two and a half hours per week are not enough to keep middle-aged women from gaining weight as they age .
Lee said women should not let the findings discourage them from exercising at all , but they may want to make small changes now to prevent later weight gain .
" I think the easiest thing is actually commuting " , she said , suggesting people walk or bike to work , and if they drive , to park farther away from the office .
If seven hours a week are just too hard to fit in , Lee said people might want to consider vigorous exercise such as jogging , which can cut the weekly time requirement in half .
And she said policymakers need to consider changes that make it easier for people to exercise , such as building sidewalks or bike lanes that make it easier and safer for people to exercise .
The brains behind QI , the BBC quiz show , explore where and when coffee originated .
Cup full of roasted coffee beans Photo :
ALAMY If this is coffee , please bring me some tea ; if this is tea , please bring me some coffee .
Abraham Lincoln Every cup of coffee you drink owes its existence to a fruit that grew wild in the Yemeni desert .
The Sufi mystics of Yemen were the first to roast and brew the seeds into a drink .
It helped them stay awake during long hours of prayer .
It spread to Ethiopia ( where it was banned by the Ethiopian church ) and then to the Arab world .
Coffee houses called kaveh kanes ( from where we get " coffee " and " caf ) " sprang up on every corner .
By the 15th century , Mecca was filled with men with mugs .
Coffee houses The habit spread to the rest of Europe in the 17th century .
One of the first coffee houses in England was opened in Oxford by Jacob , a Turkish Jew , in 1650 .
Its coffee was described as " a simple Innocent thing , incomparable good for those that are troubled with melancholy . "
Coffee became popular with scholars as it sharpened the mind rather than dulled it like alcohol .
Coffee houses became meeting places , debating chambers and even laboratories .
Isaac Newton and Edmond Halley once dissected a dolphin on the table of a coffee house in London .
Lloyd 's of London and the Stock Exchange started life as coffee houses .
But the craze had its detractors .
The brewing of ale had long been the preserve of women , known as " brewsters " or " alewives . "
In 1674 , a group of them  alarmed at falling trade in taverns  drew up the Women 's Petition Against Coffee , claiming :
" Coffee makes a man barren as the desert out of which this unlucky berry has been imported " .
Commodity For centuries , Arabia controlled the coffee industry until ( as legend has it ) a pilgrim from Mecca smuggled beans back to India and began an agricultural revolution .
The Dutch also managed to get a plant back to Amsterdam and to their colonies in Indonesia , so Europe soon had new cheaper sources for their beans .
Coffee is now grown in more than 70 countries and is the second most commonly traded commodity in the world after oil .
Civet dung The most expensive coffee in the world comes from the droppings of the Asian palm civet , a small catlike animal that loves to eat coffee cherries .
The cherries only partially digest and the seeds are excreted intact .
The droppings are washed and the beans , sold as Kopi Luwak , can cost hundreds of dollars per pound .
The partial digestion process is supposed to add a wonderful musky flavour .
Does it wake you up ?
Coffee does not make you alert .
If you are a regular drinker of coffee , drinking it just eases the symptoms of caffeine withdrawal .
So , if you never drink coffee you 're probably more alert than a regular drinker who has just knocked back a double espresso .
The effects of caffeine usually last between two and three hours , although that can extend to four or five hours depending upon an individual 's sensitivity and metabolism .
Stronger than tea ?
A cup of filter coffee contains about three times as much caffeine as a cup of tea , although dry tea leaves do contain a higher proportion of caffeine by weight than coffee beans .
The higher the temperature of the water , the greater the caffeine extracted from beans or leaves .
An average 30 ml espresso contains about the same amount of caffeine as a 150 ml cup of PG Tips .
So a single-shot cappuccino or latte won't give you much more of a caffeine hit than a cuppa .
A cup of instant coffee , on the other hand , contains only around half the caffeine of a filter coffee .
CHINA 'S rise has long appeared inexorable .
Despite a decline in total world trade , China has seen its exports fall less than those of other big powers .
A new report by the World Trade Organisation calculates that the total value of merchandise exports fell by a staggering 23 % in 2009 .
Among the top ten exporters , Japan 's shipments were worst affected ( falling by 26 . % )
Although China 's exports also fell ( by 16 , % ) the contraction was less painful than in Germany ( down by 22 . % )
As a result China is now the single largest exporter .
The global downturn has helped to reduce global imbalances ;
the leading three exporters accounted for 26.7 % of total world exports in 2009 down from a third of the total in 2008 .
The WTO expects trade to rebound by nearly 10 % this year .
Youths playing football in Blikkiesdorp , Cape Town .
Photograph :
Gareth Kingdon Children squint as wind whips the grey sand into their faces .
A teenager braves the flies and stench of a leaking outdoor toilet to draw water from a standpipe .
He stares vacantly along regimented rows of corrugated iron shacks encircled by a tall , concrete fence .
No grass or trees grow here .
This is Tin Can Town , or Blikkiesdorp , described by the mayor of Cape Town as a " temporary relocation area " ( TRA , ) but by its residents as a concentration camp .
Many say they were forcibly evicted from their former homes and moved here against their will .
And for this they blame one thing :
the football World Cup .
" It 's a dumping place " , said Jane Roberts , who lives in the sparsely furnished structure known as M49 .
" They took people from the streets because they do n't want them in the city for the World Cup .
Now we are living in a concentration camp " .
Roberts , 54 , added :
" It 's like the devil runs this place . We have no freedom .
The police come at night and beat adults and children .
South Africa is n't showing the world what it 's doing to its people . It only shows the World Cup " .
President Jacob Zuma 's government insists that sport 's biggest showpiece is already benefiting the whole nation , creating jobs , improving infrastructure and transforming its image abroad .
It has lavished some R13bn (  1.15bn ) on world-class venues , with none more breathtaking than the Cape Town Stadium that will host England in June .
Yet a short drive from the city 's expensively upgraded airport , a drive few tourists are likely to make , boys kick up dust and stones in Blikkiesdorp because the spending spree failed to provide them with a park .
Campaigners argue that this bleak place in Delft township shows that Africa 's first World Cup has become a tool to impress wealthy foreigners at the expense of its own impoverished people .
Residents say it is worse than the townships created by the white minority government before the end of racial apartheid in 1994 .
In view of cloud-capped mountains , Blikkiesdorp was built in 2008 for an estimated R32m (  2.9m ) to provide " emergency housing " for about 650 people who had been illegally occupying buildings .
To visitors , the column after column of one - room shacks , each spraypainted with a designated code number , are disturbingly reminiscent of District 9 , last year 's hit science fiction film about space aliens forced to live in an informal Johannesburg settlement .
Residents said this week there were about 15,000 people struggling to live in about 3,000 of the wood and iron structures , with more arriving all the time .
City officials claimed these figures were inaccurate but said the site was designed to cater for 1,667 families in total .
In some cases families of six or seven people are crammed into living spaces of three by six metres .
They complain that the corrugated walls swelter in summer temperatures of 40 C and offer little protection from the cold in winter . Tuberculosis and HIV are rife . Babies have been born at Blikkiesdorp and , still unknown to the state , officially do not exist .
Brutality The shacks are laid out in strict lines with little room for individual homemaking , though some residents have tried to build extensions , gardens and informal convenience stores , often protected by barbed wire .
Above them loom poles with lighting and power cables that give the residents electricity . But between the shacks there is no paving , only roaming dogs , scraps of rubbish and grey sand that swirls in the wind .
There are no shower facilities and the standpipe taps lack bowls , so water tends to leak into the ground and under people 's homes .
Toilets are found inside grim concrete cubicles so small the locked door presses against the user 's knees . Many have leaking roofs and are broken despite repeated promises to fix them .
Sandy Rossouw says she was among 366 people evicted from the Spes Bona Hostel in the district of Athlone three months ago because a stadium there is to be used for training by some of football 's biggest stars .
She is now one of five family members who squeeze into one bed in her shack at Blikkiesdorp .
" We were forced out of our hostel because of the World Cup " , Rossouw said .
" The hostel is on the main road to the stadium , only about 200 yards away .
We did n't want to move because we 're used to it and it 's close to everything .
But they said if we did n't get out , they would move us out with law enforcement . "
Here the whole place is under starvation . We can't even afford to make a pot of soup for our children .
We send them to school without bread .
People sell everything to get food and walk three hours to Athlone just to get a loaf of bread .
When you do eat , there is sand in your food  you can feel it on your teeth .
" We were promised in January the toilets would be repaired but they 're not .
You 've got eight families to a toilet and it 's unhygienic " .
Rossouw , 42 , is among several residents who accuse the police of brutality .
" It 's like a jail , like a concentration camp " , she continued .
" If you 're not inside at night , the police beat you .
A few weeks ago they pointed an R5 rifle as if they were going to shoot people . They swore at us : '
This is n't fucking Athlone . You should go back to your place " ' .
She argues that the fanfare around a month - long football tournament is hypocritical when people are going hungry .
" I think they must cancel the World Cup because people are starving .
They are renovating buildings in Cape Town for half a billion rand ; why can't they spend that money here ?
It breaks my heart . "
When rich people come to the World Cup they must come to Blikkiesdorp first to see for themselves how people are living .
It 's worse than apartheid .
" Among those suffering is Fatima Booysen , 40 , who has lived in shack J22 with her husband , Abraham , and two daughters for more than a year .
She said : "
A lot of people have got TB now .
" It 's very cold in winter .
When you stand up in the morning you feel frozen , you can't feel your hands or feet . "
The children do n't want to go to school .
I 've got a one - year - old grandchild who 's sick today and has gone to hospital .
" Residents say that unemployment is high and a lack of postal deliveries or official addresses makes it hard to find work .
They also criticise their remote location , which requires them to pay for minibus taxis to the city , and say that children have been killed in accidents on Blikkiesdorp 's thoroughfares and when crossing a nearby motorway .
Crime is said to be high , with drug gangs moving into unused shacks , but the police offer little relief .
Court action Badronessa Morris , 47 , complained : "
The police treat us like animals . They swear at us , pepper spray us , search us in public , even children .
At 10 o'clock you must be inside : the police come and tell you to go into your place and turn down the music .
In my old home we used to sit outside all night with the fire .
" Morris was among families evicted from an informal settlement on the Symphony Way road . "
We were one happy family on Symphony Way .
Now we 've moved to Blikkiesdorp it 's like we 're in chains , fighting each other , putting each other in jail .
" I know we were moved because of the World Cup .
They do n't want people to see shacks on the road in South Africa .
They want everything perfect for the World Cup " .
Other people have gone to court to resist a possible move to Blikkiesdorp .
Last December five families living near the Athlone stadium were told their homes would be demolished to make way for a car park .
Llewellyn Wilters , 52 , who has lived in his house for seven years , said :
" I took a drive to Blikkiesdorp to check it out and do n't think it 's going to work .
How are we going to take the kids to school and get to work " ?
He added :
" We were born in this area , we went to school here , we know the area and know all the people here . Why must we move out " ?
Shack dwellers have mobilised against evictions in well-organised protests that make powerful use of new media .
Pamela Beukes , 29 , secretary of the Western Cape Anti - Eviction Campaign , condemned the rise of Blikkiesdorp :
" They 're creating a tin city .
They 're doing worse things than the apartheid regime did to the people .
Under apartheid they gave us a brick house . "
The World Cup was supposed to bring a higher standard of living . But it 's making it lower .
People are saying , ' I do n't want to watch soccer because it 's the reason I was evicted . ' It 's as if we 're lesser beings .
" The city of Cape Town denies the accusation that it is dumping people in Blikkiesdorp because of the World Cup .
Kylie Hatton , a spokeswoman , said in an email : "
It is not true that the City of Cape Town is moving or displacing residents in informal areas in the runup to the 2010 Fifa World Cup .
" It is important to note that the TRA has been constructed for emergency accommodation needs and is provided by the city , and exceeds national housing requirements " .
She added :
" We have significant challenges regarding vandalism in the area , and in some cases our contractors have had to return to the site over four times to repair broken toilets , taps and electricity cables .
But Blikkiesdorp is only one manifestation of a deeper disquiet in South Africa about the benefits , or otherwise , of hosting football 's biggest festival .
In Durban there are further demonstrations over evictions and reports that street children are forcibly being removed from the city centre to " safe areas " far away .
Tens of thousands of informal traders complain that they will lose income because of Fifa - imposed " exclusion zones " around stadiums which permit only approved businesses .
Regina Twala , who has been selling cooked meals and snacks for 35 years , told South Africa 's Sunday Independent that she and fellow workers had been ordered to vacate their premises outside Ellis Park stadium .
Unemployment The Western Cape Anti - Eviction Campaign said :
" The lives of small businesses and informal traders in South Africa have been destroyed by this World Cup .
If we are not allowed to trade near stadiums , fan parks and other tourist areas , how can we benefit from tourism " ?
The new stadiums heralded a construction boom , but many of the workers who built them have already been laid off and are without work .
Caroline Elliot , international programmes officer for the anti - poverty group War on Want , said :
" Behind the spectacle , the World Cup is exacerbating the struggle of poor South Africans who are facing evictions , lack of public services and unemployment .
The South African government needs to tackle these problems as an urgent priority " .
Andile Mngxitama , a political commentator and columnist , is about to publish a pamphlet entitled " Fuck the World Cup . "
He said : " We never needed the World Cup .
It is a jamboree by the politicians to focus attention away from the 16 years of democracy that have not delivered for the majority of black people in this country .
We 'll be trapped with white elephant stadiums " .
He added :
" The World Cup is not about football or so-called tourism .
It 's about politicians hoping it keeps us busy for a month and making enormous amounts of money for themselves and their friends " .
NASA Plans Earth Day Tweetup on the National Mall in Washington WASHINGTON -- NASA will host its first Earth Day Tweetup on the National Mall in Washington with @ NASA Twitter followers and NASA scientists on April 18 at 1 p.m. EDT .
The event will be part of a week long series of exhibits and activities on the National Mall marking the 40th anniversary of Earth Day .
The Tweetup will provide NASA Twitter followers with the opportunity to talk with NASA Earth and climate scientists , producers of NASA 's Earth imagery and the staff behind the agency 's tweets .
Registration opens at noon on Monday , April 5 , and closes at 5 p.m. on Tuesday , April 6 .
NASA will randomly select 100 individuals from a pool of online registrants .
Additional registrants will be added to a waiting list .
For more information and to sign up , visit :
When it comes to our careers , modern culture has entrained us to desire money , fame , beauty and status ( among other superficial things ) and we have been taught that success is synonymous with these attributes .
However , too many people are unsatisfied with their professional careers ( yes , even those who make a lot of money , have possessions , and acquired fame ) and are " stuck " in situations that do not make them happy and fulfilled .
Here are 14 wonderful exercises you can undertake to begin letting go of the expectations others have of you and uncover the path to a truly fulfilling career :
Write Your Own Eulogy Years ago , someone suggested that I write the speech a loved might read aloud at my own funeral .
Although this sounds morbid , it is a wonderful practice to make your long-term goals crystal clear .
What do you want said about you when it 's all over ?
This is the ultimate " thinking with the end in mind " exercise !
Talk to Your Friends Ask them :
" what do you think I am best at , " or " what do you think I enjoy doing most . "
Although this may seem like a strange [ and awkward ] conversation at first , their perspective may help you determine what you should be doing career - wise .
Make sure to return the favor and offer them similar advice !
Talk to Your Family members Ask them the same questions .
You may be surprised by the differing answers between your friends and family , and these conversations will provide you with a more well-rounded view of yourself . 4 .
Make a List of Things that REALLY Interest You Take a few days to compose a comprehensive list of ALL the things that truly interest you .
Understand that the answer to a truly fulfilling career probably lies within . 5 .
Do Research on How People Make Money in These Fields The act of becoming aware that others earn a living doing something you enjoy is an incredible motivational tool .
Find out specifics on how much money these people make and what type of job - training is entailed .
Start thinking " if she can do it , why can't I ? "
Go on Informational Interviews If there is a specific job that begins to really stick out , initiate an " informational interview " with someone who knows a lot about it .
These meetings are less formal and will give you an opportunity to learn about a career - path without the stress of a " real " interview . 7 .
Read Voraciously Continuously reading a wide variety of magazines , books , blogs , newspapers and any literature you can get your hands on will give you a constant flow of ideas and keep the mind fertile . 8 .
Take Courses on the Topics and Industries that Most Interest You You will never meet the people who can help you make the jump to a fulfilling career if you are not " out there , " and taking courses is a wonderful way to expand your knowledge and generate important contacts .
Check out Learning Annex courses , for example . 9 .
Talk to Your Boss or Someone You Respect at Your Job Not in the context of the usual work - related drivel , but as a human being .
Ask him / her what they would do if they had millions of dollars in the bank .
Would they still be in the same position ?
This is a great way to start getting perspective that everyone has dreams . 10 .
Talk to the Happiest and Most Successful People You Know Ask them how they went about fulfilling their dreams !
Be specific with your questions , and see if there is anything you can imitate ( imitation really is the biggest form of flattery . ) Have these people become your silent mentors . 11 .
Keep a Journal Writing down your ideas AS THEY COME TO YOU is an important practice for your career growth .
Carrying an audio-recorder with you at all times is a great idea , as you never know when enlightenment will strike !
Conquer Fear !
The practices described in this article will most likely draw insecurity and fear once you start putting them in motion , and learning how to overcome fear is essential to moving your life in a more productive and fulfilling direction .
Start realizing that this ubiquitous emotion is the culprit that inhibits you from living your dreams !
See a Motivational Speaker This is a terrific practice for getting yourself in the mindset to make positive changes in your career ( and also helps overcome fear ! )
Cultivate Patience Although you may want a change in your career NOW , it is necessary to be patient and wait for the right opportunity to present itself .
However , integrating the practices in this article will bring about the right opportunity in a much swifter manner than taking no action at all !
Changing careers can be very difficult .
The first step is letting go of the inhibiting mindset that happiness is somewhere " out there , " and realize that the path to wonderful and accomplish-filled career is already within you .
The exercises described here can take you the rest of the way home  Good Luck !
Both the Guardian and the New York Times have stories today suggesting that the Sino - American relationship is on the mend .
Last night Barack Obama and Hu Jintao spoke on the phone for , like , a whole hour . It was such a good chat that Air Force One sat on the tarmac at Andrew Air Force base for ten minutes so Obama could finish the call .
There has been an appreciable shift in the past week .
Hu pledged to attend the Obama 's nuclear proliferation summit a few weeks from now .
U.S. oficials sound confident that China is on board for another round of United Nations sanctions against Iran -- though the negotiations for that could take a while .
It also appears that China has not followed through on sanctions against U.S. companies for arms sales to Taiwan .
On the American side , at a minimum , the Treasury Department has deferred submitting its report to Congress on Chinese currency manipulation practices for a little while .
The headline for this Vikas Bajaj story suggests that Hu 's visit " may signal easing by China on currency , " though there 's no actual evidence in the story backing up that asserrtion .
So , no new Cold War then ?
The Financial Times ' Gideon Rachman urges readers to ignore the ephemeral and pay attention to structural factors :
1 ) Economic tensions .
Tim Geithner , the US Treasury Secretary , has just publicly expressed his concern about the very high levels of US unemployment
and many American economists , including in the administration , blame America 's problems in large part on " Chinese mercantalism . "
If the Chinese refuse to let the RMB appreciate , or even allow only a modest appreciation , then a clash will eventually happen .
2 ) Climate change :
Remember Copenhagen ?
There is no sign that the two nations are going to move any closer on this most divisive issue .
3 ) Iran - A new pacakge of sanctions could head this one off . But they are unlikely to be strong enough to satisfy the US or - let us not forget - to achieve their objective .
4 ) The mega - trend in the background is the rise of China and the relative decline of the US - and the expression of this will be the gradual challenge to American military hegemony in the Pacific .
This will not be a comfortable process .
So look beyond today 's headlines . I can assure you , the Chinese do .
Well .. let 's think about this for a second .
The first three issues are all about more than the bilateral Sino - American relationship . On the economic front , there 's evidence that China has ticked off other countries beyond the United States .
On Iran , the U.S. was careful to line up support on sanctions from the Britain , France and Russia , leaving China as the sole P-5 holdout .
And on climate change , at a minimum , China came out of Copenhagen looking like something of a bully .
My take of the past six months is that the Chinese overplayed their hand very badly across an array of issues , irking not just the United States but other significant countries .
In response , the U.S. has been able to exploit multilateral resentment as a way of teaching Beijing about the security dilemma putting subtle pressure on China to moderate its tone and actions .
As for the mega - trend , well , that 's happening , but it 's still quite a ways off .
Rachman still makes some decent points .
There are fundamental conflicts of interest .
Going beyond the issues Rachman mentions , there 's also minor stuff like the fact that China and America 's domestic regimes look a wee bit different .
For now , however , much of China 's recent bluster turned out to be self-defeating .
What will be interesting to see is how both Washington and Beijing will learn from the recent spot of unpleasantness .
At just over seven feet wide and 47 feet long , this tiny building is one of the smallest functioning homes in the world .
The 312 - square foot ' Little House ' of Toronto , Canada , has developed a cult following and even has its own website .
Back on the property market for  110,000 , the comfortable home surprisingly comes with three rooms , including a normal sized bathtub .
Enlarge It 's so itty bitty !
The infamous ' Little House , ' squashed between two other grown up house on a Toronto street Enlarge Living large :
The living area and TV room of the Little House - just seven feet wide With a front drive that parks two family sized cars - even though the house itself is barely big enough to swing a cat round - it still comes with all amenities .
Sitting on Day Ave in Toronto 's Little Italy , the home has been viewed almost 40 times since it went on the market .
It is described in the estate agents guide as a ' unique home in good condition overall and has been well maintained . '
Compact kitchen :
The cooking / laundry area of the Little House Good storage : The 47 -foot long house has a wee back garden also Just enough room for two ( and a bottle of wine ):
The garden area of the Little House As well as its ample 2.36 m - high ceilings , the Little House also has a decent sized basement for storage space . '
The interior of the house seems much more expansive than the small exterior ' , said real estate agent Antonio Nardi . '
It has a full bathroom , a kitchen and a decent sized bedroom with a fold up bed that gives more room when up .
' This is a great and historic purchase ' .
Built in 1912 , the Little Home has become a celebrity in its own right over the past 98 years .
Talk show host Ellen Degeneres has even expressed an interest in one day owning the Little House .
Blink and you 'll miss it :
Little House as it appears on Google Street View
I do n't understand why we must do things in this world , why we must have friends and aspirations , hopes and dreams .
Would n't it be better to retreat to a faraway corner of the world , where all its noise and complications would be heard no more ?
Then we could renounce culture and ambitions ;
we would lose everything and gain nothing ;
for what is there to be gained from this world ?
There are people to whom gain is unimportant , who are hopelessly unhappy and lonely .
We are so closed to one another !
And yet , were we to be totally open to each other , reading into the depths of our souls , how much of our destiny would we see ?
We are so lonely in life that we must ask ourselves if the loneliness of dying is not a symbol of our human existence .
Can there be any consolation at the last moment ?
This willingness to live and die in society is a mark of great deficiency .
It is a thousand times preferable to die somewhere alone and abandoned so that you can die without melodramatic posturing , unseen by anyone .
I despise people who on their deathbed master themselves and adopt a pose in order to impress .
Tears do not burn except in solitude .
Those who ask to be surrounded by friends when they die do so out of fear and inability to live their final moments alone .
They want to forget death at the moment of death .
They lack infinite heroism .
Why do n't they lock their door and suffer those maddening sensations with a lucidity and a fear beyond all limits ?
We are so isolated from everything !
But is n't everything equally inaccessible to us ?
The deepest and most organic death is death in solitude , when even light becomes a principle of death .
In such moments you will be severed from life , from love , smiles , friends and even from death .
And you will ask yourself if there is anything besides the nothingness of the world and your own nothingness .
100 series watch by the london based watch company uniform wares is a stripped down unisex watch inspired by the graphics of british industry wall clocks .
the design features a circular watch face with white hands and lines that comes in an array of muted shades .
the body of the watch is made from aircraft grade aluminum while the strap is made from simple polyurethane .
the classic form of the watch sets it apart from more todays more complex and cluttered designs .
uniform wares is also working on the 200 series model which will feature a leather strap and an integrated calendar .
NEW YORK , May 6 , 2010 -- Travelport Limited , the parent company of the Travelport group of companies , today announced its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31 , 2010 .
First Quarter 2010 Summary :
Net Revenue of $ 581 million , a 5% increase over first quarter 2009
Operating Income of $ 60 million , a 5% increase over first quarter 2009
Adjusted EBITDA of $ 139 million , a 2% increase over first quarter 2009 .
Commenting on the performance for the period , Travelport CEO and president , Jeff Clarke , stated :
" I am pleased with Travelports performance in the quarter .
We made key strategic investments while delivering a 5% increase in Net Revenue and 9% growth in Adjusted EBITDA , on a constant currency basis , compared to the first quarter of 2009 .
Our transaction volumes continued the recovery that began in the final quarter of 2009 , and despite recent travel disruptions caused by the volcanic ash cloud , we are confident that we are on track to achieve our previous expectations for revenue and profits for the full year 2010 " .
Financial Highlights First Quarter 2010 GDS ($ in millions )
Net Revenue and Segment EBITDA for the GDS business were $ 536 million and $ 151 million , respectively , for the first quarter of 2010 , representing a 5% increase in Net Revenue and a decrease of 1% in Segment EBITDA compared to the first quarter of 2009 .
Segment Adjusted EBITDA for our GDS business was $ 153 million for the first quarter of 2010 , a 5% reduction as compared to the first quarter of 2009 .
Increased Net Revenue resulted from a 6% increase in segments as compared to the first quarter of 2009 , a 1% increase in average revenue per segment and a $ 5 million reduction in Airline IT Solutions revenue .
GDS direct costs , comprising agency commissions , increased $ 33 million , or 17%
GTA ($ in millions ) Net Revenue and Segment EBITDA for the GTA business were $ 45 million and $( 2 ) million , respectively , for the first quarter of 2010 .
Segment Adjusted EBITDA for GTA for the first quarter of 2010 was $ 3 million , representing a $ 7 million improvement compared to the first quarter of 2009 .
Total Transaction Value ( " TTV ) " increased 19% in the quarter primarily due to 10% growth in the number of room nights and favorable exchange rate movements .
Net Revenue increased 7% in the quarter due to the increase in TTV ,
Orbitz Worldwide Travelport Limited currently owns approximately 48% of the outstanding equity of Orbitz Worldwide .
During the first quarter of 2010 , Travelport recorded $ 3 million in losses from its investment in Orbitz Worldwide .
About Travelport Travelport is a broad-based business services company and a leading provider of critical transaction processing solutions to companies operating in the global travel industry .
Travelport is comprised of the global distribution system ( GDS ) business that includes the Worldspan and Galileo brands ;
GTA , a leading global , multi-channel provider of hotel and ground services and Airline IT Solutions , which hosts mission critical applications and provides business and data analysis solutions for major airlines .
With 2009 revenues of $ 2.2 billion , Travelport operates in 160 countries and has approximately 5,400 employees .
Travelport also owns approximately 48% of Orbitz Worldwide ( NYSE : OWW , ) a leading global online travel company .
Travelport is a private company owned by The Blackstone Group , One Equity Partners , Technology Crossover Ventures and Travelport management .
Quote of the Day
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man .
Henry David Thoreau Art Quote of the Day Music is the medicine of the mind .
John A . Logan Funny Quote of the Day Give me golf clubs , fresh air and a beautiful partner , and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air .
Jack Benny Love Quote of the Day Giving opens the way for receiving .
Florence Scovel Shinn Nature Quote of the Day Plans to protect air and water , wilderness and wildlife are in fact plans to protect man .
Stewart Udall Add the Quote of the Day to your site or blog - it 's easy !
Dogs ; Houses ; Killers ; Murderers ; Women ; Stores ; Intruders
William Burns , from Ventura , California , told this story to my friend Pancho Monge , a policeman in Santa Teresa , Sonora , who passed it on to me .
According to Monge , the North American was a laid-back guy who never lost his cool , a description that seems to be at odds with the following account of the events .
In Burns 's own words :
It was a dreary time in my life . I was going through a rough patch at work .
I was supremely bored , though up till then I 'd always been immune to boredom .
I was going out with two women .
That I do remember clearly . One of them was getting on a bit  she must have been about my age  and the other was n't much more than a girl .
Some days , though , they seemed like two ailing , crotchety old women , and other days like two little girls who just wanted to play .
The age difference was n't so big that you 'd mistake them for mother and daughter , but almost .
Though that 's the kind of thing a man can only guess at ; you never really know for sure .
Anyway , these women had two dogs , a big one and a little one .
And I never knew which dog belonged to which woman .
They were sharing a house on the outskirts of a town in the mountains where people went for summer vacation .
When I mentioned to someone , some friend or acquaintance , that I was going up there for the summer , he told me I should take my fishing rod . But I did n't have a fishing rod .
Someone else told me about the stores and the cabins , taking it easy , clearing the mind .
But I was n't going there for a vacation ; I was going to take care of the women .
Why did they ask me to take care of them ?
What they told me was that some guy was out to harm them .
They called him the killer .
When I asked what his motive was , they did n't have an answer , or maybe they preferred to keep me in the dark .
So I tried to work it out for myself .
They were afraid , they believed they were in danger , though maybe it was all a false alarm .
But why should I tell people what to think , especially when they 've hired me ?
Anyway , I reckoned that after a week or so they 'd come around to my point of view .
So I went up into the mountains with them and their dogs , and we moved into a little stone - and - timber house full of windows , more windows than I think I 've ever seen in one house , all different sizes and scattered haphazardly .
From the outside , the windows gave you the impression that the house had three floors , but in fact there were only two .
Inside , especially in the living room and some of the bedrooms on the first floor , they produced a dizzying , exhilarating , maddening effect .
In the bedroom I was given there were only two windows , both quite small , one above the other , the top one almost reaching the ceiling , the lower one just over a foot from the floor .
All the same , life up there was pleasant .
The older woman wrote every morning , but she did n't shut herself away , the way they say writers usually do ;
she set up her laptop on the living-room table .
The younger woman spent her time gardening or playing with the dogs or talking with me .
I did most of the cooking , and although I 'm not an expert the women praised the meals I prepared .
I could have gone on living like that for the rest of my life . But one day the dogs ran away and I went out to look for them .
I remember searching through a wood nearby , armed only with a flashlight , and peering into the yards of empty houses . I could n't find them anywhere .
Independent hoteliers often find themselves in a tough position - they often do n't have the resources to compete with the big chains in terms of marketing budgets and investment in third party booking channels , or the well recognized brand name that goes hand-in-hand with these activities .
However , there are a number of strategies that independent hotels can implement now to ensure that they are maximizing their revenue and securing customer loyalty for the future .
It 's important as an independent hotelier , to maximize the ROI on all of your resources .
Utilising data that can be collected from smaller , independent operations is a cost effective way to determine the best rates for the upcoming months and building strategy around it .
Independent hoteliers need to ensure they have detailed data that is both historical and forward looking .
Historically , the data should include ( at least ) the number of occupied rooms , coupled with revenue by Market Segment by day . Also ensure that number of rooms and revenue on the books by day ( and by Market Segment ) for at least the next 90 days is included .
If data is collected every day it will allow the hotel to establish simple booking pace forecasts by segment and day of week , from which they will be able to compare to historical data .
If this is done consistently it will allow hoteliers to quickly pick up any changes when demand picks up and enable them to tweak their strategies accordingly .
It is becoming apparent in the hotel industry now that independent hotels need to focus on gaining a better understanding of all group activity and revenues - while it is important to have group ' base ' business in your Hotel ;
determining the profitability and net contribution after displacement is factored in , is crucial to optimizing your revenues .
Information is one of the key commodities in the hotel and hospitality industry , so it is imperative to start collecting information on competitors .
This typically starts with evaluating your competitive set on price , product and " market overlap . "
Ideally , narrow down your competitive set to a maximum of five competitors whose performance is closely tracked .
Outside vendors like STR Global provide daily tracking services if local law does not allow the sharing of information between hotels .
Use RevPar Index as the key measurement for your performance against your competitors Understand your channels .
Firstly make sure that you are well represented in all key channels .
This includes high quality pictures and up to date information which directly reflect the market segment most likely to book through each particular channel .
Establish win-win relationships with those distribution partners which can really help you generate incremental business and make sure you do n't lock yourself into long term inflexible contracts which might hurt you when business comes back .
It 's important to use historical and future channel benchmarking information from third party vendors to understand where you are falling short against your competition and when competitors are moving their rates .
Independent hotels also need to focus efforts on getting the most out of their Search Engine Optimization and Marketing initiatives to ensure that these initiatives reach the most appropriate Market Segments .
With the economic downturn which characterized 2009 , hoteliers experienced a big rush to renegotiate rates downwards in the first quarter .
This year , the opposite might be required if stronger demand materializes .
However , it is unlikely that corporate accounts will agree to higher rates .
Therefore , sales contracts should be constructed such that either value - adds can be reduced , or " special discounts " discontinued if needed .
With the right information and the staff to interpret it , accurate , yet flexible pricing can be instituted .
Dynamic pricing has been adopted across the industry , however we have seen in the last 12 months that many hoteliers have overshot their discounting and are offering rates that are too low .
Hotels should try to marginally increase rates and evaluate the impact on volume .
We are certain that in many cases Hotels will be surprised to find that certain market segments will be price insensitive .
The key is to be prepared to change course when required .
Independent hoteliers should encourage staff focus on up-selling arriving guests at check-in , which can contribute significantly to your top line ( up to 3 % and more . )
Also , when higher demand situations occur - identify your VIP 's early and make sure they do n't get " bumped " if in an overbooked scenario .
At the same time , ensure that your staffing levels are adequate for those " spikes " in guest numbers that occur during an upswing .
It is important that the hotel does n't have too few people to handle all check-in / check out and room turn around activities that help make the hotel experience as smooth and pleasant as possible .
With the right investment in processes , technology and staff , it 's possible for independent hoteliers to carve out a place for themselves in the industry .
The smaller scale of operations means that independent hoteliers are nimbler when instituting change and can react quickly to a dynamic and changing market .
The hoteliers who play to their strengths and institute solid groundwork for growth will see rapid returns and tangible ROI throughout 2010 , as the economy begins to return to its previous levels .
Consumers are increasingly choosing the convenience of mobile keyboards and keypads to book their hotel stays .
Today , a typical booking scenario for a typical guest may look like something like this .
Surf the mobile Web for hotels from an iPhone , check out hotel offers on Facebook , and read guest reviews through TripAdvisor . Book a hotel .
Remember that this trip is a special occasion . Return to the hotel website from your office computer to upgrade to a suite and reserve a day in the spa .
Reservation complete , all without a phone call .
Recent statistics reflect the Web 's increasing emergence as the booking channel of choice .
In 2009 , according to TRAVELCLICK 's eTRAK report , Internet bookings increased by 6.6 percent compared to 2008 and now account for 54 percent of all bookings - representing $ 2 billion in hotel revenue ( PhoCusWright . )
This is the third year of consecutive growth we 've seen in the online channel since eTRAK reporting began in 2006 .
Driving the proliferation of Web bookings are such new and evolving online channels as mobile applications , social media , and behavioral networks .
The mobile channel generated nearly $ 80 million in revenue in 2008 and 2009 ( PhoCusWright . )
This number is significantly higher than the revenue from booking air travel ( around $ 60 million ) or rental cars ( around $ 20 million ) through the mobile channel .
Social networking sites have emerged with similar speed .
According to Gartner , networking will be the most popular online activity by 2012 , overtaking shopping and surpassing communication and entertainment .
Hotel marketers who explore social networking in these early stages of development will have a clear competitive advantage as it matures .
Alongside these emerging technologies , the Global Distribution System ( GDS ) continues to be important for many buyers and contributes significantly to hotel distribution revenue - about 24 percent in 2009 , according to eTRAK .
Also , GDS hotel promotions , appearing when agents search the air , car , and hotel availability screens within their GDS , still have an influence on bookings .
Research has found that the more useful , accurate , and visually engaging the information provided by hotels in the GDS environment , the more agents will rely on the system to book travel for their clients .
With so many choices in booking channels , your hotel 's marketing decisions have compounded in complexity .
The recipe for success is all in the right mix of channels .
Create the channel mix that works best for your hotel , depending on your property profile and target guest demographics .
Consider a mix of search engine optimization , pay-per-click , and internet display advertising to lead shoppers directly to your website - still your most cost-effective channel .
Leverage the power of social media to grow brand awareness , cultivate guest loyalty , and build online community .
Continue to invest in GDS advertising as a targeted way to influence travel agent bookers and grow incremental revenue .
Most importantly , know your potential guests and where they are shopping .
As new channel options find their way into your marketing mix , implement those that are relevant to your customers ' personal and business travel needs - while developing strategies to differentiate the virtual presence of your property throughout the shopping and reservation purchase process .
This is n't a feature article but just a quick note to everyone .
How many hours do you have in your day ?
Theoretically , there are 24 in mine . Yours might be different .
But I sleep about 6 hours a day .
Maybe 2 hours are spent eating .
Another 2 hours for grooming and driving .
Another 3 hours for getting stuff ready for my kids , cooking , cleaning . Another 5 hours doing routine stuff at work and with the blog .
Maybe another hour doing errands , paying bills , going to the grocery store , or whatever else needs to be done .
Another 2 hours doing communication : email , IM , phones , etc .
24 hours  6  2  2  3  5  1 - 2 = 3 3 hours left over for doing stuff I 'm passionate about , for pursuing my dreams , for doing new projects that will change my life , for writing the Great American Novel , for exercise , for spending time with loved ones , for myself .
I 'm guessing most of you have about that much time in your day for these kinds of things , give or take an hour or so .
What will you do with your 3 hours ?
Myself ?
Well , I 'm just going to relax today . Maybe read some more of Ann Patchett 's latest novel , Run ( highly recommended , btw , along with her other books  especially Bel Canto ) .
I 'll do a more in - depth post tomorrow , when I 'm feelin ' it more . :)
What do you plan to do with your free time ?
Share in the comments or take the discussion to the Zen Habits forums .
Generic Love
When they say " I love you " , do n't take it personally .
Published on April 30 , 2010 Some years ago I was having dinner with my girlfriend , Liz ;
among other items on my plate was a heaping mound of mashed potatoes .
When Liz noticed I had finished eating all of my potatoes , she instantly ladled another scoop onto my plate , without asking .
She had done this before , and I felt I needed to say something :
" Please do n't automatically give me more food without checking first to see if I want more " .
" Oh . Sorry " .
It was a short-lived but friendly relationship , and about six months later she was living happily with a new man , one of my housemates , Steve .
He had apparently been climbing out of his upstairs window , descending from the roof and sneaking up the block to Liz 's house for several weeks
before it became clear that I did n't mind passing the torch to him , and he started using the front door .
Before long , I was invited to join them for dinner , and I observed an astounding phenomenon .
As fate would have it , we were again eating mashed potatoes .
Steve was a robust guy in his early 20s with a hearty appetite ,
and no sooner had he devoured his potatoes , I watched with great interest as Liz immediately served him another portion .
Without missing a beat , Steve dug in and happily finished those off as well .
Meanwhile , I was formulating a theory about love :
it 's nothing personal .
Love is generic .
Unromantic , perhaps , but I am asserting that Liz 's style of expressing love manifested , in part , by doling out mashed potatoes freely and with a certain reckless abandon .
What she needed in a mate was someone who loved receiving as many potatoes as she could dish out .
Steve was the man of her dreams .
I began to reflect on my previous relationship , with Cathy .
Her way of expressing love was to make me beautifully crafted cards ,
containing little feathers pasted onto homemade rice paper ,
with three-dimensional , pop-up flaps and folds hiding fragments of poetry and mystical messages .
Each card was both a masterpiece of art as well as a maze filled with surprises .
Several years after we had separated , we got together and were running errands .
We stopped into a crafts store where she loaded her basket with an assortment of baubles , fixatives and unusual miniature artifacts she needed for something she was creating for Jim , her new boyfriend .
Again , I got it :
love is generic .
Cathy just needed somebody out there to serve as an excuse for her to enjoy her creativity .
It could be virtually anyone .
Now Jim was the lucky recipient of all the little cards with the feathers and poetry .
It made little difference to Cathy ;
she was happy as long as there was someone to make cards for , just as Liz needed a potatophile .
So the next time your mate says , " I love you " , do n't take it personally .
They would love anybody in your position .
My personal idiosyncrasy in love is that I like for both of us to have the same cute little pet name for each other .
With Cathy , it was " George " .
She was George and I was George .
Later , with Tammy , it was " Noodles " .
She was Noodles and I was Noodles .
Sometimes we were both Noodlebrain .
We had conversations like " You 're a noodlebrain " . " No , you 're the noodlebrain " .
" No , you are " .
( When we reached the point of actually naming each of her toes , however , we broke up ) .
But it does n't matter who I 'm with ;
I am eventually compelled to introduce this element into the relationship .
If I remain with the same partner longer than a few years , the name is bound to evolve .
About a year ago my wife and I finally graduated from our " Plunky " stage and moved on to " Schnaby " , a diminutive derived from noted director Julian Schnabel .
( I can't really explain it beyond that , except to say that it did commence after we watched The Diving Bell and The Butterfly ) .
With Noodles , it eventually became clear that our generic love styles really did n't match .
She took it personally , for example , when , after love-making one night , I declared , " I find the human body absolutely disgusting . "
Had she been a proper generic love match , she would have heard those words as post-coital terms of endearment .
I mean , if Jerry said that to Elaine on Seinfeld ( they were a romantic couple in the early seasons , ) would she have gotten all bent out of shape ?
Of course not ;
she would have agreed and chimed in .
Another time I made the mistake of confessing to Noodles that I had dreamt that her head was a raisin and I had eaten it .
Again , she got very upset .
Fortunately , that time I was rescued by her best friend , a Brazilian woman ,
who understood and exclaimed , " No no , that very sweet , that mean he love you .
He eat you like delicious raisin " .
The implication of all this is that if you 're still looking for your perfect match ,
just keep being who you are ,
doing things the way you 've always done them , until someone basically slides into place .
If your way of expressing love is to bicker incessantly about inane matters
" WHY DID YOU USE A PAPER CLIP WHEN YOU COULD HAVE STAPLED IT , FOR CHRISSAKES ? ? ? " 
keep it up ;
the wrong partners will not put up with it .
But I promise you , somewhere out there is someone who needs to have that kind of argument ; a paper clip libertine , perhaps .
I was showering at a friend 's apartment once ,
and he told me later that if I had stood there after showering for only three minutes before reaching for the towel ,
the towel would have gotten remarkably less wet , dried out sooner , increased his shower - per - towel stats and reduced his laundry loads .
As a guest , I dismissed all this as pathology , but I could n't help considering his wife with profound curiosity .
What was her half of this generic love exchange ?
Was she some kind of towel preservation nut as well ?
I pictured the poor woman shivering in the shower stall , silently counting , waiting for her three minutes to be up .
John Gray , the famed author of Men Are From Mars , Women Are From Venus has an audiotape I listened to
which revealed that generic love has reached a level of the impersonal that even I found staggering :
for the literarily-challenged , he actually reads a one-size-fits-all love letter on the tape
and invites male listeners to adapt the letter to their own situation !
A mass - market Cyrano !
Ladies , beware ;
the next time you receive a missive of love , demand a complete bibliography that lists all sources .
Gray also suggests on the tape that a good idea for men to try , when their women are upset with them , is to buy them flowers .
I was personally stunned by this information .
( In any event , I personally think a more accurate title for his book would be , Men Are From Mars And Venus , And So Are Women , So Good Luck ) !
I came to all these conclusions in my early 40s , nearly two decades ago ;
thus , when I reached the age of 44 , still single and searching for a mate , I was no longer looking for romance or chemistry .
My more modest goal was simply to find someone who could essentially stand having me around merely because of some utterly mundane connection we shared :
we both , perhaps , learned in elementary school to imitate an elephant using both arms dangling in front of us with hands clasped ,
as the trunk , swinging to an fro , whereas the majority of the kid population uses only one arm ;
or perhaps the fact that I know all of the words to " The Beverly Hillbillies " theme song ,
and she does a decent rendition of " Gilligan 's Island ; "
I rarely floss , she has no teeth ;
I still have a slinky , she carries around bubbles .
Something .
All perfectly good reasons to marry .
( And we did ;
it was primarily the elephant thing . And the slinky ) .
There is a dialogue in Fiddler On The Roof that perfectly concludes this study .
Yente , the matchmaker , says to her friend Avram , " Avram , I have a perfect match for your son , a wonderful girl " .
" Who is it " ? Avram asks .
" Rochel , the shoemaker 's daughter " .
" Rochel ?
But she can hardly see , she 's almost blind " .
" Tell the truth , Avram , is your son so much to look at ?
The way she sees and the way he looks , it 's a perfect match " !
Picking out the right digital camera is enough to drive you batty .
With so many brands , models and features available , finding that perfect photo rig is kind of like buying a new car .
( And it can feel just as expensive ) !
To help you select the camera of your dreams  and not get ripped off in the process 
we 've created a list of five questions you should be asking before you pull out your credit card .
Following our tips , we 've selected some of our favorite cameras on the market right now .
Happy shopping , shutterbug !
How Will You Use the Camera ?
Yes , we know most people usually consider boring stuff like budgets and price first ,
but if you don't know what you 're going to be using your new camera for , how are you going to know how much to spend ?
First , figure out which type of shooter you are and start looking for the camera to match your wants , needs and sweaty desires .
Strictly recreational 
If you 're just keen on taking snapshots of your pals to post on Facebook and or your Tumblr blog but you want better photo quality than those crappy pix you snapped with your cell phone ,
a basic semi-compact , point-and-shoot camera is probably good enough for you .
Freaky - styley 
If you like to hit the town and want to capture paparazzi - like photos of all the celebs you rub elbows with at the club ( even if they 're just your friends , )
a slim and sexy style camera may be the right model to slide in your back pocket .
On the road 
If you 're a budding travel photographer but do n't want a big , bulky ( and expensive ) digital SLR to stuff in your pack ,
a high-end compact camera with built-in lens with a wide focal range ( 28-200mm is ideal ) is probably worth your hard earned cash .
Play like a pro 
If you 've graduated from small , all-in-one cameras and want to start learning what it 's like to shoot like a pro ,
a digital SLR and an interchangeable lens ( or two or three or more lenses ) is what you should be aiming for .
How Much Do You Want to Spend ?
Ah , the $ 64,000 question ;
though you really should be spending much less than that on your camera .
( Unless you 're into 3D astrological / underwater surveillance photography ) . $
$ 80 to $ 100  If have less than $ 100 to drop , do n't panic .
You can still find some very decent , no-frills semi-compact models in that price range
that are stylish enough ( think camera-color options but stay away from purple ) that won't get you thrown out of your next house party .
And since these are lower-priced models , they 'll have a few less pixels that you actually don't need ,
since too many on a small sensor makes your photos look like ass in low light .
( More about this later ) .
Prime examples :
Canon Powershot A495 , Casio Exilim EX-Z16 $ 100 to $ 200 
If you have between $ 100 and $ 200 burning a hole in your pocket , you 're in luck .
You can find some pocket-friendly ultracompact cameras with 4x + optical zoom lenses
that are fast enough for candid photography  you know , the shots that aren't corny and posed 
and capable of recording short standard definition movie clips .
( Sorry , HD video is still at the higher end ) .
On the downside , most of cameras in this category have similar designs 
a small rectangle body with a lens in the middle  so you won't win too many style points here .
Prime examples :
Panasonic Lumix DMC-FP1A , Kodak EasyShare M380
$ 200 to $ 350
The sweet spot for point-and-shoots is the $ 200 to $ 300 range and
if you 're flush enough with cash to hit that $ 350 mark , you can find a pretty sweet , feature - rich camera that 's still small enough to fit in a pocket of a coat or your jeans .
There 's also a wider range of cameras in this price category
and along with some severely stylish models with 5x zooms and gorgeous 3 - inch LCD screens , you 'll find tough , shock-resistant rugged models that you can take underwater .
Prime examples :
Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-HX5V , Pentax Optio W90
$ 400 to $ 600  Your options widen significantly , in more ways than one .
If you like taking photos of birds or other wildlife , or if you 're just a peeping Tom , you can get a superzoom camera with a built-in lens with an insane focal length .
You 'll be able to go as wide as a mountain range ( 24mm ) and get as zoomed in as one of those giant pro lenses ( 400mm ) you see on the sidelines of a football game .
This price range can also buy you a pretty good , entry-level digital SLR with an interchangeable kit lens .
Prime examples :
Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX5 , Panasonic Lumix G10
$ 600 to $ 1,000  You can get a very solid consumer digital SLR , some of which will even let you shoot HD movie clips .
If you know a little bit about taking pictures but want to get serious about photography , this is a good slot .
Quality DSLRs with a mix of easy-to-use automatic functionality and more creative manual control abound from well-known photo manufacturers like Nikon , Canon , Olympus and Pentax and consumer electronics companies such as Sony .
Also be on the lookout for small cameras that use interchangeable lenses but have no mirror as on DSLR . These so-called EVIL ( electronic viewfinder , interchangeable lens ) cameras from Sony , Samsung , Olympus , Panasonic and others offer the portability of a compact with the image quality of a DSLR .
Prime examples :
Canon EOS Rebel T2i , Olympus EP2
$ 1,000 to $ 1,600
Aspiring pro shooters should expect to spend more than a grand on an advanced DSLR and a couple lenses .
DSLRs in this category are tougher than their entry-level counterparts 
most have rubberized grips and are gasketed and sealed to repel moisture 
and are made from tough magnesium alloy to withstand unexpected drops .
High-end DSLRs are also incredibly fast , capable of firing off multiframe bursts so you 'll know that at least one of your basketball photos is in focus .
Prime example :
Canon EOS 5D Mark II Which Brand Do You Want ?
Unless you 're shopping for a digital SLR and already have some old compatible lenses , your brand options for cameras are wide open .
In the past , the conventional wisdom was that manufacturers with a traditional photographic lineage ( Nikon , Canon , Olympus , Pentax etc ) . made the best digital cameras .
While this still may be true in some specific cases , such as for high-end lenses for DSLRs , it 's not true in a general sense .
Manufacturers with consumer - electronics backgrounds , such as Panasonic , Sony , Samsung and others , make great digital cameras packed with cool features , such as Sweep Panorama ,
a function that stitches together wide - landscape photos just by pressing the shutter and sweeping the camera in front of you .
If you don't know where to begin when it comes to brands , go to a store and lay your mitts on some of the cameras in person .
Brand status means nothing if you don't like the way a camera feels in your hand .
Also , test the shutter on a camera and see how fast it takes a picture .
There 's nothing worse than a slow camera with hideous shutter lag that makes you miss the shot .
How Many Megapixels Do you Need ?
There 's been so much misinformation over megapixels in digital cameras in recent years , it 's no wonder everyone is still mega confused .
Truth be told , if you 're just sharing your images online or making prints at up to 8.5 x 11 inches in size , you don't need much more than six megapixels in your camera .
The problem is most new compact cameras have more than double that resolution .
While more pixels means you can blow your images up big and still retain detail  who doesn't want a picture of their cat on a billboard ? 
the extra resolving power can spoil image quality , particularly in low light .
The problem lies in the pixels themselves ; try and fit too many onto an imaging sensor the size of a pinkie nail and you'll have some very small pixels that don't absorb much light .
The result is digital fuzz or " noise " in images you shoot in low light without a flash .
Recently , some manufacturers have ( mercifully ) begun to dial back the pixels in their cameras .
Two top-of-the-line compacts , the 10-MP Canon PowerShot G12 and 10.1-MP Nikon Coolpix P7000 , have fewer pixels than their recent predecessors .
Whether this is minor blip in the megapixel wars or part of a growing trend remains to be seen .
Don't Forget Sensor Size While megapixels are important in a digital camera , sensor size is , arguably , even more important .
The larger the sensor , the larger the pixels and the less noise you'll see when shooting in low light .
Though big sensors were once the domain of digital SLRs and medium-format cameras , they're now appearing in compacts with interchangeable lenses , such as the Sony NEX-5 and Olympus EP-2 ( see our recommendations below . )
So remember , when it comes to digital cameras , sensor size does matter .
Other Important Features
Zoom  We touched a little bit on cameras with built-in superzoom lenses earlier but it's good to revisit .
First off , don't be confused by zoom factors that are described as 4x , 5x or 7x on the packaging .
Always look for focal length , which is rendered in terms of " 35mm equivalent " , or what it would be comparable to in a 35mm film camera .
Also , concentrate on optical zoom , not digital zoom , which degrades image quality .
Then ask yourself , is it more important to have a camera that can shoot wide or shoot long ?
If you 're into capturing landscapes , street scenes or family reunions ( eek , ) !
wide 's the way to go and you should look for a camera that has a lens that can go as wide as at least 28mm equivalent .
( Though , ideally , we prefer 24mm equivalent ) .
If you like to photograph birds or touchdown passes , look for a long zoom that can extend optically to 200mm or even 400mm .
Though superzoomers can help you get close to the action , they 're not going to produce the same razor sharpness you 'd achieve with a quality interchangeable telephoto zoom on a digital SLR , just so you know .
Fast ( or bright ) lenses  Compact cameras with fast ( also known as bright ) lenses are part of growing trend in digital photography and one we wholeheartedly endorse .
Along with letting you take sharper photos in low light , a camera with a fast aperture lens ( one with a low f - stop number ) will let you subtly blur out the background in your portraits , making that photo of your girlfriend look like it 's from a magazine spread .
( She 'll like this ) !
Several compact cameras now have lenses with apertures of f/2.8 , which is not bad ,
and there are even a few that are as fast as f/2.0 or even f/1.8 , which is great .
That 's as bright an aperture as you 'll find on pro glass for DSLRs at a fraction of the cost .
HD video  Most digital cameras have some flavor of video recording these days and more and more are featuring high-def capture .
If you 're interested in shooting your next HD masterpiece with a compact camera or a DSLR , don't get too hung up on whether its 720p or 1080p resolution :
Both will look pretty damn good on YouTube or Vimeo ( or up on your HDTV , for that matter ) .
It is worth noting that as with still capture , you can get a lot more creative shooting high-def footage with a DSLR , since fast aperture lenses will give you a variety of professional looks , including shallow depth of field .
3-D  Cameras that can capture images that can be played back in 3-D are slowly starting to enter the market .
Personally , we think this technology is not quite ready for prime time 
you still need to wear those dopey glasses and have a compatible TV or display 
but it 's definitely worth keeping an eye on .
Who knows , in five years it could be as standard as HD capture has become .
Li Na is not a superstitious person , but she would like to replicate the success she had in Melbourne 12 months ago .
" I 'm not if first day I do this thing , I have to do every day .
I 'm not crazy about that " , she said when asked if she had any superstitions .
But winning in Australia is something Li has made a habit of .
Since 2010 , she has won 22 of her 26 matches , including a semifinal appearance here in 2010 followed by the final last year .
During that memorable run to the final against Kim Clijsters , she revealed , among other things , that her husband snores at night .
At the time Li put up with the unwanted nighttime interruptions , but this year she has a second bedroom so she can get away from it .
Her opponent on Monday , Ksenia Pervak , was not offered the same luxury  there was simply no escape .
The Australian Open 2011 finalist took just 69 minutes to turn in a no-frills 6-3 6-1 win in front of a pro-Li audience .
With the sun beating down through the open Hisense Arena roof , economy of movement was the order of the day .
Pervak 's five double faults did not help her cause , particularly when she threw down consecutive doubles to hand Li a commanding 4-1 lead in the second set .
" I was feeling end of the first set really heat on the court .
Also I was feeling no air .
I could n't breathe " , Li said .
Earlier , it was Li 's curling forehand that did the damage , the shot regularly zeroing in on the sidelines or diving just out of reach of Pervak 's searching racquet .
In her defense , Pervak has not had the best preparation coming into Monday 's match .
A migraine forced her to withdraw from her first-round match in Brisbane and a straight-sets exit in Hobart followed .
This lack of match practice caused the 20-year-old a headache of a different kind .
" I really could n't see that [ she was having trouble with the heat ]
because actually she [ was ] running fast on the court " , Li said .
The reigning French Open champion will now face either Melburnian Olivia Rogowska or Sofia Arvidsson for a place in the third round .
Typically , the fifth seed is n't letting the win go to her head
and refuses to look ahead to a possible fourth - round encounter with 2011 champion Kim Clijsters .
" This tournament is even bigger , more important .
Yeah , for me , just one thing , round by round , step by step " , she said .
The one thing Li said she did take out of her win , however , was a strong belief in herself 
something largely missing during her horror run in the second half of last year .
" I was feeling more , yeah , trust myself I can win the match .
Yeah , more believe myself " .
The mosquitoes descend so ferociously that residents simply call them " the plague " .
Piranhas patrol streams .
Caiman lurk in ponds .
Then there are the monkeys .
Visiting volunteers at this jungle outpost have written verses about their propensity to urinate on human belongings .
But the foreigners who make their way to the Ambue Ari animal reserve come here for a very different draw : the big cats .
More than two dozen live here in cages , including jaguars , pumas and ocelots .
Visitors with training no more extensive than having seen a few episodes of " Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom " can walk these beasts around the jungle on a leash .
" I 'm from Connecticut " ,
said Ryan Lewis , 31 , who came here after serving in the United States Army in Iraq and working as a trader of recycled metals in Toronto .
" I was searching for something to do which was really different " .
He certainly appeared to have found that .
He spent a recent Sunday morning taking a puma named Tupac on a walk .
Ambue Ari , legendary in hostels up and down South America 's backpacking circuit ,
has found itself at the center of a controversy among animal welfare officials and big cat experts for allowing visitors such intimate contact with predators that are both dangerous and endangered .
Animal welfare officials , aware of the risks jaguars pose to the visiting volunteers , would like Ambue Ari to stop allowing jaguars out for walks .
" We asked them during an inspection to stop this practice " ,
said David Kopp , an official in the Vice Ministry of Biodiversity in the capital , La Paz .
But in Bolivia , one of South America 's poorest nations , regulatory gray areas can be especially broad here in its remote interior .
Mr . Kopp acknowledged that Ambue Ari served an important role in caring for rescued jaguars that overpopulated zoos could not accept .
He said the authorities had to remain flexible until new safety measures overseeing the handling of big cats could be put into effect .
Ambue Ari 's directors and many of its visiting volunteers say they are devoted to the animals in their care ,
some of which are rescued from captivity as abused household pets or illegally trafficked in outdoor markets .
By having the big cats walked , Ambue Ari 's directors contend , the animals are given greater freedom than big cats that rarely leave their cages .
" Our cats live with more dignity than those in any zoo " , said Tania Baltazar , 37 ,
the president of Inti Wara Yassi , the nonprofit group that manages Ambue Ari and two other refuges in Bolivia .
She said no one at Ambue Ari , which sprawls over 1,991 acres of forest , had been killed by the cats since the refuge was created in 2002 .
Still , she acknowledged that some nonfatal injuries were an inevitable result of such close interaction with big cats .
" Scars are nature 's tattoos " ,
said Ms . Baltazar , showing a few of her own .
In the depths of January 's rainy season , the visitors numbered 16 souls ,
including a Canadian carpenter , a Swedish security guard , a British gap - year student and an Australian environmental consultant .
Each pays $ 10 a day for the privilege of living in a setting somewhere between spartan and squalid .
Defiantly off the grid , Ambue Ari has no telephone , no television , no Internet , no air-conditioning , no flush toilets .
Breakfast one day consisted of ramen noodles with ketchup .
Lunch was white rice , potatoes and a fried egg .
Dinner : ditto .
For those worried about risks involved with big cats , a veterinarian , Zandro Vargas , is on duty .
He applies stitches to people , too .
Jaguars , apex predators that can weigh about 250 pounds , are capable of killing cattle and horses .
Attacks on humans are rare but can easily be fatal .
A Bolivia-born jaguar killed a zookeeper at the Denver Zoo in 2007 .
A jaguar killed a gold miner in Guyana in 2009 .
In Belize , a jaguar that escaped from its cage at an animal rescue center during a hurricane last October was blamed for the mauling death of an American citizen .
" Relative to their weight , jaguars have the most powerful bite of all cats " ,
said Rafael Hoogesteijn ,
a Venezuelan veterinarian who works in Brazil for Panthera , an organization that promotes conservation of large cats .
He called the methods used at Ambue Ari " an invitation to disaster " .
Others seemed to agree .
" Would I want to wander around the forest with a jaguar on a leash ?
Well , no " !
said Stuart Pimm , an ecologist at Duke University
who serves on National Geographic 's big cats initiative , a program to find ways to prevent jaguars and other cats from becoming extinct .
" Because there's no doubt a jaguar can finish you off in a few seconds " .
The thrill of walking a big cat certainly captivates some who make the trek here .
Thayer Walker , a writer for Outside magazine who visited Ambue Ari in 2009 ,
described the sensation as being influenced by " the narcotic effects of mainlining 1.5 million years of predatory instinct through a frayed leash cinched at my wrist " .
Robert Thoren , 27 , a mountain climber from Los Angeles , arrived here for a brief stay after a bout with pneumonia while backpacking near Lake Titicaca .
He ended up staying four years and now oversees construction at Ambue Ari and the group 's two other sites .
" It 's no more dangerous to volunteer here than in the Sudan " , he said .
" We 've had no lost limbs " ,
added Mr . Thoren , explaining a policy that sequesters cats deemed too dangerous to walk with volunteers in expansive cages ,
where they can still roam with more ease than in zoos .
The conditions at Ambue Ari seem to instill a sense of communal purpose .
Volunteers gather at breakfast for a chant of " Inti Wara Yassi " ! 
or " Sun , Moon , Stars " !
Then they venture into the jungle with leashes of rope clipped into carabiners .
Staff members say the rainy season , with its mosquito swarms and moldy clothes , attracts the toughest volunteers .
They share fungal medication and Clif Bars , sweating through a climate that feels like a 24 - hour sauna .
Some battle parasites .
Many lose weight , acquiring a waifish heroin - chic look .
" I heard of this place by word of mouth " , said Camilla Nasholm , 22 , a Swedish volunteer . " It 's been wonderful so far " .
Some , like Roy Argue , 45 , a Canadian volunteer , capture Ambue Ari 's allure in poetry .
The expansion of Bolivia 's agricultural frontier has brought Mennonite settlers to the refuge 's fringes ,
where they have cut down forest to plant soybeans and sunflowers .
" Where there are mosquitoes there is life " ,
said Ms . Baltazar , the president of Inti Wara Yassi ,
explaining why repellent was banned here 
because the cats do n't like it and out of respect for the insects themselves .
" The creatures in our care come first " .
All-time Top Free iPad Applications
Apple has reviewed all the apps for the iPad and made a list of the best free iPad applications of all times .
Can you guess what apps that will be ?
Frankly speaking I managed to guess only three of them and was surprised by my lack of perception .
The iPad's House writing team gives detailed information on each all-time top free iPad application for you to check them
and probably have the ones you like and still don't have .
1 . Google Mobile App :
Google moves to your iPad to help you search for anything quickly and successfully .
It has been enhanced so now you can search using your voice , locations and pictures 
I 've always wanted to search by pictures !
Voice search is also awesome 
you just hold your tablet and say what you need distinctly and 
presto ! 
here it is .
This best free iPad app saves the search history so it will be very easy to check what your child was searching for on your iPad .
The interface is simple and user - friendly  one does n't need unnecessary things when just searching for something .
2. Google Earth :
Any part of the world , any mountain , city or lake can be on your tablet through Google Earth for your iPad .
Navigating the world while in a traffic jam or at a boring meeting is possible with one movement of your finger .
To see where you are now you need to choose the Location feature .
With this app it is hard to get lost anywhere except perhaps a supermarket .
Wikipedia articles about some places are also available which makes this all-time top free iPad application even more illustrative .
3 . Movies by Flixster  with Rotten Tomatoes :
All you wanted to know about movies is in this best free app for iPad .
Should you like to watch a trailer  please do , to read the latest articles and reviews 
here they are , to check where you can have a bite after going to a movie theatre  there is a list of restaurants which are not far from theatres .
The app was designed in such a way that you can 't possibly have a question it does n't have an answer to .
You can search through the catalogs and find theatres in your area with the in-built map as well .
4 . Tube Map :
Welcome to London tube !
Tube map is not just an ordinary map .
It can show you live statuses of the trains , update you about where to change lines and let you zoom in and out to make out all the details .
Tap any station 's icon and see all the information about it .
I would like to say a few words about Journey Planner .
This thing will save you time and propose you a minute route to follow .
The all-time top free iPad application will be very helpful for tourists who would prefer to see the upper part of London rather than the lower during their visit .
5 . Solitaire :
I think everyone knows what this free iPad app is about .
Apart from the games it also offers you custom backgrounds and card backs , full statistics to see the way you develop your skills , several types of scoring to suit the funs of all of them .
Both landscape and portrait modes can be used to play cards with this app which is undoubtedly convenient .
What I like about Solitaire is Undo option which can be used as many times as you wish .
Right and left handed plays are supported so no one is going to be neglected .
6 . iBooks :
Read books on your iPad with iBooks and enjoy this highly realistic experience .
Visit the iBookstore and have your own collection of the world 's best pieces of literature .
Search for any place by a word or word combination  on the whole searching is very easy here .
If you need to urgently work with a PDF file you can just import it from your mail to the iBook and do whatever you want .
This free iPad app is the best among all the other readers available for the iPad
and you can tell it by the place it occupies on our list .
7 . Remote :
What this all-time top free iPad application does is stated in its name .
It will turn you tablet into a remote control .
Feel free to work with other devices with just a swipe of your finger .
Check your iTunes library and look through the apps and games , play video and music on your iPad .
Use home sharing and your WiFi system to sync several devices and be able to connect them through any of them .
Remote will make your interaction with all the devices highly productive and pleasant .
8 . BBC News :
Breaking news from all over the world will stream into your tablet being powered by BBC .
Beautifully organized the news look great on the iPad 's screen ,
user-friendly interface will let you understand how to deal with it at once .
So if you 've been pondering for some time and couldn't make up your mind on what news app to get  this is it ! 
BBC News will keep you updated about the world 's latest events which can be sorted according to the geographical location and category .
9 . Twitter :
If you wanted to get an official Twitter app and skip all the other ones then this one is what you need .
Search and read tweets in real time , check the latest topics and maps and see what is happening around you on the screen of you loved tablet .
Of course you can tweet , share videos , photos and links with your family and friends .
If you 've never had a Twitter account you can create it right from this free iPad app .
10 . Virtuoso Piano Free 2 HD :
Playing piano has been possible without a real piano for a long time already .
Virtuoso Piano Free 2 HD is one of the best music apps
which proposes a realistic experience and is packed with useful features to help you learn playing easily and quickly .
Playing chords with up to five fingers and using your library to play the best music in the world are just few of them .
Will popular websites , especially those from news and entertainment companies , work on the iPad ?
Apple , in an arguably brilliant PR effort now has an answer :
an online collection of iPad - Ready sites .
The Cupertino-based maker of iPods and iPhones made a bold , potentially Internet-changing decision when it decided that the upcoming slate computer known as the Apple iPad would not support Adobe Flash technology .
This browser plugin , used across the Web for everything from streaming video to casual games , is slowly being phased out by HTML 5 , the next revision of the core markup language used in the creation of Web pages .
The video support included in the upcoming Web standard requires no downloadable , installable plugin in order to work . But HMTL 5 is still new , and details - including what video codec it will support - have not been ironed out .
Apple 's New " iPad - Ready " Collection Initially spotted by the eagle-eye bloggers at The Next Web , the new " iPad Ready " resource available at www.apple.com/ipad/ready-for-ipad is a collection of websites that now officially work on the iPad .
According to the site 's description , this collection includes websites that take advantage of standards like HTML 5 , CSS3 and JavaScript . In other words , these are sites that have been designed just for the millions of new iPad owners expected to be online by the end of the first quarter this year .
Included in the list are CNN , Reuters , New York Times , Vimeo , Time , Major League Baseball , The White House , Virgin America , Sports Illustrated , Flickr , People Magazine and TED .
Site owners who want their website listed can use the included submission form to be added to the list .
Also , at the bottom of the page , there 's a link to the Safari Technical Library documentation detailing how to get your Web content ready for the iPad .
Did Apple Make this a War ?
This " iPad Ready " site 's launch seems all the more relevant in light of yesterday 's news from Apple 's newest rival Google :
the Internet giant announced it would begin integrating Flash into its Web browser Google Chrome .
Was that a shot at Apple ?
Or was Google genuinely interested in making Web browsing less complex for everyday users ? It 's a valid question .
The debate about Flash 's future on the Internet is so hotly charged at the moment ,
that even WSJ reporter Walt Mossberg seemed afraid go into detail in his otherwise stellar , in-depth iPad review . The only mention he made was this : " I probably used the laptops about 20 % as often as normal , reserving them mainly for writing or editing longer documents , or viewing Web videos in Adobe 's Flash technology , which the iPad does n't support , despite its wide popularity online " .
Perhaps he honestly does n't think the iPad 's inability to display Flash content will be an issue .. and maybe it won't be . But to ignore the burning question that many soon-to-be iPad owners have - that is :
will my favorite websites work ? - seems like an oversight at best .
These days , the Flash vs . HTML 5 discussion is being framed as a " war " ( and if you read through the comments of a post detailing video performance test results , you would think it certainly is . )
But the truth is , HTML 5 is n't displacing Adobe Flash anytime soon .
The issue , said Allaire , is that the percentage of Web browsers that support HTML 5 is " tiny " , and those that do so have n't yet settled on one video codec as the default .
Until there 's uniformity in the implementation of HTML 5 video , he said , publishers will offer multiple versions of their websites , dependent on what device , browser and operating system is in use by their website visitors . So in the meantime , that means desktop Web surfers will see Flash , iPad Web surfers will see HTML 5 on some sites and the " Flash broken blue logo " elsewhere .
Even if that 's the case , it won't , in the end , take away from the iPad 's relevance in the new age of touch-based computing .
Don't miss the ReadWriteWeb Mobile Summit on May 7th in Mountain View , California !
You might expect young women scientists to make less than older men .
But veteran female life science researchers , even in very advanced positions , still make less than their male counterparts .
So finds a report in the journal Academic Medicine .
Previous studies about income disparities in the life sciences did n't take into account factors such as holding leadership positions . So for this study , researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital surveyed more than 3,000 investigators at the top 50 academic medical centers .
The anonymous responses included information on professional leadership activities , the number of papers published and the journals they were in , hours spent working on professional , scientific and clinical activities  and , of course , pay .
Women in the same academic positions as men worked more hours . But they made on average six to 15,000 dollars less per year than their male counterparts .
Over a 30 - year career for an average faculty member , that disparity could result in a more than $ 200,000 difference .
Lead researcher Eric Campbell says he suspects that , " Major systemic changes will be needed if we ever hope to achieve the ideal of equal pay for equal work in academic medicine " .
rick roll reflex The time it takes to react to being rick roll ed .
I.e. how long it takes you to close your browser window after you 've been rick roll ed .
Jorge 's rick roll reflex is madd quick .
Rick did n't even get to the third linn drum hit .
( Background :
A rick roll is a prank played on an unsuspecting web surfer .
To be rick rolled is when browsing a website ( especially a discussion forum or comment board , ) one comes across a link expecting it to lead to one thing , but finds something completely different when the link is clicked .
The name Rick refers to 80s pop singer Rick Astley .
The standard rick roll generally involves someone posting a link claiming it leads to something quite interesting ( e.g. hot chicks in panties , ) but actually linking to a video of Mr . Astley singing " Never Gonna Give You Up " .
This is usually considered a major let-down .
Money and knowledge :
Suppose , you have offered money and knowledge . You have to take one of them . Which one you should choose ?
Money . Teacher :
But why do you take money ?
I have the lack of money that 's why .
You have the lack of knowledge . That 's why
Admonitions to a Special Person
Watchout for power , for its avalanchecan bury you , snow , snow , snow , smothering your mountain .
Watchout for hate , it can open its mouth and you 'll fling yourself out to eat off your leg , an instant leper .
Watchout for friends , because when you betray them , as you will , they will bury their heads in the toilet and flush themselves away .
Watchout for intellect , because it knows so much it knows nothing and leaves you hanging upside down , mouthing knowledge as your heart falls out of your mouth .
Watch out for games , the actor 's part , the speech planned , known , given ,
for they will give you away and you will stand like a naked little boy , pissing on your own child - bed .
Watch out for love
( unless it is true , and every part of you says yes including the toes , )
it will wrap you up like a mummy , and your scream won't be heard and none of your running will end .
Love ?
Be it man .
Be it woman .
It must be a wave you want to glide in on , give your body to it , give your laugh to it , give , when the gravelly sand takes you , your tears to the land .
To love another is something like prayer and can't be planned ,
you just fall into its arms because your belief undoes your disbelief .
Special person , if I were you I 'd pay no attention to admonitions from me , made somewhat out of your words and somewhat out of mine .
A collaboration .
I do not believe a word I have said , except some , except I think of you like a young tree with pasted - on leaves and know you 'll root and the real green thing will come .
Let go .
Let go .
Oh special person , possible leaves , this typewriter likes you on the way to them , but wants to break crystal glasses in celebration , for you , when the dark crustis thrown off and you float all around like a happened balloon .
More and more people are going back to school to take courses to get further qualifications these days .
These like - minded people want to improve themselves for better futures .
These mature students , along with current students in college or university , may find it a real challenge to keep up with all the studying required to do well in their courses .
Indeed , this is very much related to productivity issues of getting enough done .
When I started in university many years ago , it was a bit of a culture shock .
One of the most extreme differences on campus compared to high school was that the professors did n't really seem to care whether I showed up for classes or not .
In some classes , many students were even falling asleep .
I enjoyed this freedom of showing up for classes whenever I wanted .
But the rude awakening soon came when I got my first set of grades .
My marks sank to ' C ' averages and I was even at risk of failing a course or two .
Better study habits
My study habits were poor and last minute cramming for tests or exams made university life quite stressful .
Some things had to change as I faced the possibility of dropping out of university without a degree .
If you are either a current or returning student , I 'm sure that you do n't want to be in this type of situation either .
Fortunately , I stumbled onto a study skills strategy that saved me .
This method virtually eliminates the need to cram for exams .
I started using this strategy to completely change my study habits and it made a huge difference for me .
This study strategy is ideal especially for courses that involve final exams that cover all material that was introduced during a semester or entire year .
Here is what this strategy involves .
For each of your courses , schedule a regular study session each week .
Stick to this study session schedule faithfully like a job .
During each study session , review everything that you have covered in your course so far from day one to present .
Continue reviewing all content each week even if you do n't have an upcoming test or exam .
Although there will be more material to cover each week for each course as you move along the semester , covering earlier material will become faster as you become more familiar with them each week .
You might not have to increase that much time to each study session as the year goes by .
The beauty of this study habits strategy is that by the time final exams roll around , you will be quite familiar with most of the course content because you have been reviewing it each week .
Using this strategy will allow you to go into your final exams with much more confidence than ever before .
The only new material is the most recent since older content will be well absorbed into your head from all those weeks of regular study .
No more cramming for exams This study strategy worked wonders for me as it took me from a ' C ' average student to ' B + / A ' - average by graduation .
This not only allowed me to finish my degree successfully , it got me into MBA school where I needed to have even better study habits in place .
So there it is  my top study skills strategy that basically involves weekly review of everything that you've covered in your courses to date .
So no more cramming for exams needed !
Clint Cora is a motivational speaker , author &amp; Karate World Champion based near Toronto , Canada .
Get his FREE 3 - part Personal Development Video Series on how to expand your comfort zone and finally conquer even your most daunting goals in life .
Exclusive :
Google To Go Nuclear
on Mar 31 , 2010 Google has acquired a company that has created a new process for highly efficient isotope separation , we 've confirmed from multiple sources .
The primary use of this technology , say experts we 've spoken with , is uranium enrichment .
Enriched uranium is a necessary ingredient in the creation of nuclear energy ,
and one source we 've spoken with at Google says that this is part of the Google Green Initiative .
The company will use the new technology to enable it to design and possibly build small , mobile and highly efficient nuclearpower generators .
" Google has already begun building an enrichment plant " , says a high ranking IAEA source .
As Green Beat points out , " Google finally decided to launch a dedicated unit of the company for designing and building its own solar panels , wind turbines , energy efficiency devices , etc .
So far , its green efforts have been pursued by separate projects within the company .
Nuclear is an obvious next step for the company " .
Green Beat first broke the story ( first titled Google Has A Big Alternate Energy Announcement Forthcoming ) after seeing multiple tweets about the impending announcement .
But other sources we 've spoken with say Google has no real intention of pursuing nuclear energy , despite the fact that the company has promoted the use of alternate energy sources for years .
Of particular concern is the fact that the company Google acquired is based outside of the U.S. ,
and little is known about the new enrichment technology they 've developed .
Nuclear power generation is a highly regulated industry .
And enriched uranium is a particularly sensitive topic and creation and distribution of the substance is highly controlled .
Enriched uranium can also be used for nuclear weapons production , which is why the industry is so highly regulated .
Says one source :
" The story Google is putting out there is that the new technology will be built for clean energy production .
But all of the research and development they 're doing in this area is being conducted outside of the U.S , .
and the enrichment facility is also outside of the U.S. "
And more chillingly :
" It would be trivial for anyone with this technology to build a nuclear weapon " .
Google , which has been shaken by its inability to counter Chinese censorship and hacking efforts , may be engaging in enrichment research as part of a new effort to simply protect itself from outside threats .
One source pointed out that if Google were its own country ,
its revenues would place it at 74 th on the list of countries sorted by gross domestic product .
" The U.S. government clearly won't protect Google from China ,
so Google is taking the logical step of protecting itself with a physical deterrent " .
To be clear , most of this is speculation .
All we 've confirmed is that Google has acquired a company with a new enrichment process
and that they have begun researching small , nuclear portable generators .
But there is real evidence here that Google may be working on something much more sinister to counter the China threat .
More as this develops .
Jonathan Glancey describes some of the weird and wonderful work of architects around the world
1 / 6 The Basket Building
The Longaberger Company , based in the Ohio town of Newark in the US , makes traditional woven baskets .
So there was only one thing their new HQ could look like
The Crooked House
This house in Sopot , a seaside town in Poland , opened in 2004 ,
and is now said to be the most photographed building in the country
Photograph :
Luxor Hotel and Casino
This 350 ft - high pyramid in LasVegas was built by an army of 1,000
Photograph :
Inntel Hotels Amsterdam , Zaandam , Netherlands
Part of a new development of traditional streets lined with neo - traditional buildings ,
the hotel cost $ 15m (  13.4 m ) to build .
Photograph :
House in the Clouds
Built as a water tower for the  Thorpeness holiday village in  Suffolk in the 1920s , this now serves as a highly unusual holiday home
Photograph :
Wonderworks
It 's as if a passing giant toppled this 19th - century neoclassical US court house over .
The detailing on this gateway to the WonderWorks theme park , in the town of Pigeon Forge in Tennessee , is immensely enjoyable , right down to the inverted street lamps and palm trees
Photograph :
Blackberry Limeade
Blackberries are too often overlooked in favor of their flashier berry cousins ,
but this drink elevates them to their proper status .
The sweet tang of lime balances the blackberry flavor perfectly , for a refreshing beverage that 's perfect over ice .
If you 're feeling creative , try making the limeade into a base for a cocktail
Kiwi Colada Tropical coconut and pineapple combine with melon liqueur and the subtle flavor of kiwi in this blended iced cocktail whose green color looks absolutely gorgeous on any party table .
If you can find them , try using golden kiwi fruit instead for a sweeter taste and pretty golden color .
Lemon Verbena Iced Tea
Nothing is more refreshing on a hot day than a tall glass of sweet tea with just the right amount of tart lemon flavor , especially if sipped in a rocking chair on the porch .
The bright citrus flavor of the lemon - verbena syrup will also add sparkle to a variety of cocktails , so make an extra batch .
Jamaica Margaritas
Agua de jamaica is a sweet beverage made with hibiscus blossoms , popular on hot days all over Latin America .
We 've taken that concept to the next level by incorporating the floral , summery taste of hibiscus into a classic margarita for an elegant outdoor - party cocktail .
Minted Lemon - Lime Watermelon Agua Fresca
Sweet , tangy , and absolutely thirst-quenching , this beverage is one the whole family can enjoy .
Blueberry Thrill
Sweet blueberries infuse spicy gin for summer 's most refreshing sipper .
For a fizzy cocktail , pour gin , cardamom syrup , and lemon juice over crushed ice in a glass ; top with chilled club soda .
Sparkling Sangria
This effervescent creation contains lots of fruit for sweetness and summer flavor of course ,
and then we add cava , a Spanish sparkling wine , for bubbles and a kick .
Brandied Berry Milk Shake
Fresh , sweet berries blended into ice cream are a great way to cool off after anything hot and spicy or grilled .
The brandy adds a nice depth to this shake , but it 's almost as good without alcohol
Lemon Verbena Gimlet Cocktails
The tartness of lime juice and the herbal freshness of verbena both make this cocktail taste light and refreshing .
If the party 's outside , pour these over ice to keep them cold ,
but for a more elegant look indoors , shake with ice in a cocktail shaker and strain into chilled martini glasses .
Sparkling Rosemary - Peach Cocktails
A heady punch of woodsy rosemary creates an herbaceous riff on the classic Bellini .
Agua Fresca de Pepino
Serve this refreshing cooler on a hot day  it 's perfect with spicy Mexican food .
Because we only include a tiny amount of seeded serrano pepper , the beverage does n't become very spicy but picks up the " green " vegetal flavors of the pepper .
Use the remaining serrano pepper in your favorite salsa recipe , or toss it into a lime - based salad dressing with cilantro
Cilantro - Jalapeo Limeade
Jalapeo adds a subtle kick , and cilantro brings grassy , herbal notes to classic limeade .
Adults might like to stir in a little tequila .
Peach Lemonade
Peaches add sweet , mellow roundness to traditional lemonade .
Stir in white rum or bourbon for grown-ups .
Champagne Mango Margaritas Champagne mangoes are also called Ataulfo mangoes .
Other varieties may be used but won't be as smooth .
Use more mango nectar to compensate .
For Brulat , photography is about capturing humanity expressing convictions as was evidenced in Immaculate and Primates ,
his series of images of a business area and the relationship between Human beings and their environment by day and by night , using his naked body to create those powerful scene .
Brulat says " I want to understand why people , groups and societies behave the way they do " .
" What shocked me with Immaculate was that this neighborhood lived just for a system ,
and when at night the system stops , when there is no need to activate it , it simply dies ,
a system created by Humans , sustained by Humans leave absolutely no love , no happiness , no sadness . No place to any kind of living .
I am fascinated by places where the beauty of Human beings has gone " .
It makes sense then that Brulat focused his attentions on a series of photographs about the Human in the environment , depicting ' the vulnerability and the smallness of our species ' .
Showing a small figure facing the threats of an hostile environment .
In ten years time , he hopes to have brought both happiness and sadness to people via his work ,
but most of all hopes that not all his expectations will come to fruition .
' Otherwise , in a way , it will be really boring ' !
And that 's one adjective we would not associate with Brulat . "
Her cut glass accent is the one by which all others are judged , but is the Queen now talking more like her subjects ?
That is the view of actress Dame Helen Mirren , who has announced she will return to play the monarch in a new West End play .
She feels the Queen has developed an ' estuary ' twang to her accent over the years .
Dame Helen , 67 , who won an Oscar for portraying the Queen in the 2006 film of the same name , will play Her Majesty from the age of 25 to the present day in ' The Audience . '
The play will look at the Queen 's weekly meetings with prime ministers during that period , from Winston Churchill to David Cameron .
News that Helen Mirren was resuming her regal role was broken by the Daily Mail 's Baz Bamigboye on Friday .
In studying for the role , the actress has said the Queen has shown incredible consistency in everything she does over the years , in her clothes , hairstyle and professional attitude .
But she has noticed one slight change in that time , in the accent the Queen has used .
' Her voice has changed , and I can use that ..
she had a terribly posh voice when she was young ' , said Dame Helen .
' But now even the Queen , while she is n't quite dropping the ends of her lines - though her grandsons do - there 's a tiny bit of estuary creeping in there . '
I can use all that to signify the age range and we 'll come up with other things ' .
This is not the first time the Queen has been accused of dropping her high standards of speech .
A study of the Queen 's Christmas Day broadcasts carried out in 2000 showed that her accent had gone from clipped in the 1940s to one more in common with a Radio 4 presenter .
Dame Helen has admitted to having reservations about playing the monarch again , but the play 's director , Stephen Daldry , convinced her otherwise .
' I certainly do n't want to be known as the actress who played the Queen , so there was a slight sense of apprehension about that element ' , she said .
' I was thinking " You should n't really be doing this , Helen .
I do n't think it 's right " . And the thought of doing a play - you can't go anywhere for six months ' .
She admitted she came around to the idea because of the people involved :
' Here are some of the best people at what they do in the world . If you do n't do it , you 're an absolute idiot .
So here we go again ' .
The play opens next February at London 's Gielgud Theatre , and is written by Peter Morgan , the author of The Queen .
By the year 2020 , the big players in cloud computing and big data could consume more power than France , Germany , Canada and Brazil combined , says environmental advocacy group Green peace in a report released today .
The group is calling for technology companies that require large data centers to begin using renewable energy sources ,
warning that " the growth of Internet computing could come with a huge jump in greenhouse gas emissions . "
Green peace is calling attention to a central flaw in the duality of technology - its ability to help the world while , at the same time , running off the same old , dirty , polluting power sources that harm it .
The report , entitled " Make IT Green : Cloud Computing and its Contribution to Climate Change , "
" shows how the launch of quintessential cloud computing devices like the Apple iPad , which offer users access to the ' cloud ' of online services like social networks and video streaming ,
can contribute to a much larger carbon footprint of the Information Technology ( IT ) sector than previously estimated " .
The report highlights Facebook 's recent commissioning of a data center in Oregon , which is powered primarily by coal , " the United States ' largest source of greenhouse gas emissions " .
Yahoo , ! on the other hand , " chose to build a data centre outside Buffalo , New York , that is powered by energy from a hydroelectric plant - dramatically decreasing its carbon footprint " .
Google , it notes , has been " recently approved as a regulated wholesale buyer and seller of electricity , "
meaning any power it creates that it can not use it can sell back to the power companies .
Green peace is using statistics from Smart 2020 , a 2008 study that found that changes within the ICT sector could reduce " 15 % of business as usual emissions . "
As a result of rapid expansion in places like India and China , " demand for ICT services will quadruple by 2020 . "
The release of the report comes just days before Apple 's release of the iPad , a device that will assuredly run off cloud - based services ,
and just weeks after Microsoft said it was betting the farm on the cloud .
There has been a lot of speculation about the reason behind Apple's recent acquisition of Siri , the mobile voice based virtual assistant app for the iPhone .
Some have said that it is to improve Apple's voice search capabilities while still others have said it was to fast track the launch of Apple's patented iTravel application .
The acquisition is a combination of both improving voice search on the iPhone , which has been primarily dominated by the Google app ,
and Siri's already tight integration with a variety of booking and content APIs .
What hasn't been discussed so far is that Siri's underlying framework is already designed to plug into multiple APIs for the purposes of searching and booking .
Although I have never seen Siri's architecture , it is not difficult to envision the structure based on their partnership model that clearly shows a preference for companies that provide revenue share with strong , well documented transactional APIs .
The key word here being transactional .
Siri , as some have already described , is an action oriented search tool which allows the user to search for local services and book the services in real-time and within the context of the application .
This is an important distinction from Google , which returns relevant search results and then points the searcher off to the vendors website to book or call .
In contrast , the Siri app takes the user from search right to confirmation all without leaving the application .
By taking a different approach to the search process , Siri has essentially created a mobile voice based booking engine .
Presumably the API integration framework they have created will allow Apple to add additional APIs into the mix without having to develop the framework from scratch .
The app already supports restaurant reservations through OpenTable , taxi bookings through Taxi Magic , movie tickets through Showtime , and local listings from a variety of sources including Yahoo !
Most recently though , Siri partnered with our company , Rezgo , a leading tour and activity reservation platform to provide in app booking of local tours and activities .
This move into tourism-related products , the acquisition by Apple , and the release of the iTravel patent documents all seem to point to a move towards providing access to all forms of travel bookings on the iPhone .
What is equally interesting is the way in which Siri has partnered with leading platforms .
By specifically choosing to work with applications that provide a revenue share model and in application booking , they are able to provide a seamless search and booking experience for the user without having to deal with the overhead and headaches of being an intermediary .
Even if the margins are slimmer going through an established partner , the potential volume of bookings will result in a significant cumulative revenue share through the application .
Given that over 80% of tours and activities are booked in destination , this could make the iTravel app the booking tool of choice for mobile users .
Only time will tell whether or not Apple's strategy is going to pay off .
Whether or not it does , the addition of Siri's voice search and virtual assistant technology will make the iPhone a better device and ultimately iTravel , regardless of its features , a better application .
One of the most satisfying things happens when I move to a new house : forced minimalism .
When I move  and many people are the same way  I declutter my possessions so I do n't have to move so much .
I 'd rather get rid of half my stuff than have to pack and move it all .
It takes some work to declutter everything , but it 's deeply satisfying .
And it 's much easier these days , now that I normally keep things fairly simple .
Still , there 's always an accumulation of clutter that happens over time .
When I 'm done moving , I 'm down to the bare essentials ( plus a few other comforts . )
My new home is beautifully minimalist , and I 'm truly happy .
I try to keep my home like this most of the time , but with all my kids , it 's not always possible .
Moving forces me to be minimalist , and it 's a time of reflection :
what do I need ?
What do I really use ?
What do I love ?
So my question today for you :
if you had to move today , what would you take ?
It might be useful to make an actual list .
Then it might be useful to get rid of everything not on the list .
Just a thought .
Photo of the Day Sei Whale Skull ,
Chile
March 31 , 2010 Sei Whale Skull , Chile Photograph by Maria Stenzel
This Month in Photo of the Day :
National Geographic Magazine Features Inland ice fields give way along Chile 's coast to a maze of islands and fjords .
The weather here is rarely calm .
On Byron Island , the skull of a sei whale rests in a tidal creek  until the next storm .
Seton Hill University plans to give every first year undergraduate student a 13 " MacBook and an iPad .
Just last month , George Fox University in Oregon also announced that it plans to give its new students a choice between a MacBook or an iPad .
The question , though , is if programs like this are n't a bit premature , given that nobody has actually used the device yet and that we do n't really know how well the iPad will work for textbooks and other school - related activities .
Can the iPad Succeed Where the Kindle Failed ?
So far , Amazon 's Kindle and other e-book readers have n't made a major dent in the textbook market
and the early experiments with e- textbooks on the Kindle have been met with little success .
At the same time , though , textbook publishers will surely embrace the iPad ,
either by publishing books through their own apps and bookstores , or by releasing books through Apple 's , Amazon 's or B&amp;N 's e-book stores .
Interactive Textbooks
Given the amount of interactivity that 's possible with books on the iPad , we can only hope that publishers will make good use of the device 's capabilities .
While just publishing a static book on the iPad might be good enough for some subjects , Penguin 's recent demonstration of interactive books clearly shows the potential of interactive books on the iPad .
At the same time , though , publishing textbooks is already an expensive business ,
so it remains to be seen how many interactive textbooks we will actually see .
December 19 , 2009
Arriving in Islamabad it did n't take long to find the boys , that is , once we found the hostel they were residing in .
I should have known by now that it was going to be a trial .
Examining an LP map is never to be undertaken in a coherent and scientific manner but as an art - abstract at that .
They , had the YHA on a road adjacent to the diplomatic compound where most of the embassies can be found ,
yet where we found it , eventually , after asking a couple of people , was about two streets back , hidden behind a petrol station .
Meeting up with the trio we quickly learned , on having parted company back in Chilas , they had largely been confined to the hotel for two days as it proved difficult to get a bus willing to take them along with their bikes .
I could n't help but chuckle . Memories vividly came flooding back of the town being a little lawless and on the edge of sanity .
I think they had had more of an adventure than us .
And the irony lay in if they had joined us , not only would they have been picked up by the police , given a free ride and dropped off as far as Besham where a bus would have been easy to get thus solving their transport problem ,
but they would have been able to see more of the KKH since they caught the bus at night .
Three days later , with fresh Indian visas in their passports , the boys were away and on the road to Lahore , leaving Christian and I to sniff out Pakistan 's capital while it was our turn to wait for the visas .
Being a modern city with not a building over the age of fifty and sprawled out on a grid , I took to my bike and hit the wide open avenues splitting the faceless blocks .
True to form , it ended up to be a veritable legoland ;
and like all modern cities I have been to or through , there lay that inevitable self - mocking twist exposed by time 's hand to this dreamed up , schemed up plan .
Lamp posts leaned and rubbish lay scattered and strewn about trying their best to camouflage the broken and ramping paving slabs .
Missing kerbsides along with cracked and crumbled walls ripped through the communities as if an earthquake had just struck that people took to all too apathetically .
Live wires - when the power was n't cut as happens every day at some hour - dangled low just inches from your head . You just could n't help but wonder what happened . Islamabad is not so much poorly maintained as never maintained at all !
And this parody was to become darker still as more sorry sights were to beset me .
The parks dreamed up long ago to add that all important refuge for the common man to reflect on thoughts and rest his mind and weary limbs had done their job only on a grand scale and those reflections had done little to ease his mind but constrain it further still with ever eroding thoughts of his plight .
Refugees , numbering in the hundreds , maybe thousands , no doubt uprooted from their homeland to west near the Afghan border , took to them en masse , in their makeshift tents , sheltering from their past , their future and their reality all the same .
Having seen enough of this sorry sight we decided to leave Islamabad and instead to take up Huub 's ( the Dutch NGO ) offer the following morning and went for a spin with his driver to take a nose around Rawalpindi , an age old city and therefore more pleasing to the eye with stories to tell .
What began as a whistle - stop tour ended up as a nine hour ordeal locked up in a police station .
We had been buzzing around the choked-up , chaotic city full of dust trying to wonder at the colonial architecture with all its intricate metal and woodwork while avoiding being run over and blocking out the noise and distractions of the city  an impossible task .
We were beginning to make our way back to the car when Huub suddenly pointed out the ' Grand Trunk Road ' plaque , telling us this road , when under British rule , linked up many of the major cities between Afghanistan and Burma , and was made famous by Kipling .
Taking a snapshot through the heavy fuming traffic , suddenly someone yelled at me through the oppressive din : ' Put your camera away - quickly !
' I looked up to see an officer in a military truck .
He looked excited .
Annoyed , confused , I nevertheless did as he bid and relented , putting the camera away , guided more by his desperation than words .
I watched him drive past , then went to join Christian on the other side .
As I turned , I arrived just in time to see four men approaching him from different directions  two civvies , two military - quickly surrounding him .
They apprehended his camera , not saying a word , then told him to stay put .
Seeing he was in trouble , I moved in to join him and tell them there 's a mistake .
I did n't get far . Neither did Huub .
From behind us came another two armed men , bidding us to join them .
Minutes later we were bundled into the back of of a truck and being driven down a dusty back street .
We came to a stop outside a set of metal gates where we were told to get out before being escorted to a small building with a single room and a worn out desk that looked like it was never used for the purpose it was intended with too many chips and boot marks .
Our bags were put on it one by one and for next hour they went through each of ours meticulously as each item was brought out and carefully noted down on paper .
It was monotonus .
One pen , Bic , blue ink ;
one nikon d40x with lens attached - 18-105 containing polarising filter .
Four coins consisting off  .
One tissue  you get the picture .
All this time we were firing back questions at them asking what was going on , why were we here and on what grounds .
All too angry at our time being taken up rather than frightened at where fate was taking us - innocence being our faith .
Our questions seemed to fall on deaf ears before seemingly hitting a mirror as they came bounding back at us , again and again and again .
No less than six times did this happen and every time the questions were the most mundane :
Who are you ?
Which hotel ?
What you doing in Pakistan . Why ?
Where you come from ?
What were you doing here ?
Where are your passports ?
This last issue made things much worse as we were without them since they were needed by the Indian Embassy .
This trial was made much worse by the company we had since they spoke poor English , frustrating us further , effectively leaving us in limbo , never telling us what was being done or why we were here in the first place .
They even refused Huub to make a phone call to cancel the appointment he was on his way to , and another to his embassy  he knew the number by heart , a lesson to be learnt .
As the hours went by , they would laugh to themselves while looking at us , mockingly .
This lack of respect went to make the trial all the more poignant .
I mean , call me English but to be stuffed inside a back office for four hours without so much as a cup of tea !
I thought every country , institution , person in the world had adopted the premise ' :
innocent until proven guilty ' not vice-versa ,
and especially in Muslim countries where I had learned and marvelled at how overly welcome to strangers they were , as it 's embedded in the koran , their culture .
Somewhere in this darkness , in the fourth hour , the door opened spreading some light , as at last we had the company of one of their chiefs who spoke good english and was educated .
He ordered tea for us , then split us , taking us aside , one by one , to a separate room where he interviewed us all over again .
Halfway through , he at last conceded they had made a mistake and proceeded to tell us how this happened and why .
They were on edge , and understandably .
Apparently , the plaque we had taken an interest in turned out to be within the shadow of the most secure military base in the country , which also happened to be breached less than a year ago by a pair of suicide bombers who succeeded in killing a dozen soldiers .
Even accounting for this , I could n't help but ponder if I were a suicide bomber , would I be stupid enough to do what we 'd done to gather information , especially when it would have been easier to go to the nearest internet caf and google - earth it !
There again , they probably would n't know about google-earth , would they .
Then I put myself in the guard 's position .
Would I suspect three Caucasian men dressed as tourists of being suicide bombers 
That adage I 'd mentioned earlier about Pakistan not knowing who to turn to , who to trust , appears to have gone one further  not even willing to trust your own judgement , let alone anothers .
When Christian 's turn was over , the officer left to follow up his leads .
We sat more comfortable now - knowing where you are makes all the difference .
Or that was until one of the guards kept picking on Christian , calling him ' my selfish friend ' for , of all things , he had eaten too many of the biscuits and left none .
Well , he did , though I would n't have been so harsh .
An hour later , the officer returned telling us we were free  free apparently to make a mandatory visit to a police station in Rawalpindi , where we would have to make statements .
It was dark by the time we exited the compound , not that we saw much of the outside world as we had been forced to put blankets over our heads  which for me , sent a chill down my spine , making it the most frightening part of the entire trip so far 
my reason and nerves clashed and as always , nerves win .
We had them over our heads all the way until reaching the police station .
We were told this was to hide our faces so as not be seen by the outside world and targeted !
We remained at the police station a further three long hours going over all that we had already gone over a dozen times already and it was well after ten pm by the time we left , making the whole ordeal nearly nine hours long .
What a day !
Ferrari Marlboro is already hard at work at the Sepang circuit , outside the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur , preparing for the third round of the world championship , which it currently leads in both the Drivers ' and Constructors ' categories .
" We are happy with the Melbourne result , even if , on Sunday morning , we might have expected a slightly better one " ,
said Stefano Domenicali .
" Considering what happened in the race , we can be pleased with finishing third and fourth ,
partly because our closest rivals either failed to score , or at least did not pick up many points .
We are surely not the only ones to be pleased with the afternoon 's work in Albert Park :
F1 fans the world over can tell themselves they watched a truly spectacular motor race and those who made such a fuss about Bahrain being dull , should now think again .
I have always maintained it is impossible to draw conclusions about the state of our sport after just one Grand Prix ,
but that does not mean we should now claim that Formula 1 has returned to some sort of golden age , if indeed there ever was one " !
A new driver pairing always takes time to break in ,
but in Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso , the Scuderia seems to already have a strong partnership :
the Brazilian had a difficult weekend throughout ,
but he made the best of it , getting a very good start , before adopting a sensibly cautious approach when dealing with a lack of grip .
As for the Spaniard , he drove a truly fantastic race , demonstrating not only his skill in going from last to fourth , after his first lap spin , but also the fact that he knows how to be a team player .
" Back - to - backs " , the term applied to Grands Prix on consecutive weekends present a tough logistical challenge , which all the teams undertake in conjunction with FOM , ( Formula One Management ) who are responsible for shipping cars and equipment from one race to the next .
Late on Sunday night in Albert Park , the entire team set about re-preparing the two race cars and packing everything into containers .
" Once packed , all the containers are positioned in the pit lane , from where trucks take everything to the airport " ,
explains Massimo Balocchi , the team 's head of logistics .
" We provide all the Customs documentation and FOM does the rest . "
Then , in Sepang , the reverse process takes place with the equipment delivered from Kuala Lumpur airport , ready for the team to start work on Tuesday .
Not all the material we use goes by air .
In order to save time and money , at the start of the year , in January , we send four separate container loads to Bahrain , Australia , Malaysia and China .
These contain much of the infrastructure we need to use , but not the technical equipment or car parts .
These containers then return by sea to Europe , where they are repacked and then dispatched again to the last races of the season .
" Balocchi is also in charge of all personnel movements for a team of around 65 people - the 45 permitted to actually work on the cars and the additional press , marketing and Paddock Club staff . "
" This will be the twelfth edition of the Malaysian Grand Prix and when the circuit was first used in 1999 , it was absolutely state-of-the-art and is still one of the best facilities on the calendar .
Ferrari 's Malaysian adventure got off to a good start , with a trio of wins ;
Eddie Irvine being first past the flag in the inaugural 1999 event , followed by two victories for Michael Schumacher over the next two years .
The German won again in 2004 and Kimi Raikkonen was victorious in 2008 .
Current driver Fernando Alonso rates the Sepang circuit as one of his all time favourites
and the Spaniard stood on the top step of the podium in 2005 with Renault and in 2007 for McLaren .
Sepang provides a challenging track , with the added difficulties of coping with very hot conditions and extreme humidity , two factors which can have a debilitating effect on both car and driver .
With that in mind , the F10s will have some further updates aimed at dealing with the unique characteristics of this event .
Last year 's race started at five in the afternoon , to better suit global TV viewers ,
however , fairly predictably this meant the inevitable tropical storm disrupted the event , with it being stopped after just 31 of the scheduled 56 laps , so that only half points were awarded , as required by the regulations .
Therefore , Sunday 's race start has been brought forward by one hour :
whether this will be enough to miss the storm is another matter , even if , after Melbourne , the viewing public would appreciate the added spice of a wet track .
I think there are really only two good reasons for having a significant amount of money :
To maintain a high standard of living and to ensure your personal freedom .
There are other , lesser reasons , of course , including :
to prove you can do it , to compensate for failings in other things , to impress others , to leave a legacy , to help perpetuate your genes , or maybe because you just can't think of something better to do with your time .
But I'll put aside those lesser motives , which I tend to view as psychological foibles .
Basically , money gives you the freedom to do what you'd like  and when , how and with whom you prefer to do it .
Money allows you to have things and do things and can even assist you to be something you want to be .
Unfortunately , money is a chimera in today's world and will wind up savaging billions in the years to come .
As you know , I believe we're into at least the fourth year of what I call The Greater Depression .
A lot of people believe we're in a recovery now ; I think , from a long-term point of view , that is total nonsense .
We're just in the eye of the hurricane and will soon be moving into the other side of the storm .
But it will be far more severe than what we saw in 2008 and 2009 and will last quite a while  perhaps for many years , depending on how stupidly the government acts .
Real Reasons for Optimism There are reasons for optimism , of course , and at least two of them make sense .
The first is that every individual wants to improve his economic status .
Many ( but by no means all ) of them will intuit that the surest way to do so is to produce more than they consume and save the difference .
That creates capital , which can be invested in or loaned to productive enterprise .
But what if outside forces make that impossible , or at least much harder than it should be ?
The second reason for optimism is the development of technology  which is the ability to manipulate the material world to suit our desires .
Scientists and engineers develop technology , and that also adds to the supply of capital .
The more complex technology becomes , the more outside capital is required .
But what if sufficient capital isn't generated by individuals and businesses to fund further technological advances ?
There are no guarantees in life .
Throughout the first several hundred thousand years of human existence , very little capital was accumulated  perhaps a few skins or arrowheads passed on to the next generation .
And there was very little improvement in technology  it was many millennia between the taming of fire and , say , the invention of the bow .
Things very gradually accelerated and improved , in a start-stop-start kind of way  the classical world , followed by the Dark Ages , followed by the medieval world .
Finally , as we entered the industrial world 200 years ago , it looked like we were on an accelerating path to the stars .
All of a sudden , life was no longer necessarily so solitary , poor , nasty , brutish or short .
I'm reasonably confident things will continue improving , possibly at an accelerating rate .
But only if individuals create more capital than they consume and if enough of that capital is directed towards productive technology .
Real Reasons for Pessimism Those are the two mainsprings of human progress :
capital accumulation and technology .
Unfortunately , however , that reality has become obscured by a morass of false and destructive theories , abetted by a world that's become so complex that it's too difficult for most people to sort out cause and effect .
Furthermore , most people in the OECD world have become so accustomed to good times , since the end of WW2 , that they think prosperity is automatic and a permanent feature of the cosmic firmament .
So although I'm very optimistic , progress  certainly over the near term  isn't guaranteed .
These are the main reasons why the standard of living has been artificially high in the advanced world , but don't confuse them with the two reasons for long-term prosperity .
The first is debt .
There's nothing wrong with debt in itself ;
lending is one way for the owner of capital to deploy it .
But if a society is going to advance , debt should be largely for productive purposes , so that it's self-liquidating ;
and most of it would necessarily be short term .
But most of the scores of trillions of debt in the world today are for consumption , not production .
And the debt is not only not self-liquidating , it's compounding .
And most of it is long term , with no relation to any specific asset .
A lender can reasonably predict the value of a short-term loan , but debt payable in 30 years is impossible to value realistically .
All government debt , mortgage debt and consumer debt and almost all student loan debt does nothing but allow borrowers to live off the capital others have accumulated .
It turns the debtors into indentured servants for the indefinite future .
The entire world has basically overlooked this , along with most other tenets of sound economics .
The second is inflation .
Like debt , inflation induces people to live above their means , but its consequences are even worse , because they're indirect and delayed .
If the central bank deposited $ 10,000 in everyone's bank account next Monday , everyone would think he were wealthier and start consuming more .
This would start a business cycle .
The business cycle is always the result of currency inflation , no matter how subtle or mild .
And it always results in a depression .
The longer an inflation goes on , the more ingrained the distortions and misallocations of capital become , and the worse the resulting depression .
We've had a number of inflationary cycles since the end of the last depression in 1948 .
I believe we're now at the end of what might be called a super-cycle , resulting in a super-depression .
The third is the export of dollars .
This is unique to the US and is the reason the depression in the US will in some ways be worse than most other places .
Since the early 70s , the dollar has been used the way gold once was  it's the world's currency .
The problem is that the US has exported about $ 7 trillion in exchange for good things from around the world .
It was a great trade for a while .
The foreigners get paper created at essentially zero cost , while Americans live high on the hog with the goodies those dollars buy .
But at some point quite soon , dollars won't be readily accepted , and smart foreigners will start dumping their dollars , passing the Old Maid card .
Ultimately , most of the dollars will come back to the US , to be traded for the title to land and businesses .
Americans will find that they traded their birth right for a storage unit full of TVs and assorted tchotchkes .
But many foreigners will also be stuck with dollars and suffer a huge loss .
It's actually a game with no winner .
What's Next These last three factors have enabled essentially the whole world to live above its means for decades .
The process has been actively facilitated by governments everywhere .
People like living above their means , and governments prefer to see the masses sated .
The debt and inflation have also financed the growth of the welfare state , making a large percentage of the masses dependent ,
even while they've also resulted in an immense expansion in the size and power of the state over the last 60-odd years .
The masses have come to think government is a magical entity that can do almost anything , including kiss the economy and make it better when the going gets tough .
The type of people who are drawn to the government are eager to make the state a panacea .
So they'll redouble their efforts in the fiscal and monetary areas I've described above , albeit with increasingly disastrous results .
They'll also become quite aggressive with regulations ( on what you can do and say , and where your money can go ) and taxes ( much higher existing taxes and lots of new ones , like a national VAT and a wealth tax . )
And since nobody wants to take the blame for problems , they'll blame things on foreigners .
Fortunately ( the US will think ) they have a huge military and will employ it promiscuously .
So the already bankrupt nations of NATO will dig the hole deeper with some serious  but distracting  new wars .
It's most unfortunate , but the US and its allies will turn into authoritarian police states .
Even more than they are today .
Much more , actually .
They'll all be perfectly fascist  private ownership of both consumer goods and the means of production topped by state control of both .
Fascism operates free of underlying principles or philosophy ; it's totally the whim of the people in control , and they'll prove ever more ruthless .
So where does that leave us , as far as accumulating more wealth than the average guy is concerned ?
I'd say it puts us in a rather troubling position .
The general standard of living is going to collapse , as will your personal freedom .
And if you're an upper-middle-class person ( I suspect that includes most who are now reading this , ) you will be considered among the rich who are somehow ( this is actually a complex subject worthy of discussion ) responsible for the bad times and therefore liable to be eaten .
The bottom line is that if you value your money and your freedom , you'll take action .
There's much , much more to be said on all this .
I've said a lot on the topic over the past few years , at some length .
But I thought it best to be brief here , for the purpose of emphasis .
Essentially , act now , because the world's combined economic , financial , political , social and military situation is as good as it will be for many years ..
and a lot better than it has any right to be .
What to Do ?
No new advice here , at least as far as veteran readers are concerned .
But my suspicion is that very few of you have acted , even if you understand why you should act .
Peer pressure ( I'm confident that you have few , if any , friends , relatives or associates who think along these lines ) and inertia are powerful forces .
That said , you should do the following .
There's every advantage to doing so , and no disadvantages .
That's true of all these things .
One more thing :
Don't worry too much .
All countries seem to go through nasty phases .
Within the lifetime of most people today , we've seen it in big countries such as Russia , Germany and China . And in scores of smaller ones  the list is too long to recount here .
The good news is that things almost always get better , eventually .
A Simple and Fast Guide to Patience for Impatient People
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble .
You probably know those situations when you stand in line in a grocery store and there is a person ( usually an old lady ) in front of you who buys a ton of things and then gets about 100 coupons out of her pocket book .
The girl ( or a guy ) at the cash register has to manually type in each of these coupon codes , figure out why about half of them do not work and explain to the lady why her bill is 10 cents higher than what she thought it would be .
Oh , and don't forget that she wants to write a check to pay for her groceries but she can't find her glasses so you spend another 10 minutes standing in line and thinking of all possible torture that she deserves .
Before you know it ( actually you do know it because you look at the clock about every 2 seconds ) you have wasted 20 minutes of your valuable time and now you are late , angry and infuriated .
Even the most patient people in the world would probably lose it in situations like this one .
There are many more situations in our lives that require profound patience and I know it probably better than anybody else .
Last year was nothing but a test of patience for me and my husband .
Besides from raising two toddlers ( a task that requires enormous amounts of patience , ) we were waiting for an answer about the house that we'd put a bid on .
We were ready to move on with our lives but we were stuck living with my in-laws and not knowing what future held for us .
It wasn't until 2010 that we finally got the house ( actually the house that we bought is not the one that we'd placed a bid on ) .
I am very grateful for everything that happened in 2009 because it taught me the most important skill of all  PATIENCE .
There is more than one reason why you need patience . Of course you do not want to get mad in situations like the one I've described above or when you are stuck in traffic .
You also want to take the most of your life and not spend all your time being frustrated and mad at situations that you cannot change .
You also want to see results from your endeavors whether it is starting a new business , a blog or losing weight .
Patience is a skill that will pay off greatly because you will be able to find balance , happiness and success in your life .
Our world is fast-paced and time is one of our most valuable resources .
However , the next time that you want to see things going faster remember that the only fast thing in our life is failing because of an impatient decision .
Climbing to the top always requires time and a lot of patience .
If you are ready to change yourself and learn patience then look through these tips that I have learned while looking for life balance :
Identify your triggers .
This is simple . Just find out when you get impatient so that you are ready for action .
It's like solving a mathematical word problem .
Before you can come up with an equation and an answer you must know your data .
Some people get impatient in traffic and lines and others are impatient with kids .
Some might give up any new venture if it does not bring results within a few days ( of course the guilty party will be a business partner or circumstances ) and others will get mad every time that their request is not immediately fulfilled
( the husband does not take trash out within 5 seconds and the kids do not clean their room in 10 minutes ) .
Become mindful .
We are often impatient because we constantly think about the future instead of living in the present .
If you become mindful of every moment of your life then you will be able to appreciate each of these moments .
It does not matter whether you are standing in line or relaxing on the beach , just remember that your life is precious and you can't waste it by getting mad .
Fill your time .
Try to think of things that you can do while waiting .
Do not concentrate on the fact that you are late or that you are bored and you want everything to be fast .
Stretch out while you are in a traffic jam ( as always , here is a great video from Yogatic  Yoga in the Car ) and think of the most pleasant moments of your life while you are standing in line .
Plan what you are going to fix for supper or think of a new post idea ( apparently , this is something that I do a lot ) while you are waiting for somebody who is late or just fly away into you own dreamland .
We get mad because we feel that our time is wasted but if you find something important to do then you won't even notice how the time flies .
Here is a simple yet powerful exercise to train your patience .
Exercise your patience .
Sit still for 10 minutes or more without doing anything .
It is much harder than it seems at first because you will notice how impatient you will get after about a minute .
You can also walk as slow as you possibly can to your car in the parking lot or try to eat your lunch at a much slower pace than usual ,
( this can actually help you lose some weight too if this is one of your goals ) .
Meditate .
Try it as often as you can .
Slow down .
Most of us have very busy and fast-paced lives and we get impatient when the world is not moving at our speed .
What if you are too fast for this world ?
Eliminate some of the unnecessary activities from your schedule , reset your goals and priorities and generally relax about life .
Practice slow activities .
The first time I tried Pilates I hated it because it seemed too slow and boring for me
( I was used to kick-boxing , step and dancing ) .
However , as I continued exercising I noticed that my concentration and patience is general improved and now I can't imagine my life without Pilates and Yoga .
( I personally can't stand fishing though . It's too boring for me but tastes differ ) .
Apart from Body and Mind exercises you can also try slow activities like knitting , playing chess , painting , gardening or fishing
Learn to appreciate the process of waiting and the result that you get in the end .
Depending on your spiritual beliefs you can choose to ask for patience .
I can tell you that last year I was asking for patience a lot and I think that my prayers were heard because I got through the year without any nervous breakdowns .
I also got everything I was patiently waiting for and I am extremely happy about it .
Get a slow pet .
You can always get a turtle and watch it every night and admire its patient way of life .
I am sure that watching a turtle or a snail can put you in a very meditative state of mind and you will be able to learn the power of patience .
Play games that develop patience .
How about playing a Solitaire ?
Here is The Complete Book of Solitaire and Patience Games .
Some other games that develop patience are different types of crossword puzzles .
Count till 10 or 100 .
This tip is super easy and works every time .
When you get mad and impatient in any situation just leave the room or just close your eyes and count till 10 , 100 ( somebody might even need a 1000 )
Breathe .
As always there is nothing better than the simple and pure power of breathing .
Take a deep breath in and breathe out , once again .
Now imagine that the tension in your entire body melts away and you are flowing softly in the stream of serenity .
Continue breathing deeply .
In and out , in and out .
You can close your eyes and imagine that you are on the edge of the most amazing waterfall that carries away your impatience and tension and fills you with serenity , calmness and patience .
Do you need some patience in your life ?
Please tell me if any of these tips were helpful for you and if you have any of your own secrets that help you practice patience .
Keep it balanced and patient !
Fabian Frank wrote :
One can only hope that the Chinese leadership sees it the same way .
I agree that not allowing Chinese enterprises into the world market could be interpreted as a weakness in capitalism ,
but without a democratic political system to balance its growing economic weight , can we trust the Chinese to play by the rules
and to compete on equal terms ?
How can we be sure that a state owned manufacturer in China pays its debt to a state bank
or the full price on electricity to a state owned electric company ?
ReaganLogan wrote :
I disagree with the authors belief that our companies have to sell out to the Chinese to be able to access their market and grow .
General Motors is a great example and so is VW on how they can be done with out selling out completely to them .
Besides , a company can still do extremely well without entering the Chinese market .
South America , the rest of Pacific Rim , Middle East , Eastern Asia , Western Europe , Russia &amp; Africa are great regions for phenomenal growth over the coming decades ..
Jeremy Wong Fischer wrote
Dear Economist :
This is easily the most open-minded and refreshing piece on a China-related topic that I have seen written by you in about a century .
I sat around here waiting for the baiting , fear-mongering , slander , communist-bashing and irresponsible journalism and all I found was positive advocacy for increased integration between Chinese companies and the rest of the world .
Kudos .
I can see a glimmer of hope in this newsmagazine .
ArchmageXin wrote :
can we trust the Chinese to play by the rules
and to compete on equal terms ?
How can we be sure that a state owned manufacturer in China pays its debt to a state bank
or the full price on electricity to a state owned electric company ? ==
With equal confidence as Fed's relationship with American bailed out Banks . - Archmage , Communist . muggeridge wrote :
Reaganlogan ..
GM was bankrupted due to health costs and pension liabilities .
The US government rescued it with 50 billion dollars of TARP .
OBAMA gets no credit .
American politicians can't read as MAYOR BLOOMBERG has noted in passing .
Now SAIC wishes to take a stake in GM and use it as a plank for global expansion .
That move is all very well if the world was ready for another car manufacturer .
There is something about cars that makes people reach for the sky .
We need less car manufacturers .
VOLVO under Geely of China may work to some extent although FORD is still a part of that equation providing technical input and licenses .
We need CHINA as a key consumer market growing richer .
CHINA has become a giant due to massive investments by APPLE IBM CATERPILLAR HP ETAL .
CHINA is the core of global growth as America stumbles with a failed financial system .
Hedge funds dont help ; playing dice .
Additionally if KOREA keeps up its industrial momemtum there is every chance one or more car mfg companies will fail .
In fact China needs to export less .
Otherwise America will be dishing out more insults ..
and trade wars Orion Burma wrote :
Here's my pet peeve about Western media 's depiction of China :
Another piece from Economist rallying behind the motto of " open everything " .
please stop calling China a communist country .
China is CINO ( no pun intended ) " Communist in Name Only " !
Japan and Scandinavian countries are probably more " communist " than China actually is .
I thought you were impartial wrote :
There are all sorts of questions about the health fitness of the Chinese economy conflicting reports in multiple news outlets .
I am not convinced by this article it is just opinion there is no fact in this article -
but then again it is the Economist there almost never is .. it is usually just opinion .
dbmetzger wrote :
The currency spat between the US and China is expected to be a major issue at the G-20 summit in Seoul on Thursday .
The US says China is artificially undervaluing its currency to boost exports .
But China 's traders believe the accusation is unfair .
fei yen wrote :
The management style here in China will never succeed if applied to foreigners subordinates .
Heck , even foreign management styles do not work here in China !
It 's going to be interesting to see how all this works out .
Also , the people in charge of the businesses that used to be state-owned are just AWFUL at doing business .
For instance , I 've seen steel companies and construction companies trying to do business in other sectors other than their own fail miserably .
It's going to take a long long time for capitalism to work its magic in China since there are just too many people here who don't know what is good quality so bad business models will be around for a long long time .
reggierocksonrocks wrote :
The question with China is always the same , will they play by the rules ?
As big as China is and projected to become , naturally they should be able make acquisition of foreign firms .
Ohio wrote :
The normal anti-monopoly fears should be raised when a large existing firm wishes to purchase further market share ,
but I fail to see how the fact that the corporations governance is strongly influenced by the CPC makes a difference .
The laws that govern the coporation's operations do not change because a CPC controlled company has bought it .
Yes , the CPC controlled company could engage in practices which favor other CPC controlled companies , but this applies to many other corporations without government ties .
To have only Chinese companies mining rare earth materials is a worry , and a potential problem , because of their monopoly power , i.e. the lack of an alternate supplier .
As long as we have alternative suppliers , no monopoly , the world should be safe from the CPC .
The only exception that I think we need to make for China is that , for anti-monopoly purposes , all Chinese corporations must be considered as one player in the market .
If there are 5 chinese corporations who own 75 % of a market , it is reasonable to stop a 6th from purchasing a non-chinese company that will raise that stake .
Given the control exerted by the CPC over corporate governance of its largest corporations , it is fair to assume that the Chinese government could , in a crisis , choose to cause those 5 corporations to act as one player , and as such hold a near monopoly .
Beyond that , China investing in the outside world is a good thing .
I think the level of xenophobia in Japan and the US/Europe decreased after Japan invested heavily in the 1980s , amidst much fear and recrimination .
It was good for all sides , and eventually we all learned to work together .
The same will be true for Chinese companies .
Let's remember .
The Chinese government holds enormous potential power by being the power behind the throne at most large Chinese corporations .
The Chinese government can't afford to playing geopolitical games with its corporations if that causes them to lag in growth and profitability .
The worst that the Chinese government has been guilty of up to now is mercantilism -- favoring the owners of production over the consumers and workers ( most of them Chinese . )
That flawed policy has been practiced by many non-Chinese governments over the years , and it wasn't a good reason to stifle capital investment then .
It shouldn't be now .
phani9 wrote :
Now , WHAT IS THE TRUE VALUE OF CHINESE CURRENCY ?
Until the currency corrections are done , they will go on buying spree using the edge they got in terms of their currency valuation . @
Economist :
" To reject China's advances would thus be a disservice to future generations , as well as a deeply pessimistic statement about capitalism's confidence in itself " .
Deeply pessimistic , are we ?
Bubble , the last 30 years have proved beyond a shadow of doubt that the neoliberal mania of unregulated Capitalism and freetrade has directly lead to the ' hollowing out ' of the West .
Simply said , the West has lost mojo while China et al have acquired it .
The West has * lost * more and more influence and clout , while the average Westerner is today a lot worse off than he was 30 years ago .
The only benefits were cheap consumer goods &amp; credits .
But tell me , Economist , what would you prefer :
A good , solid job and &amp; realistic prices
* OR * dirt cheap prices for shoddy goods ( built on the back of mass exploitation of millions of ( Chinese ) workers ) and no job ?
Wake up , brothers .
Globalisation has * FAILED . *
Neoliberalism has * FAILED . *
Anglosaxon Casino-Capitalism has * FAILED . *
It s time for something new .
tp1024 wrote :
The difference between the USA and China owning a significant part of the worlds assets is a very simple one :
China deserves it .
The USA has 300 million people , China has 1300 million people - there's nothing wrong with China owning 4 times as many assets as the USA .
So , how bad will it be ?
Well , not quite as bad as the fearmongerers would have it .
Extrapolating from the current state of the world to the future has to take into account
that China is in very special circumstances , as it is trying to build the infrastructure of the largest developed country the world has ever seen * from scratch . *
This is necessarily a resource-intensive process and it is one that will only be repeated once on that scale : by India .
You wanted to bring wealth and happiness to the world - you did so on a massive scale ( compared to the last couple of centuries anyway . )
Now , deal with it .
Huyu wrote :
For those commenters with well meanings , thank you .
But the fear-mongering of the Economist has no bounds .
China is buying resources because it has to and it uses it to enrich its people 's living standards .
The African continent , which was exploited and stripped bare by the British " turkey shooting " over a century , is benefiting from both Chinese investment and higher commodity prices .
Nevertheless what matters is for the Chinese to just get their internal house in order , for example , to raise their current pathetic $ 3,800 US annual income to a much higher number ( compare that with a more desirable $ 38,000 US some others are getting , ) and not be disturbed by childish chest-thumping .
What matters at the end is people 's well-being .
A $ 1,000 US " democracy " is qualitatively different from that of a $ 38,000 one , or even $ 12,000 one .
Examples abound such as mass killing of Muslims , office trashing of dalits , strip-torturing 8 year old boys and dumping the body into the sewer , " employing " barely clothed 7 year old construction workers , closely watched 15 year old construction contractor with the boss staring bright-eyed 2 steps away while enjoying himself .
And why do you assume that the Chinese will never do a carpet-pulling under you mischievous bunch by designing an effective election when the national income is a lot higher than today .
It is all about the average income that counts !
Vedaland wrote :
Fear shrinks awareness , calmness expands .
Best protection is peace of mind , it sees far and does the necessary .
Quie wrote :
Dear China , But what about your income gap ?
Simon K . wrote :
Sincerely , Everyone Else .
In reality , today 's world is an American economic empire .
Out of 1000 top global companies , more than 600 are American companies .
When you go to China , you see American brands everywhere .
Inside the factory walls , Chinese workers are working day and night and get an insignificant amount of wages barely enough to survive , let alone send their kids to school .
American companies channel billions of dollars back to the United States from every corner of the world .
China is nothing but a geat playground for multinationals .
Some Chinese compnaies that too in raw materials extraction try to come the western market but there are huge barriers .
China cannot erect the same barriers to the western countries because China does not have technology of its own .
China's hand is always down .
What world buying up by China we are talking about ?
How many US companies are in China ?
Does anyone has reliable data ?
How many Chinese companies are in the US ?
If you look at the figure then you will know who is buying up whom .
Nowadays , the west looks more like a communist in terms of economic policy .
Comrade Obama is proposing a plan in which the central government of a country should decide the volume of exports and imports .
Exchange of goods and services , in economics , should be determined by the market forces not by a government decree .
Its is very difficult to understand Obamanomics .
Some in China may think that it is time to go outward .
But what do they have to offer to the outside world except cheap capital ?
Nothing .
On top of that , it is too early for China to go outward .
China has millions of domestic problems to solve .
For example , eighty percent of China's rivers and lakes are drying up .
Sixty percent of the water in seven major river systems is unsuitable for human contact .
A third of the land is contaminated by acid rain .
Two-thirds of the grassland have become desertified , and most of the forest is gone .
Forty percent of the arable land has been degraded by fertilizers and pesticides .
Of the world's 20 most polluted cities , 16 are in China .
My picture of China and that of Econonist is quite different .
here is the contrast .
tocharian wrote :
Deng's famous quote about the colour of the cat can be interpreted in the following way :
In order for China to become a " superpower " it has to go through an economic and technological " Great Leap Forward . "
Deng wanted technology transfer from the West .
Russian communism wasn't really helping the Chinese economy too much !
Well , in the 90's , many people in the West ( especially CEO's and Wall Street guys in the US ) are so naive ( or perhaps they were just out-smarting themselves ) ? that they thought they can make a " quick buck " out of the huge Chinese market and labour force ,
but look , who's got all the cash now ?
China !
That's actually not even the main thing for China .
What they really wanted was technology transfer and they got it big time ( through offering cheap labour . )
Perhaps they would have gotten that ( by hook or by crook ) someday anyway , but the faulty economic and political decisions made in the West expedited those Chinese goals .
China is a big and ambitious dragon and we will have to wait and see what the economic , political and environmental effects will be , of this immense amount of cash and technology transfer for the rest of the world .
After giving away valuable and fundamental know-how and technology for short term gains ( for little nano-blips in the stock market , ) it is hard for the capitalists in the West to complain that the Chinese are now capable of cloning ( or reverse-engineering as the Chinese would call it ) any high-tech product , including weapons , from the West .
On top of that they got a lot of cash .
A double whammy ( or doubly shellacked ? lol . )
Matt Andersson wrote :
Western perception of China , and interaction with its industries , are fairly naive .
There is a considerable difference between China , Chinese companies and the Chinese , yet they all operate as a singular state vehicle .
The Chinese laborer is largely an effective slave ;
his wage rates and total costs are so discounted to Western total labor cost that it forms the central basis for China's ability to undersell and penetrate markets with export substitution ( even net transportation . )
As for Chinese companies , they are not analogues to US or EU ones ;
they do not have similar governance , capital structure , incorporation and by-laws or regulatory conformity demands , amoung other obligations .
Western consumers do not refer to Chinese companies or Chinese brands because they are effectively none :
they are subsumed under " China " because that 's exactly how the country operates :
it is a sovereign conglomerate .
If one names Germany , we might cite VW , Mercedes , Lufthansa or Deutsche Bank ;
if France , LVMH , Hermes , Air France or Dassault ;
if the US , Ford , Boeing , Microsoft , Intel , Dell , Caterpillar , Citi Bank or Harvard .
We would also respond with dozens of names of businessmen , celebrities , politicians , investors , even families .
If one cites China , it generates one response :
" China " .
China may have disaggregated industrial players , but they are part of a monolithic sovereign whole .
In the meantime , China is very vulnerable to leverage and exploitation by western firms , if they can see through the illusion of power .
10 Tips For Spiritual Growth Spiritual growth is the process of inner awakening , and becoming conscious our inner being .
It means the rising of the consciousness beyond the ordinary existence , and awakening to some Universal truths .
It means going beyond the mind and the ego and realizing who you really are .
Spiritual growth is a process of shedding our wrong and unreal conceptions , thoughts , beliefs and ideas , and becoming more and more conscious and aware of our inner being .
This process uncovers the inner spirit that is always present , but hidden beyond the ego-personality .
Spiritual growth is of great importance for everyone , not only for people who seek spiritual enlightenment and choose to live in far away or secluded places .
Spiritual growth is the basis for a better and more harmonious life for everyone , a life free of tension , fear and anxiety .
By discovering who we really are we take a different approach to life .
We learn not to let outer circumstances influence our inner being and state of mind .
We manifest composure and detachment , and we develop inner power and strength , all of which are very useful and important tools .
Spiritual growth is not a means for escaping from responsibilities , behaving strangely and becoming an impractical person . It is a method of growing and becoming a stronger , happier and more responsible person .
You can walk on the path of spiritual growth , and at the same time live the same kind of life as everyone else .
You do not have to live a secluded life in some far away place .
You can raise a family , work or run a business , and yet at the same time engage in practices that lead to inner growth .
A balanced life requires that we take care not only of the necessities of the body , feelings and mind , but also of the spirit , and this is the role of spiritual growth . 10 tips for spiritual growth :
1 .
Read spiritual and uplifting books .
Think about what you read , and find out how you can use the information in your life .
2 .
Meditate for at least 15 minutes every day .
If you do not know how to meditate , it is easy to find books , websites or teachers who can teach you meditation .
3 .
Learn to make your mind quiet through concentration exercises and meditation .
4 .
Acknowledge the fact that you are a spirit with a physical body , not a physical body with a spirit .
If you can really accept this idea , it will change your attitude towards many things in your life .
5 .
Look often into yourself and into your mind , and try to find out what is it that makes you feel conscious and alive .
6 .
Think positive .
If you find yourself thinking negatively , immediately switch to thinking positively .
Be in control of what enters your mind .
Open the door for the positive and close it for the negative .
7 .
Develop the happiness habit , by always looking at the bright side of life and endeavoring to be happy .
Happiness comes from within .
Do not let your outer circumstances decide your happiness for you .
8 .
Exercise often your will power and decision making ability .
This strengthens you and gives you control over your mind .
9 .
Thank the Universe for everything that you get . 10 .
Develop tolerance , patience , tact and consideration for others .
Spiritual growth is the birthright of everyone .
It is the key to a life of happiness and peace of mind , and the manifesting the enormous power of the inner spirit .
This spirit is equally present within the most material person , and within the most spiritual person .
The level of the manifestation of spirituality is dependent on how much the inner spirit is close to the surface , and on how much it is covered and hidden , by thoughts , beliefs and negative habits .
The weekend is upon us again and I hope the sun is shining wherever you are in the world .
But before I start my weekend I 'd like to quickly share with you one small habit that makes my life so much better .
The habit is simply to mix things up . To do things that does not feel " like you . "
It could be in small ways or sometimes bigger ones .
Some examples :
On your way to work or school listen to music you haven't listened to on your iPod or other music player yet . Get new impressions and favorite songs .
If you usually eat the cow when out , try the lamb or go for the vegetarian dish .
Or order something odd or something that seems slightly scary from the menu .
Cook one meal you have never cooked before each week .
Watch a documentary ( Man on Wire is a good one ) or a romantic movie ( I recommend Before Sunrise and Before Sunset ) if you usually go for action or comedies .
If you usually never back down from an argument or fight , choose to just walk away instead and avoid escalating the situation .
Smile towards everyone for a day .
Unplug from the internet for a weekend .
Hide a note for a loved one .
Try hiding a sweet note of affection for a partner , family member or a friend in his or her cookie jar , tea or coffee container , book on the nightstand , hat , shoes or somewhere else where they look each day .
Make him or her happy in an unexpected and odd way .
Why mix things up ?
Why go to that trouble instead of just doing what you usually do ?
Because it makes life more fun .
Because there is so much out there to discover that could become a new and wonderful part of your life .
Because it naturally keeps you a step or two outside your comfort zone each week so that when you have to take bigger leaps outside of that zone then that becomes easier .
And because it makes you feel alive .
Have a wonderful weekend !
Henrik
Some Ukrainian factory uses an advanced ad techniques to sell their industrial class goods !
They actually win !
Testing equipment ad Gas cylinders ad Lung ventilators Personal Protection Devices Oxygen self-rescuers Breathing apparatuses
What 's Worse Than Homelessness ?
Gay Foster Parents ,
Apparently by Michael A . Jones November 10 , 2010 " Kenny " is a 15-year-old who was removed from his biological family seven years ago due to unsuitable living conditions .
He 's been a ward of the state of Illinois ever since , bouncing around the foster care system .
He 's been through numerous foster families and group homes .
His most recent group home experience was disastrous ;
he was bullied incessantly , and decided life would be safer on the streets .
" Kenny " was soon in touch with Lutheran Child Family Services of Illinois .
The organization was trying to find " Kenny " a more suitable home .
And it looked like they had found that , with the household of Fred Steinhauer and Matt Nalett , a Chicago gay couple .
Nalett works regularly attends meetings in the city's Boystown area with a teenage homeless group , which is where he first came into contact with " Kenny " .
The 15-year-old is now coming to terms with his sexual orientation , and now identifies as gay .
Having interacted with " Kenny " in the youth group , Steinhauer and Nalett were in touch with Lutheran Child Family Services about becoming foster parents to him .
They passed a home inspection .
They met with state child welfare workers and " Kenny's " therapist .
And they cleared all background checks .
But just before the foster parent situation could be finalized , Lutheran Child Family Services balked .
Why ?
Because they have a policy that says they won't place children , no matter how vulnerable , into foster families where the parents are gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgender .
Apparently , they'd much rather see kids out on the streets .
To rub salt in the wound , Lutheran Child Family Services conveyed this message to Steinhauer and Nalett by handing them a sheet of paper with a policy statement written on it , and a curt message from an employee :
let's not waste anyone's time , and have a nice day .
That policy statement went a little something like this :
" The agency will not develop or license adoptive or foster care families who identify themselves as gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender or questioning " .
The message devastated Nalett and Steinhauer , who had even begun to get their house ready for the holidays for " Kenny " to experience .
" My brain just like hit the floor " , Nalett said .
Lutheran Child Family Services said that it is their right to discriminate against same-sex couples in the foster care and adoption process because they are a religious organization , and are exempt from Illinois state law .
But a lawyer for Lambda Legal , Camilla Taylor , said that Lutheran Child Family Services might like to believe that , but it's simply not true .
She cited a number of court cases that showed organizations like Lutheran Child Family Services must follow statewide anti-discrimination laws , including when it comes to foster care or adoption .
" That is contrary to Illinois law but it's also a terrible wrong done to kids " , Taylor said .
Here's where it should also be mentioned that Lutheran Child Family Services receives close to $ 20 million from the state of Illinois , and as such should be required to follow Illinois anti-discrimination law .
How sad that a religious organization would rather see kids on the streets than in loving homes .
What would Jesus say about the message Lutheran Child Family Services is sending in this situation ?
We're guessing he'd have a few choice words that go something like , " Stop spreading intolerance and cruelty in my name " .
Send Lutheran Child Family Services a message that they 're harming kids by refusing to place them with qualified gay families .
As benefactors of nearly $ 20 million of taxpayer money from the state of Illinois , Lutheran Child Family Services should make sure their services are open to all residents ;
else they should return that $ 20 million with a polite , " Thanks , but we 'd rather be bigots " .
Using your phone as a remote control for your computer is practically a God-given right ,
and Gmote 's the best Android remote for playing and controlling movies and music on your computer .
FREE From The App Developers :
Gmote turns Android into a remote control for a computer , allowing users to run movies and music at a distance .
It supports all of the standard remote control features such as play , pause , rewind , volume controls etc .
It also has a built-in file browser that let 's you select what to play .
Do you avoid ladders , pavement cracks and black cats ?
Or are you far too rational to believe in old wives ' tales ?
Whatever your stance on superstitions , their origins are fascinating  so in honour of Friday the 13th , here are some of the more bizarre beliefs from around the world .
Stay forever young by carrying an acorn Forget anti-ageing creams - in Ancient Britain , women carried acorns in their pockets to stay looking young .
According to Richard Webster in The Encyclopedia of Superstitions the oak tree was believed to provide longevity and to ward off illness due to its long life .
Don't eat lettuce if you want to have children In the 19th century , English men avoided salads if they wanted to start a family .
In The Oxford Dictionary of Superstitions ( Iona Opie and Moira Tatem , Oxford University Press , 9.99 , ) a book on ' Plant Lore ' suggests that lettuce was detrimental to child-bearing because it was a ' sterile ' plant , and " as plants exhibited peculiarities in their actions , so were they supposed to operate on man . "
Don't chew gum at night ( In Turkey ) Fancy freshening up before a night out ?
Stick to mouthwash in Turkey .
Harry Oliver , author of Black Cats and Four Leaf Clovers , says that the Turkish believe that " if you're chewing gum at night in Turkey , you're actually chewing the flesh of the dead . "
Never give gloves as a present .. ..
well , you can , but you must also receive something in return , or you'll both have bad luck .
Gloves are attached to a whole host of superstitions , dating back to Medieval times and the days of chivalry , when Knights wore a lady's glove in their helmets .
It 's also bad luck to drop a glove , and then pick it up yourself - derived from the custom of a lady dropping a glove in the hope a prospective lover picks it up .
Off to an important meeting ?
Look out for a goat .
The goat has been associated with debauchery , lust and the Devil for thousands of years - and is also believed to absorb any evil or harm that may cross your path .
That's why it was once considered good luck to encounter a goat when travelling to an important meeting . 6 .
If your skirt turns up , you 'll receive a new dress Ever get an annoying fold in your skirt when you've sat on it strangely ?
According to old folklore , a new outfit might be coming your way .
The Oxford Dictionary of Superstitions cites that in 1914 , it was " a common belief that if the lower edge of a woman's skirt has become turned up so as to form a kind of pocket , some good fortune , such as a present of a new dress , will come to the owner " .
An awkward silence means an Angel is passing over This rather whimsical explanation for a lull in conversation is attributed to Dylan Thomas ' Portrait of the Artist - it features the line ' A host of angels must be passing by 
What a silence there is ! ' .
Eat grapes at midnight for good luck On New Year's Eve in Spain , not everyone kisses as the clock strikes twelve .
The superstitious eat twelve grapes at midnight for 12 months of good luck .
Go to hospital on a Wednesday According to The Encyclopedia of Superstitions , an old wives tale says the best day to go to hospital is a Wednesday .
Monday is the best day to leave and Saturday is the worst - as it means you 'll soon be back .
Pass a newborn baby through a rind of cheese In Medieval England , expectant mothers made a ' Groaning Cheese ' - a large wheel of cheese that matured for nine months as the baby grew .
When the ' groaning time ' or birth came , the cheese would be shared out amongst the family - and when nothing but the outer rind was left , the baby would be passed through the wheel of cheese on Christening day to be blessed with a long and prosperous life .
Tuck your thumbs in if you pass a graveyard In Japan , if a hearst passes you by , or you walk by a graveyard , you must tuck your thumbs in to protect your parents .
This is because the Japanese word for thumb literally translates as " parent-finger " and so by hiding it you are protecting your parents from death .
If a bird poos on your house , you'll be rich In Russia , if a bird defecates on you , your car or your property it's good luck , and may bring you riches .
The more birds involved , the richer you'll be !
Keep a hot cross bun for a year Much like the tradition of keeping a slice of wedding cake after the ceremony , this slightly grim superstition is supposed to bring luck .
Hot cross buns were originally eaten at ancient pagan festivals - but without the cross .
Christians added this in later to ward off evil spirits , and once baked on Good Friday morning , one was hung in the house for a year to bring good luck .
Latest Lighting Technology Hits The Market by Greg Allen November 12 , 2010
It may be hard to believe , but in just a few years , incandescent light bulbs will be history .
Under federal rules that take effect in 2012 , they will be replaced by more efficient lighting technologies , such as LEDs .
Until now , the main alternative was compact fluorescent lights , or CFLs .
Although they use just a quarter of the energy of incandescents , consumers have been slow to adapt them .
LEDs  light emitting diodes  have been around for decades .
For many years , they were used mostly to illuminate buttons and meters in electronic devices .
But in the last decade , researchers have successfully developed LEDs that produce white light comparable or superior to incandescents .
In the lighting aisle of a typical Home Depot store , LED bulbs are currently a small section among incandescents , fluorescents , CFLs and halogen .
But that's about to change .
The Lighting Science Group , a small Florida-based company , is the first firm to produce an LED , which costs less than $ 20 and produces as much light as a 40-watt incandescent bulb .
Zach Gibler , its CEO , says he's optimistic about its success .
The LED light is going to do more than just replace the incandescent , he says . " It's going to change the world " .
Lighting Science Group received a federal Energy Star rating , which makes it eligible for consumer rebates .
And perhaps its biggest coup is that it's being sold by Home Depot , the nation's largest lighting retailer .
Within the next five years , Gibler and others in the industry estimate that half of all lights sold in this country will be LEDs .
" We can use as much as 80 percent less energy " , he says , " and the product can last about 20 times longer than the technology it's replacing " .
Brad Paulsen , associate merchant for light bulbs at Home Depot , says it's that quality which convinced the large retail chain to introduce a line of LED bulbs , even though the high price tag has limited consumer demand .
" The one thing I can say pretty confidently " , Paulson says , " is that I think [ the price ] is going to come down pretty quickly over the next two to three years " .
Nearly every lighting manufacturer , including large companies like Phillips and GE , is racing to produce its own LED products .
Gibler says it's not a coincidence that a small company is the first to the marketplace .
An advantage of being small is that his firm can quickly retool and make design innovations part of its finished products .
It also helps , he says , that the company's engineers , developers and manufacturing staff all work at the same location .
" Typically , that's measured in months .
And that's a huge competitive advantage " .
The Future Of Digital Lighting Last year , the Lighting Science Group had 90 employees .
Today , there are 400 , and the company's growth seems to be just beginning .
The company plans to keep expanding its facility in Satellite Beach , and has made deals to open new manufacturing plants in Mexico and Asia .
Gibler's excitement about LEDs is not just about the technology's ability to light homes using less energy .
It's going digital .
As lighting moves from old analog bulbs to LEDs , Gibler says lamps are suddenly becoming consumer electronic devices that can sense and react to their environment .
" Lighting systems will be able to adapt to your environment in a way they couldn't before , because we're now using a semiconductor with a microprocessor that allows us to make it smart , just like your phone is " .
LEDs may be similar to cell phones in another way , too .
Manufacturers may eventually market LEDs with all sorts of enhanced features , such as security sensors , cameras or wireless communication .
Although these lights may last 20 years , as models improve , manufacturers are betting that you may want to upgrade to smarter LEDs long before they burn out .
She makes no speeches on the hustings ;
she remains aloof from the political fray .
She admits no party affiliation and is not permitted to vote or stand for office .
for more than half a century , she has held secret conversations with a cavalcade of 11 prime ministers ;
and , in a peculiarly British way , she could be cast in a central , yet largely powerless , role if Britain's elections on Thursday stray into the gray zone known as a hung Parliament .
Queen Elizabeth II was crowned as Britain's sovereign in 1953  a time when Winston S . Churchill was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Dwight D . Eisenhower was President of the United States .
And often enough since then her role has seemed ceremonial  touring far-flung outposts of onetime colonies ( the United States , for instance , ) receiving state visitors at Buckingham Palace ( George W . Bush , for example , ) shaking hands , nodding politely , asking non-intrusive questions :
" and what do you do " ?
she is said to inquire when she meets her subjects .
But those public functions cloak aspects of her job that have much more to do with the ambiguities and subtleties of state for a constitutional monarch in a land that has no codified constitution , bound by a web of precedent and protocol that defines the way Britain appoints its prime ministers , dissolves its Parliaments and sets the markers for royalty's relationship with political power .
Like Dame Helen Mirren in the movie " The Queen " , for instance , Elizabeth meets with the leader of the day , with whom she enjoys what the royal Web site calls a " special relationship with the Prime Minister , retaining the right to appoint and also meeting with him or her on a regular basis " .
Not only are those discussions frequent , they are also strictly confidential .
Some encounters are more portentous than others .
The latest election campaign began when Prime Minister Gordon Brown visited Buckingham Palace on April 6 to meet the Queen and formally request the dissolution of Parliament to make way for the vote on May 6 .
Five years ago , Mr . Brown's predecessor Tony Blair did the same , as had many of his forerunners .
When he was duly returned to office , albeit with a reduced majority , one of his first appointments on the way back to 10 Downing Street was with the Queen , who invited him to form the next government .
A mere formality , of course .
That tradition might hold if a single party emerges with a working majority from the voting on Thursday , enabling the Queen to summon an undisputed winner to anoint as prime minister .
But the tantalizing question is :
what if there is no much majority within the 650-seat parliament ?
The only rule , according to the House of Commons , is that the monarch should offer the keys to 10 Downing Street  the seat of prime ministerial power  to the leader of the party that has " the confidence of the House of Commons " .
But in a hung Parliament , who might that be ?
" The appointment of the Prime Minister and the granting of a dissolution of Parliament are both prerogative powers of the monarch " , said a House of Commons report published in March .
" On the former , the Sovereign must appoint that person who is in the best position to receive the support of the majority in the House of Commons " .
But she faces a dilemma :
since the Queen has no executive power to intervene in the running of the country , how can she usurp the role of politicians , not to mention the voters , in choosing a government ?
" A hung parliament may lead to a political crisis , but that is something for the political leaders , not the sovereign , to resolve " , the historian Vernon Bogdanor was quoted as saying in the House of Commons report .
In other words , the Queen must wait for the politicians , aided by civil servants , to find a way out of the impasse and advise her accordingly .
Talk of a hung parliament has inspired fervent and often abstruse debate about heady constitutional matters .
People have pored over the precedents of inconclusive elections and minority governments in 1910 , 1924 , 1929 and 1974 and they have delved much deeper into the history of the monarch's relationship with Parliament .
In the 17th century , attempts by two monarchs to rule in the face of parliamentary opposition ended badly for them :
Charles I was beheaded after the English Civil War between Royalists and Parliamentarians ;
and James II was sent into exile as a prelude to the 1689 Bill of Rights , described in a House of Commons report 320 years later as " one of the four great historic documents which regulate the relationship between the Crown and the people " .
Its fundamental propositions , guaranteeing the powers of Parliament and curbing the might of the monarchy , endure to this day .
As Robert Blackburn , a professor of Constitutional Law at King's College , London , was quoted as saying in the House of Commons report in March :
" It is unreal politically and inappropriate constitutionally to acknowledge  and indeed to advocate  a personal discretionary power for an hereditary monarch to operate as the means for determining the outcome of a general elections " .
And the Queen seems to agree , if the royal Web site is any guide :
" As Head of State " , it says , " the Queen has to remain strictly neutral with respect to political matters , unable to vote or stand for election " .
Quite simply , constitutional experts Robert Hazell and Akash Paun declared , " the golden rule is not to draw the Monarch into controversy or political negotiations " .
But a hung Parliament offers different perspectives .
" In a situation of no control "  when there is no clear majority , that is to say  " these conventions may be put under some strain by the absence of a clear way forward " , the House of Commons of report in March suggested with some delicacy .
Since 1950 , senior civil servants have concluded that the Queen is not constitutionally bound to accept an incumbent Prime Minister's request for a dissolution of Parliament very soon after an election providing she can see an alternative way forward .
If the convoluted calculations emerging from a hung Parliament , that could mean that Mr . Brown  currently tipped to lose  might seek a second chance to cling to power by asking for a second ballot to overcome a stalemate .
And the Queen  to the probable delight of her campaigned-out subjects  could simply say : " No " .
This is probably deep-fried small intestine , according to commenters , for some of whom finding this in their KFC is apparently a common occurrence .
John says he found some brain in his KFC chicken thigh in Raleigh , NC .
We asked him if he was sure it wasn't just skin and fat mixed together .
" Pretty sure , yeah .
Fat usually has more of a yellow tint , and is more gelatinous on chicken .
This was a solid looking piece , a little more than 1/4th of an inch thick at the widest part , and it had the unmistakable " lines " that you see in the brain organ .
It was also firm to the touch , unlike rubbery fat .
If it was a piece of skin or fat , it sure pulled off a good look alike . "
Look on the bright side ; at least now we know KFC uses real chicken . More gruesome pix , inside ..
Says John , " Needless to say , we 're never eating at KFC again .
( Especially after looking at these greasy close up shots ) .
It's not worth the time to take it back to the store , seeing as how all they would do is give us a gift certificate to come back .
The big dream for neuroscientists is to be able to watch our brain cells in action , in real time .
Well , new research has maybe found the most promising tool yet a technique to watch individual neurons light up in response to a stimulus , like flipping on a light switch .
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute inserted a light-sensitive protein into a lab mouse .
When a neuron fires , calcium ions flood through special cell channels .
And when this light-sensitive protein binds to calcium , it radiates yellow light .
So when the neuron fires it glows yellow .
When scientists shot a puff of air at the mouse's whiskers , the brain cells in the sensory areas of the cortex glowed yellow .
They watch this via thin glass fibers inserted into that brain region .
With this technique scientists now have a way to watch single cell activity in many different regions of the brain at once .
The hope is to investigate how the brain forms and loses neural connections during life experiences and when suffering from illnesses such as Alzheimer's , Parkinson's and schizophrenia .
Barcelona-based industrial designer Oriol Llahon in collaboration with Spanish lighting manufacturer Alma Light has created collection of contemporary lamps " Madame Lamps . "
The collection consists of three different models :
pendant , floor and table lamps .
Made of epoxy painted metal these lamps are available in black-gold or white-silver colour variants .
Also all models are available in two variants : full or only half .
Choose yours !
International Space Station Expedition 23 flight engineer Soichi Noguchi photographed on May 5 , 2010 the Mississippi River Delta and nearby Louisiana coast , which appear dark in the sunglint .
This phenomenon is caused by sunlight reflecting off the water surface , in a mirror-like manner , directly back towards the astronaut observer aboard the International Space Station .
The sunglint improves the identification of the oil spill which is creating a different water texture ( and therefore a contrast ) between the smooth and rougher water of the reflective ocean surface .
A couple million years ago , mammoths migrated north from Africa to colonize Eurasia .
Sometime around then a massive ice age kicked in and it was stay warm or die .
So their tails and heat-shedding ears shrunk , and they grew thick coats of oily fur .
But if you're out in the cold all day you also need some biochemical adjustments .
Hemoglobin is the protein in red blood cells that delivers oxygen to your tissues .
And it doesn't offload oxygen well at low temperatures . It just clings to it more tightly .
So mammoths solved that problem by evolving hemoglobin that releases oxygen more easily in the cold .
That's according to a study published in the journal Nature Genetics .
Researchers got the DNA that codes for hemoglobin from a 43,000 year old mammoth specimen .
They then used E . coli bacteria to produce actual mammoth hemoglobin .
Then they compared mammoth hemoglobin to that of their living cousins , Asian elephants , at 37 , 25 and 10 degrees Celsius .
Due to just a few key structural changes , mammoth hemoglobin can release oxygen more readily at cold temperatures . Which was just the thing to help mammoths keep their cool .
Who knew the humble toilet roll can be a work of art ?
Anastassia Elias cuts out people and objects ( with paper the same color scheme as the roll ) and sticks them inside ,
so that they look as if they're part of the toilet roll itself !
See more at her portfolio site .
The juxtaposition of light and shadow makes it a whimsical display of 3D art !
Those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives ..
you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country .
Therefore rest in peace .
There is no difference between the Johnnies and the Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours ..
You the mothers who sent their sons from far away countries wipe away your tears .
Your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace .
Having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well .
" Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , delivered to the first Australian and New Zealand soldiers to visit ANZAC battlefields , 1934 , inscribed on a monolith Ari Burnu Cemetery ( Anzac Beach ) and Kemal Ataturk Memorial , Canberra
Giant gravel batteries could make renewable energy more reliable
Wind and solar power are often criticised for being too intermittent , but Cambridge researchers could change that Alok Jha guardian .
Newly designed giant gravel batteries could be the solution to the on-off nature of wind turbines and solar panels .
By storing energy when the wind stops blowing or the sun stops shining , it is hoped the new technology will boost to renewable energy and blunt a persistent criticism of the technology - that the power from it is intermittent .
Electricity cannot be stored easily , but a new technique may hold the answer ,
so that energy from renewables doesn't switch off when nature stops playing ball .
A team of engineers from Cambridge think they have a potential solution :
a giant battery that can store energy using gravel .
" If you bolt this to a wind farm , you could store the intermittent and relatively erratic energy and give it back in a reliable and controlled manner " , says Jonathan Howe , founder of Isentropic and previously an engineer at the Civil Aviation Authority .
The Labour government committed to cutting the country's carbon emissions by 34 % by 2020 and 80 % by 2050 , both relative to 1990 levels .
To achieve this , ministers outlined plans to build thousands of wind turbines by 2020 .
The only economically viable way of storing large amounts of energy is through pumped hydro  where excess electricity is used to pump water up a hill .
The water is held back by a dam until the energy is needed , when it is released down the hill , turning turbines and generating electricity on the way .
Isentopic claims its gravel-based battery would be able to store equivalent amounts of energy but use less space and be cheaper to set up .
Its system consists of two silos filled with a pulverised rock such as gravel .
Electricity would be used to heat and pressurise argon gas that is then fed into one of the silos .
By the time the gas leaves the chamber , it has cooled to ambient temperature but the gravel itself is heated to 500C .
After leaving the silo , the argon is then fed into the second silo , where it expands back to normal atmospheric pressure .
This process acts like a giant refrigerator , causing the gas ( and rock ) temperature inside the second chamber to drop to - 160C .
The electrical energy generated originally by the wind turbines originally is stored as a temperature difference between the two rock-filled silos .
To release the energy , the cycle is reversed , and as the energy passes from hot to cold it powers a generator that makes electricity .
Isentropic claims a round-trip energy efficiency of up to 80 % and ,
because gravel is cheap , the cost of a system per kilowatt-hour of storage would be between $ 10 and $ 55 .
Howe says that the energy in the hot silo ( which is insulated ) can easily be stored for extended periods of time
- by his calculations , a silo that stood 50m tall and was 50m in diameter would lose only half of its energy through its walls if left alone for three years .
To demonstrate how much less infrastructure his system requires , Howe uses the example of the Bath County Pumped Storage hydro-electric dam in Virginia , US .
This is the biggest energy-storage system in the world , with two reservoirs covering 820 surface acres can store up to 30 GWh storage capacity .
An Isentropic gravel battery of the same capacity would occupy 1/300th of the area , according to Howe .
John Loughhead , executive director of the UK Energy Research Centre ,
said that the novelty of the Isentropic system lay in using cheap materials as the heat store ,
thus making a normally expensive and mechanically complex process very simple .
But he said demonstrators would need to be built to prove the idea actually functions .
" The question is , does it work ?
From an engineering standpoint , the temperature differences they mention , + 550C to - 150C are initially credibility-stretching for a single-pass cycle ,
and the potential for gravel particles to pass through the engine and damage or clog the inevitable cooling and lubricating systems seems high " .
Howe is in the process of designing a small pilot plant that could store 16MWh at full capacity - enough for the electrical needs of thousands of homes .
That energy could be stored in two silos of gravel that are 7 metres tall and 7 metres in diameter .
There is no reason why multiple units could not be connected together to store much more power , Howe says several gigawatt hours .
Howe says he is in talks with what he refers to as " a large utility company " to sponsor the construction of a full-storage demonstrator system , something around the 100 kilowatt scale .
Isentropic was selected recently by the government-sponsored Technology Strategy Board for a trade mission to meet Silicon Valley investors ,
one of around 20 of the Britain ' s most promising clean technology startup companies .
David Bott , director of innovation programmes at the Technology Strategy Board , one of the sponsors of the 2010 Clean and Cool trade mission said :
" Isentropic have done something very exciting ,
by revisiting scientific theory and coming up with a new technology that answers the need to match the generation of electricity with its use .
For instance , the system could enable the more efficient use of wind power , by storing the energy generated by a turbine until it is needed .
We need ways to store the energy we generate when we have a surplus , so that it can be used when we need extra and this innovative new system could provide the answer " .
Saving the Teachers
Last year 's $ 100 billion education stimulus plan insulated the public schools from the worst of the recession and saved an estimated 300,000 jobs .
With the economy still lagging and states forced to slash their budgets , Congress must act again to prevent a wave of teacher layoffs that could damage the fragile recovery and hobble the school reform effort for years to come .
In March , Representative George Miller , a Democrat of California , introduced a jobs bill that included a $ 23 billion school rescue plan .
Senator Tom Harkin , a Democrat of Iowa , has since introduced a similar plan fashioned as an emergency spending bill .
The House version is the better of the two .
The need for a second school stimulus plan was underscored on Monday by a new analysis from the American Association of School Administrators , which reported that cash-strapped districts were prepared to cut as many 275,000 jobs in the 2010-2011 school year .
The loss of that many paychecks  and the resulting decline in consumer spending  could kill off still more jobs in the communities where teachers and other school employees live .
Assuming that both houses pass their respective bills , House leaders should insist on two important changes .
First , they should discard ambiguous language in both bills that could allow that states to use the money for expenditures other than education .
Second , they should remove a provision of the Senate version that exempts the states from adhering to important reform requirements laid out the original stimulus bill .
Under those conditions , states are barred from cutting school funds and using the new federal dollars to fill the gap .
They are also required to create data driven systems for monitoring student progress and evaluating teachers  and to ensure that low-income and minority children are no longer disproportionately taught by unqualified teachers .
Despite arguments to the contrary , the school rescue plan can , in fact , do double duty .
It could both prevent layoffs and advance the cause of reform .
JOAN CHEN
Q :
What do you think it will take ?
A :
Time .
Time and persistence .
Just more Asian people who are interested in American culture , and want to get into the cultural side of this world rather than computers and physics and stuff like that .
I think I played a good role because for the past few years I was the more visible Asian performer
and I think it gave young girls a kind of role model showing it's possible to actually reach success doing movies .
Q :
Do you think we will reach the point where Asian faces can appear in big-budget movies without people paying much attention to it ?
A :
Yeah . Black people are doing a lot better lately .
They 're getting a lot more better roles and they have fought for a long time .
Yeah , it's very possible .
And I think really America is one of the best places for a person who is not a mainstream person .
Scratch -- we are the mainstream .
But all these racial tension around the world in Europe and Asia .
In Asia people are not very accepting of other races .
America has been a lot more tolerant and the law has made things possible though a lot of prejudices will not be governed by laws .
It 's really inside the person .
I do see hope .
Q :
Is this your home now ?
Are you an American ?
A :
I do n't know .
Physically this is my home , but I do go back to China so many times a year .
Q :
What does it feel like when you go back now ?
A :
I feel like it is also a home . A little less probably .
But I 've reconciled that I will be a little different from another Chinese walking on the street because I have all these years of American experience .
So I have accepted the fact that I have horns , but I still have a home there , my parents are still there , I still have my bed there , my room there .
So I could go back there .
Q :
Do you still send a big part of your income to family and relatives ?
A :
Not as much now because they 're all doing much better now .
Pretty soon , they 'll be sending money to me .
China 's growing very fast .
Q :
Speaking of money , you were talking about encouraging other Asian girls and boys to think of themselves as actresses and actors , and part of that is money ..
A :
There are many ways you can make money .
Certain ways will make you happy , certain other ways will make other people happy .
But if you go in because there's money in there , you're bound to fail , bound to fail !
Q :
How is the money if you succeed ?
A :
I do n't want to tell people what I make .
It's a lot more than I ever dreamed of as a kid .
I never think about it .
Q :
Is it six figures ?
A :
I do n't want to talk about it . But it's comfortable enough .
It is an extremely competitive business , partially because of the money , but mostly because all the people in it are so passionate .
When you feel so strongly about something and other people feel equally strongly , you have to feel stronger about it in order to succeed .
Like Joy Luck Club and many of the good movies , Reservoir Dogs , very quality movies that are done with only union rates .
Q :
All the actresses in Joy Luck got union wages ?
A :
Yeah , yeah , because there is a certain love .
This is a story they want to tell .
Q :
Why are n't you in it ?
A :
Because I was doing Golden Gate .
No , first I was doing Heaven &amp; Earth .
When I came back , they were halfway in the movie
and almost the day I arrived I started to do Golden Gate which is also a love of mine for which I got union rate .
Q :
Is that written and directed by David Henry Hwang ?
And you 're the girl who falls in love with the detective ?
A :
Yeah . I did n't want people to think I'm not in Joy Luck Club because everybody's getting union rate .
It 's just not true .
It's a story I love very much .
I have many friends there .
Amy Tan and director Wayne Wang , they 're all my friends .
I wish I could have been in it , but I was doing other work and for an actor a lot of it is really just love .
With that determination you could have made money elsewhere .
It's extremely hard .
You have to say , I will wither if I do n't do it , I 'll die if I do n't do it .
It has to be that big of a determination , that much of a need .
Q :
The money may not be the thing that pulls people into it , but it keeps a lot of people from ever considering it , especially Asian young people .
Do you make more money than , say , a successful lawyer ?
A :
No , you won't get it out of me .
Saturday , January 24th , 2009 at 5 : 55 am President Obama delivers Your Weekly Address
In his first weekly address since being sworn in as the 44th president of the United States , President Barack Obama discusses how the American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan will jump-start the economy .
" This is not just a short-term program to boost employment " , he said .
" It's one that will invest in our most important priorities like energy and education ; health care and a new infrastructure that are necessary to keep us strong and competitive in the 21st century " .
The Administration is still working with Congress to refine the plan , but in the address , President Obama lays out the key priorities .
He goes into detail , noting that the plan will update our electric grid by laying more than 3,000 miles of transmission lines ;
weatherize 2.5 million homes ;
protect health insurance for more than 8 million Americans in danger of losing their coverage ;
secure 90 major ports ;
renovate 10,000 schools ;
and triple the number of science fellowships .
Remarks of President Barack Obama Weekly Address Saturday , January 24th , 2009
We begin this year and this Administration in the midst of an unprecedented crisis that calls for unprecedented action .
Just this week , we saw more people file for unemployment than at any time in the last twenty-six years ,
and experts agree that if nothing is done , the unemployment rate could reach double digits .
Our economy could fall $ 1 trillion short of its full capacity , which translates into more than $ 12,000 in lost income for a family of four .
And we could lose a generation of potential , as more young Americans are forced to forgo college dreams or the chance to train for the jobs of the future .
In short , if we do not act boldly and swiftly , a bad situation could become dramatically worse .
That is why I have proposed an American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan to immediately jumpstart job creation as well as long-term economic growth .
I am pleased to say that both parties in Congress are already hard at work on this plan , and I hope to sign it into law in less than a month .
It 's a plan that will save or create three to four million jobs over the next few years ,
and one that recognizes both the paradox and the promise of this moment - the fact that there are millions of Americans trying to find work even as , all around the country , there's so much work to be done .
That's why this is not just a short-term program to boost employment .
It 's one that will invest in our most important priorities like energy and education ; health care and a new infrastructure that are necessary to keep us strong and competitive in the 21st century .
Today I 'd like to talk specifically about the progress we expect to make in each of these areas .
To accelerate the creation of a clean energy economy , we will double our capacity to generate alternative sources of energy like wind , solar , and biofuels over the next three years .
We 'll begin to build a new electricity grid that lay down more than 3,000 miles of transmission lines to convey this new energy from coast to coast .
We 'll save taxpayers $ 2 billion a year by making 75 % of federal buildings more energy efficient ,
and save the average working family $ 350 on their energy bills by weatherizing 2.5 million homes .
To lower health care cost , cut medical errors , and improve care , we 'll computerize the nation 's health record in five years , saving billions of dollars in health care costs and countless lives .
And we 'll protect health insurance for more than 8 million Americans who are in danger of losing their coverage during this economic downturn .
To ensure our children can compete and succeed in this new economy , we 'll renovate and modernize 10,000 schools , building state-of-the-art classrooms , libraries , and labs to improve learning for over five million students .
We 'll invest more in Pell Grants to make college affordable for seven million more students , provide a $ 2,500 college tax credit to four million students ,
and triple the number of fellowships in science to help spur the next generation of innovation .
Finally , we will rebuild and retrofit America to meet the demands of the 21st century .
That means repairing and modernizing thousands of miles of America 's roadways and providing new mass transit options for millions of Americans .
It means protecting America by securing 90 major ports and creating a better communications network for local law enforcement and public safety officials in the event of an emergency .
And it means expanding broadband access to millions of Americans , so business can compete on a level-playing field , wherever they're located .
I know that some are skeptical about the size and scale of this recovery plan .
I understand that skepticism , which is why this recovery plan must and will include unprecedented measures that will allow the American people to hold my Administration accountable for these results .
We won't just throw money at our problems - we 'll invest in what works .
Instead of politicians doling out money behind a veil of secrecy , decisions about where we invest will be made public , and informed by independent experts whenever possible .
We 'll launch an unprecedented effort to root out waste , inefficiency , and unnecessary spending in our government
and every American will be able to see how and where we spend taxpayer dollars by going to a new website called recovery.gov.
No one policy or program will solve the challenges we face right now , nor will this crisis recede in a short period of time .
But if we act now and act boldly ;
if we start rewarding hard work and responsibility once more ;
if we act as citizens and not partisans and begin again the work of remaking America , then I have faith that we will emerge from this trying time even stronger and more prosperous than we were before .
Thanks for listening .
Firefox 4 :
Faster , Sleeker Interface &amp; Better Privacy Controls
Mozilla plans to release Firefox 4 by the end of this year .
Mike Beltzner , detailed the organizations ' plans for the next generation of the popular browser in a presentation on Air Mozilla earlier today .
The overall mission for Firefox 4 , as Beltzner pointed out , is that Firefox 4 should be " fast , friendly and empowering " .
Mozilla wants to ship Firefox 4 by November 2010 .
If Mozilla's plans work out , the first beta of Firefox 4 should be available by the end of June . This beta phase will last for multiple months and Mozilla plans to roll out a new beta every couple of weeks .
These betas might also feature the Test Pilot add-on by default , which will allow Mozilla to gather better feedback from its beta users .
Speeding up the Browser Firefox 4 will feature a renewed emphasis on speed .
Current projects like JgerMonkey will form the basis of these projects to make Firefox faster .
As Beltzner noted , it's also worth remembering that current versions of Firefox were built for computers and operating systems that were shipped many years ago .
To speed up the browser and enhance the user interface , Mozilla wants the next version of Firefox to support hardware acceleration and offer built-in support for multi-touch and technologies like Aero Peek in Windows 7 .
Mozilla plans to ship 64-bit versions of the browser for Windows 7 and OSX .
New Interface Making Firefox faster does n't just mean optimizing the performance of the browser itself , however , but also enhancing the user experience to make the browser feel faster .
Judging from the screenshots we saw today , the new design will make Firefox 4 look a lot like Chrome .
Using the Browser to Manage Your Relationship with Websites As Belztner noted ,
websites are now becoming more like desktop apps and it's becoming increasingly important that users understand what web services do with their data .
Mozilla wants to create a way to manage website's permissions with a simple but powerful control dialog .
The new account manager that Mozilla first introduced a few weeks ago is one of the organization's steps towards this direction .
The permissions manager , for example , will allow you to manage which sites can get access to your location data .
Personalization Mozilla also plans to improve how users can customize their browsers .
In Firefox 4 , users will be able to install add-ons without having to restart the browser , for example .
The browser will also feature a new customizations interface and Mozilla plans to make it easier to discover and find relevant add-ons .
Firefox 4 for Developers Mozilla also plans a number of updates for developers that will give Firefox 4 better native multimedia capabilities , better developer tools and support for new HTML5 and Web technologies .
Firefox 4 , for example , will add a lot of rich HTML5 capacities to the browser , as well as support for 3D capabilities , a fullscreen API , faster 2D drawing and an animation API .
Firefox 4 will also include a number of updated developer tools like a timer API to test website performance and better memory diagnostic tools .
China has seen a dramatic rise in cases of syphilis , as a result of rapid social change , US researchers say .
A report in the New England Journal of Medicine says syphilis is now the most commonly reported communicable disease in Shanghai , the second-largest city .
Pregnant women are also increasingly passing the disease to their children , with more than one baby with congenital syphilis born every hour in 2008 .
No other country has seen such a rise since the discovery of penicillin .
Syphilis was almost eradicated from China in the 1950s with a sweeping programme of antibiotics and brothel shutdowns .
But the researchers say the disease is now " a major scourge lurking in the shadows , " with around 20 people in every 100,000 in China carrying the infection .
They link the rise directly to China 's economic reforms and the growing number of migrant workers and men with expendable income , which has led to a growth in the commercial sex industry .
Female sex workers and gay or bisexual men - a third of whom are married - " disproportionately bear the burden " of the epidemic , they say .
Syphilis , a bacterial disease , is curable with antibiotics if treated early ,
but can cause paralysis , blindness and death if left untreated .
Mothers can pass syphilis to unborn babies , which can lead to deformities , neurological problems , stillbirths or death in early infancy .
The authors say there is a lack of adequate screening in China , and entrenched social stigma makes people reluctant to get tested .
They recognised China 's efforts to increase awareness of sexually transmitted infections among sex workers ,
but say more needs to be done , including free screening for all pregnant women and high-risk groups .
Offering tests in non-clinical sites - including brothels , saunas and nightclubs - would be one way to help identify and prevent the spread of local infections , they say .
A Pakistani man convicted over the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks is to be sentenced at a prison court in India .
Mohammed Ajmal Amir Qasab - the only gunman who survived the attacks - faces the death penalty or life imprisonment after he was found guilty on Monday .
The prosecution has argued for him to be hanged .
India 's last execution was in 2004 and observers say such a sentence could take years to impose because of a lengthy appeal process .
Qasab , 22 , was convicted on Monday on 86 charges including murder , waging war on India and possessing explosives .
Two other suspects were acquitted .
The attacks left 174 people dead and heightened tensions between India and Pakistan .
India holds the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba group responsible for the attack . '
Agent of the devil ' At a court session on Tuesday , Qasab 's lawyer called for leniency , saying his client had been brainwashed by a terrorist organisation and could be rehabilitated .
" He 's a human being of flesh and blood . That should not be forgotten " , he said .
But prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam argued that it would be a " mockery of justice " if Qasab did not receive the death penalty .
" He is an agent of the devil himself , a disgrace to society and the entire human race " , he said .
In India the death penalty is carried out by hanging , but it is rarely used
and most death sentences are commuted to life imprisonment .
A 1983 ruling by the country's Supreme Court stated that it should be imposed only in " the rarest of rare cases . "
The BBC's Soutik Biswas in Delhi says that if Qasab is sentenced to death and decides to appeal , the process could take years in the courts .
Our correspondent says that Qasab could in the last resort appeal to the president for clemency - which would take even more time .
Sex Ads Seen Adding Revenue to Craigslist
April 25 , 2010
Craigslist , one of the most popular Web sites in the United States , is on track to increase its revenue 22 percent this year , largely from its controversial sex advertisements .
That financial success is reviving scrutiny from law-enforcement officials who say the ads are still being used for illegal ends .
George Ruhe for The New York Times
Richard Blumenthal , attorney general of Connecticut , has written to Craigslist about the presence of prostitution ads on the site .
Bradley C. Bower / Associated Press
James Buckmaster , the chief executive of Craigslist , said , " Misuse of Craigslist for criminal purposes is utterly unacceptable " .
The ads , many of which blatantly advertise prostitution , are expected to bring $ 36 million this year , according to a new projection of Craigslist 's income .
That is three times the revenue in last year 's projection .
Law-enforcement officials have been fighting a mostly losing battle to get Craigslist to rein in the sex ads .
At the same time , officials of organizations that oppose human trafficking say the site remains the biggest online hub for selling women against their will .
Last week , in the latest example , the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested 14 members of the Gambino crime family on charges of , among other things , selling the sexual services of girls ages 15 to 19 on Craigslist .
The company that provided the revenue projection , the Advanced Interactive Media Group , has been preparing such analyses since 2003 .
Followers of Craigslist consider AIM 's work to be the most comprehensive estimates of the fiercely private company 's finances .
The estimate was calculated based on the number of sex ads counted on Craigslist over the month of February and the fees for posting such ads  $ 10 initially and $ 5 for repeat postings .
James Buckmaster , Craigslist 's chief executive , said in an e-mail message that the site would not confirm the figures because it is private and does not discuss its finances .
Of the sex ads , he wrote ,
" Of the thousands of U.S. venues that carry adult service ads , including venues operated by some of the largest and best known companies in the U.S. ,
Craigslist has done the best and most responsible job of combating child exploitation and human trafficking " .
Mr. Buckmaster was referring to alternative newspapers , phone directories and sex Web sites that carry ads for prostitution ,
although authorities say that Craigslist is the largest place for such ads .
Craigslist , based in San Francisco , had seemed to put the conflict over its sex ads to rest .
Attorneys general in 40 states , including New Jersey , Illinois and Connecticut , investigated the company for facilitating criminal activity , after a wave of publicity about prostitution and violent crimes linked to the site .
Although Craigslist has continually argued that it is legally protected by the Communications Decency Act against liability for what its users post 
an analysis that judges and legal experts generally agree with 
it promised last May to begin manually monitoring these posts for illegal activity .
But it also decided to stop committing to donate the profits from sex ads to charity , saying it would make no further comment on how that money would be used .
In a private letter sent to Craigslist 's lawyer on Thursday , Richard Blumenthal , attorney general of Connecticut , complained about the continued presence of prostitution ads on the site
and asked what additional steps Craigslist was taking to keep such solicitations off the site .
He also asked the company to reveal precisely how much money those ads generate ,
and criticized the company 's announcement last May that it would no longer commit to donate those profits to charity .
" I believe Craigslist acted irresponsibly when it unilaterally decided to keep the profits from these posts " , Mr. Blumenthal wrote in the letter , a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times .
In the e-mail message , Mr. Buckmaster said ,
" Misuse of Craigslist for criminal purposes is utterly unacceptable ,
and Craigslist will continue to work with its partners in law enforcement and at nongovernmental organizations until it is eliminated " .
He declined to say whether the company was continuing to donate revenue from sex ads to charity , but he said the company was continuing to develop its charitable initiatives .
The company has two charitable organizations ;
one , the nine-year-old Craigslist Foundation , which received $ 648,000 in contributions in 2008 , according to public documents , does not make any donations .
" It connects people and organizations to the resources they need to strengthen communities " , according to its Web site .
There is also a newer organization , the Craigslist Charitable Fund , which was capitalized in 2008 with $ 2.7 million by Craigslist , according to public documents . But little else is known about it ,
and Mr. Buckmaster declined to comment further on the organization or say whether that was the money from the sex ads .
Meanwhile , staff members for Illinois 's attorney general , Lisa Madigan , have counted more than 200,000 sex ads since late 2008 posted to Craigslist in Chicago alone  which they estimate have generated $ 1.7 million for the company .
Officials in Illinois and Connecticut , as well as South Carolina , are leading the effort to get the site to improve its monitoring of sex ads .
Cara Smith , Ms. Madigan 's deputy chief of staff , said Craigslist 's manual review of the ads had had a minimal impact .
" Certainly the manual monitoring has tempered the photos posted along with the ads , but I think there's no question that the site continues to facilitate prostitution " , she said .
The AIM Group , which sells research on the advertising market to newspapers and Web sites , conducts its annual Craigslist study by tabulating all the posts to Craigslist in 39 major United States cities over a 30-day period ,
and then extrapolating to reach a final revenue figure .
This year , the study showed Craigslist on track to bring in $ 122 million in 2010 , a 22 percent increase over its projected revenue last year .
Though the site is largely free , it does charge people to post job listings in 19 major United States cities , and real estate listings in New York City , in addition to sex listings in all 438 markets in the United States .
Revenue in those other categories remained largely unchanged since last year , according to AIM .
The increase in revenue from sex ads to $ 36.3 million for the year , according to AIM , was largely caused by Craigslist 's decision last May to double the rate for these ads in all of its American markets to $ 10 .
The windfall from sex ads has touched a raw nerve with groups that oppose human trafficking , who are typically heated in their discussion of the company .
" Craigslist has not given any indication that they are outraged and disturbed that their site is the primary way children are bought in the country " , said Rachel Lloyd , executive director of Girls Educational and Mentoring Services ,
" All they have done is made cosmetic changes " .
Craigslist 's reliance on the Communications Decency Act has also angered law-enforcement officials , who complain that the law could not have been drafted with this particular example in mind .
But the company has repeatedly won rulings in cases brought against it , including one in 2008 over discriminatory housing ads .
A federal appeals court said Craigslist was an online service provider , not a publisher , and so was protected by federal law .
Questions about where that revenue is going are sure to arise from this latest financial analysis of Craigslist .
In an accompanying report , the AIM Group estimated Craigslist 's expenses at under $ 50 million , though it acknowledged that this particular calculation involved " educated guesses " .
The analysis took into account estimates of salaries , server and bandwidth costs , and the lawyer fees associated with Craigslist 's continuing legal battle with a minority shareholder , eBay .
Even if the numbers are slightly off , that leaves a lot of room for big profits .
Mr. Buckmaster and Mr. Newmark own a majority of the company 's shares and by all accounts do not live flashy lifestyles .
Few things are more iconic in American kid culture then the garishly decorated McDonald 's Happy Meal box .
Who among us can't remember whining to their parents for a cheeseburger when all we really wanted was the latest Barbie figurine , Hot Wheels car or cheap movie tie-in tchotchke ?
It's unlikely , however , that we realized exactly what we were consuming  a 500-plus-calorie meal with a side of sugary soda .
The pairing of toys and unhealthy food is precisely what led officials in Santa Clara County in California to ban toys in fast-food meals in an effort to curb childhood obesity .
" [ This ordinance ] prevents restaurants from preying on children 's love of toys to peddle high-calorie , high-fat , high-sodium kids ' meals " ,
county supervisor Ken Yeager told CNN .
But while the Golden State county may have delivered a minor blow to the Golden Arches , it 's unlikely that the appeal of the Happy Meal will dim anytime soon .
It started as a simple gimmick .
Today , Dick Brams is known as the " father of the Happy Meal " .
But back in 1977 , the McDonald 's St. Louis regional advertising manager was just another marketer with a brilliantly simple idea :
Why not create a meal just for kids ?
In 1979 McDonald 's rolled out the U.S. 's first Happy Meal .
It was circus-wagon-themed and came with the standard hamburger or cheeseburger option , as well as French fries , cookies , a soft drink and  of course  a toy .
Upon opening their meal , kids got either a " McDoodler " stencil , a " McWrist " wallet , an ID bracelet , a puzzle lock , a spinning top or a McDonaldland-character eraser .
Though the culinary options have basically remained the same ( Chicken McNuggets were added in 1983 , ) the toys have changed nearly every week .
A big moment for the meal came in 1987 when the first Disney Happy Meal debuted .
Since then , Mickey Mouse , Cinderella , Aladdin , Simba , Nemo and all 101 dalmatians have made appearances .
In addition to the Disney favorites , a great number of other toys and characters have found their way into the Happy Meal box :
Transformers ( which are now highly prized among collectors , ) Hello Kitty , Legos , Teletubbies and G.I. Joe .
But none have experienced the insane popularity of Ty 's Teenie Beanie Babies .
McDonald 's introduced a miniature version of the wildly popular stuffed animals in 1997 , selling more than 100 million that year and further propelling a nationwide Beanie Baby craze .
The intense popularity resulted in McDonald 's continuing to offer Teenie Beanies annually through the year 2000 ,
in 2004 ( when they featured Beanies for original McDonald 's stars Ronald , Birdie , Hamburglar and Grimace in honor of the Happy Meal 's 25th anniversary )
and as recently as 2009 .
While a child 's interest is naturally fleeting , some adults have stayed loyal .
David Bracken is vice president of the McDonald 's Collectors Club , a group celebrating its 20th anniversary at a convention April 30 and May 1 in Toledo , Ohio .
Bracken , who lives near Pittsburgh , Pa , . and started collecting in 1993 , has amassed about 10,000 McDonald's collectibles , including some 4,500 Happy Meal toys .
He said his interest took hold in the early ' 90s , when he would take his three kids to get the cheap , family-friendly meals .
" I was just amazed at the amount of different toys they made " , he said .
" Eventually the kids got bored with the toys , and Dad was just the weird guy that still collected Happy Meal toys " , Bracken says with a laugh .
( His children are now 15 , 18 and 21 ) .
Now his family room and basement are stuffed with Happy Meal knickknacks , a 22-in - . tall Ronald McDonald made out of Legos , an inflatable playpen ( complete with golden arches )
and a rare 1964 Archie McDonald bag
( McDonald 's produced only a few Archie merchandise items before being sued by a disc jockey of a similar name . )
He even owns one of the iconic arches  a 9-ft - . by-4-ft . sign retired by a nearby McDonald 's .
It reads , " Billions and billions served " .
Bracken 's wife refused to let him hang it in the family room .
His collection became so well known that it elicited a visit from the head clown himself :
to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Happy Meal in June 2009 , Ronald visited Bracken 's house to check out the memorabilia and deliver a Happy Mealshaped cake .
The clown 's gesture did not go unnoticed .
" He 's got to travel all over the world , so for him to stop in my house is pretty neat " ,
Bracken told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review at the time .
But while its toys have long been cherished , the Happy Meal 's food choices are often criticized .
To its credit , McDonald's introduced jugs of 1 % milk , apple slices with low-fat caramel dip and juice boxes in the early 2000s .
A four-piece Chicken McNuggets meal with apple slices , caramel dip and a box of apple juice has 380 calories , 12 g of fat and 470 mg of sodium .
Then there 's the cheeseburger meal with a small bag of fries and 1 % chocolate milk , which weighs in at 700 calories , 27 g of fat and 1,060 mg of sodium .
The Santa Clara County measure bans restaurants from including toys in meal packages with more than 485 calories or 600 mg of sodium , as well as with meals that derive more than 35 % of their total calories from fat or 10 % from added sugar .
If the fast-food giant wants to continue serving toys with their kid meals around Santa Clara , it's going to have to make some additional menu changes .
But even with the measure , the Happy Meal is unlikely to fade from prominence .
After all , " it's part of America " , says Bracken .
" Every family knows McDonald's , and every kid at one time or another has said to their parents , ' Hey , can we go to McDonald's for a Happy Meal ' ? "
Kim Jong Il doesn't take road trips much these days .
He 's 68 years old and not fully recovered from a stroke he suffered nearly two years ago .
His country is as impoverished as ever , with some analysts warning of a return to the famine conditions that killed tens of thousands of the dictator 's subjects in the late 1990s .
The world wants him to return to negotiations over North Korea 's nuclear weapons program , but he has shown little interest .
Indeed , though Pyongyang denies it , Kim 's government is suspected of having blown up a South Korean naval ship just a month ago , killing 46 sailors 
not exactly a signal that he desires a return to the warm embrace of the six-party talks .
He is , after all , preoccupied at home , trying to arrange a succession to the leadership for his 28-year-old son , whom no one in the outside world knows anything about .
But now he has taken to the road , packing up his 17-car luxury train and making his first trip to China since 2006 .
He arrived on Monday , May 3 , in Dalian , a northeastern port city , and is believed to be headed to Beijing for talks with China 's top leaders on Wednesday .
They have a lot to discuss , and Kim is not likely to find his hosts in a particularly good mood .
China 's basic interest since the end of the Korean War 57 years ago has been stability in the north ,
as North Korea is a useful buffer state in northeast Asia , a region that  in the security sphere , at least  is still dominated by the U.S. and its allies .
More recently , Beijing has sought increased access to the minerals and commodities in North Korea that are useful in fueling China 's continued economic growth .
And over the past several years , China has  depending on whom you believe  either exerted useful pressure on North Korea to engage in the six-party talks or just pretended to do so .
Under normal circumstances , those topics would dominate any discussions between the allies , which are , as the saying goes , as close as lips and teeth .
The problem for both is that these are not normal circumstances .
The March 26 sinking of the South Korean navy corvette the Cheonan in South Korean waters has made this a delicate trip for the Dear Leader and his Chinese hosts .
Seoul is convinced the ship was struck by a North Korean torpedo ,
though it has n't said so definitively or publicly yet , while Pyongyang has denied any responsibility .
South Korea is said to be annoyed , at minimum , that Beijing is even hosting Kim so soon after the alleged attack ,
even though the visit was planned months ago .
In a speech on Tuesday in Seoul , South Korean President Lee Myung Bak made it clear that the Cheonan incident trumps everything else when it comes to inter-Korean relations .
South Korea has put together an international investigative team from the U.S. , Australia , the U.K. and Sweden to seek conclusive proof of why the vessel sank .
If and when that information is obtained , Lee said , Seoul will take " clear and stern measures " against those responsible .
The sinking , he added , was not a simple accident .
" Immediately after the incident , I had a hunch that it was a grave international issue involving the relations between the South and North " , he said .
And that 's why Beijing is unhappy .
As Yoo Se-hee , a professor at Hanyang University in Seoul , points out ,
two of the things that cause instability in North Korea are " heightened tension between the two Koreas and external pressure on North Korea that threatens its system and security " .
No. 1 is now a given ,
and it's likely that a furious South Korea will push the U.S. , an ally , to join it and seek punitive sanctions against the North if the multinational investigative team unearths the smoking torpedo .
That 's going to put Beijing in an uncomfortable spot .
Kim , no doubt , has the beggar 's cup out this week , given how dire his country 's economy is .
Internal political stability requires that there be no economic collapse ,
so even as South Korea withdraws the small amount of monetary assistance and trade it had been allowing to flow North , China will probably step into the breach .
But Kim , as Yoo points out , probably wants assurances that Beijing will carry the North 's water at the U.N. should international heat intensify over the Cheonan sinking .
China has more or less stuck by its so-called friend in Pyongyang  in bad times and in worse times .
( There are no good times in North Korea ) .
Now Kim has come a-callin ' again , surely asking for support one more time .
" That is the dilemma China has to live with " , Yoo says .
They say you can 't choose your enemies but you can choose your friends .
Why the People's Republic of China still calls North Korea a friend and an ally is an increasingly uncomfortable question for Beijing as the years go by .
And it 's in the process of becoming even more so .
Every Thursday is Happiness Day on Zen Habits .
Money can 't buy you love .
It can't buy you happiness either .
Today 's materialistic world often urges us to buy the coolest gadgets , the trendiest clothes , bigger and better things ,
but research shows that possessions and purchases don't buy us happiness .
According to an article on CNN :
By and large , money buys happiness only for those who lack the basic needs .
Once you pass an income of $ 50,000 , more money doesn't buy much more happiness .
So while we are being pushed towards materialism , it 's for monetary gain by corporations , not for our own happiness .
Unfortunately , it 's hard to escape the trap of materialism , and find happiness in other ways than buying stuff online or finding joy in the mall .
But it 's possible .
Here 's a guide to finding a materialism-free life and discovering true happiness .
Escaping Materialism
All around us , there are messages telling us to buy stuff .
On the Internet , we see continuous advertising trying to get us to purchase a product or service .
It 's the main reason for television , and movies are continually made with products placed throughout , so that we aren't always sure what is advertising and what was put in there by the director .
Flip on the radio or open up a newspaper or magazine , and you 're bombarded my more advertising .
Go to a shopping center/mall , and the urge to buy comes from every direction .
This message to continually buy , buy , buy  and that it will somehow make us happpier  is drilled into our heads from the days of Happy Meals and cartoons until the day we die .
It 's inescapable .
Well , almost .
You could go and live in a cabin in the woods , or you could still live in our modern society , but find ways to escape materialism .
Here are some suggestions :
Limit television .
Do you really enjoy watching TV for hours ?
Think about which shows you really , really love , and only watch during that time .
When the commercials come on , go do something else .
Or use Tivo to watch TV .
You can even give up cable TV entirely , if you 're brave  I have , and it 's one of the best things I 've ever done .
Eschew the news .
Journalists will never tell you this ,
but if they 're completely honest , they 'll confess that the most important part of any news company , from TV or radio news to Internet or print new , is the advertising division .
It 's the division that pays the paychecks of the rest of the company .
The news is important in driving traffic to the advertising .
So when you 're watching or reading news , you 're really being sucked in to advertising .
boycott the news for a week .
I 've done it for about two years , and it has n't hurt me a bit .
In fact , it 's helped me a lot .
Limit Internet reading .
I 'm not saying you should cancel your cable Internet subscription or anything .
I love reading blogs .
But find just those that you truly love reading , that give you the most value ,
and limit your reading to those .
And just do it once a day , for 30 minutes or so .
If you can do that , you 've gone a long way towards tearing yourself away from advertising .
Give up magazines for books .
Magazines are also designed with advertising in mind .
And they rarely give you much value .
Don't go to the mall or Walmart .
The only purpose of these places is for you to spend money .
If you just want a place to spend your Saturday afternoon , find a place where you don't need to spend money to have fun  a park or a beach , for example .
If you need to buy something , go to a single store and go in and get what you need .
Don't browse and walk around looking at stuff .
You 'll get sucked in .
Monitor your urges .
When you 're online , or watching TV , or at a store , keep track of the number of times you want to buy something .
Keep a little notebook or index card , and just put tally marks , you can start to control them .
If you could control them , limiting your consumption of media is n't really necessary 
although I would argue that it still gives you a better quality of life .
Use a 30-day list .
If you still really want to buy something , put it on a list , and write down the date you added the item to the list .
It might be difficult , but you can do it .
When the 30 days have passed , if you still want it , then buy it .
But you can't buy anything without putting it on the list for 30 days first .
Many times , our urges to buy something will pass during this waiting period .
Declutter .
I find it pretty amazing to see all the crap I buy over a period of years , when I go through my closets and other possessions and start getting rid of stuff I don't use or want anymore .
It 's a gratifying process ,
and at the same time , it makes me realize how useless all our consumer shopping is .
I don't need any of the stuff !
When you do this , you may be less likely to buy more stuff .
Especially if you enjoy the decluttered look of your house as much as I do .
Find other forms of entertainment .
There are other things to do besides watch TV or movies or read magazines or newspapers or the Internet .
Try playing sports or exercising , or playing board games or creating art or writing or reading a book .
Try doing fun things with your kids or visiting relatives and other loved ones .
Try volunteering with a charity .
I 'm sure you could come up with 100 free or cheap things to do .
Buy used .
When you get the urge to buy something , and you 're convinced that it 's needed , try finding it used instead of new .
Look in thrift shops or garage sales or flea markets or similar places .
A True Path to Happiness
So , if you 're able to escape materialism , how can you find true happiness ?
There are many ways , and each of us is different , but here are some things I suggest trying :
Make a list of things about which you 're grateful in your life .
Give thanks for them daily .
Think positive .
Try eliminating negative thinking from your life , and thinking positive instead .
Small pleasures .
Make a list of small things that give you great pleasure .
Sprinkle them throughout your day .
Notice other small pleasures as you go through your day .
Kindness .
Practice random acts of kindness and compassion .
Do it anonymously .
Help those in need .
Volunteer .
Make someone smile .
Love .
Make an intimate connection with your loved ones .
Develop your friendships .
Spend time with them , converse , understand them , make them happy .
Health . Exercise and eat healthy
it sounds trite , but it can bring great happiness to your life .
Meaning .
It 's often useful to find meaning , either through a church or spiritual way , or through those we love in life or through the things we're passionate about .
Give yourself a purpose .
Flow .
Eliminate distractions , and really pour yourself into whatever you 're doing .
If it 's writing an article , like this one , really put yourself into it , until you forget the outside world .
Know yourself .
Become attuned to what brings you happiness .
Study yourself .
Learn about what you love , and about your ability to love .
Increase your capacity for compassion .
When my toddler hears a strange noise , he 'll say , " Mom , what does that sound look like " ?
His amusing phrasing innocently mixes sight and sound .
But now a study in the journal Nature Neuroscience suggests that the brain actually links the audio with the visual .
Because simply seeing a vase shatter activates the part of the brain that handles sound .
If I asked you to imagine a rooster crowing , you 'd probably hear the [ audio of rooster crowing ] in your head .
But what 's happening in your brain ?
We know which brain regions handle sound waves that come in through your ears .
Are the same areas active when you simply imagine the sound ?
Scientists placed volunteers in an MRI scanner and showed them a series of nine silent videos .
The clips showed things like the breaking vase , a cow mooing or a violin being played .
And in the subjects ' brains , the auditory cortex  which handles sounds  was not only activated by the sights , but it would categorize them .
So the patterns of activity that represent a howling dog and a chainsaw were distinct .
That means that Hamlet could hear the difference between a hawk and a handsaw  even if he only saw them .
Stop stamping on them : The hated cockroach is essential to our planet for converting nitrogen into fertiliser
By DAMIEN GAYLE
PUBLISHED : 12 : 43 GMT , 22 June 2012
They are the most despised of all insects .
Disconcertingly large and fast , and they live in the most unsanitary conditions .
It's no wonder the first reaction of many to seeing a cockroach scuttling their way is to try to exterminate the little blighter , and few would shed a tear at the thought of the entire species dying out .
But , of course , things are not so simple .
Unpleasant though they are , according to biologists the humble cockroach is essential to the survival of the planet 's delicate ecosystem .
But cockroaches are essential for the planet 's nitrogen cycle , biologists say ,
and are an important food for many other creatures
According to Srini Kambhampati , professor and chair of the biology department at the University of Texas at Tyler , the disappearance of cockroaches would play havoc with the nitrogen cycle .
Professor Kambhampati , a leading expert on roaches , told the Huffington Post :
Most cockroaches feed on decaying organic matter , which traps a lot of nitrogen .
' Cockroach feeding has the effect of releasing that nitrogen ( in their feces ) which then gets into the soil and is used by plants . '
In other words , extinction of cockroaches would have a big impact on forest health and therefore indirectly on all the species that live there .
The professor also warned that the Earth 's 5,000 to 10,000 cockroach species are also an important source of food for many birds and small mammals like mice and rats .
In turn , these predators are themselves prey to many other species like cats , coyotes , wolves and reptiles , as well as eagles and other birds of prey .
Any cut to the number of roaches would thus have a cascading effect on the wellbeing of all these species that could have a devastating effect on wildlife across the world .
Of course , there's not much chance of a cockroach extinction level event happening any time soon .
Still , although it was once reckoned that they would be one of the few creatures to survive even a nuclear Third World War , that myth has since been debunked .
Read more :
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2163167/Stop-stamping-The-hated-cockroach-essential-planet-converting-nitrogen-fertiliser.html#ixzz1yjUp8Z00
Being socially active , eating a healthy diet , exercising and getting enough sleep also won't hurt .
" If I could leave any message , never stop learning . Period . That's it " ,
said Maurice Eisman , a centenarian who lives in Maryland .
Eisman was one of 100 centenarians questioned in a poll about the secrets of longevity .
Laughter and prayer were also important , along with staying connected to family and friends and keeping up with current events and gadgets .
Eight percent of centenarians said they had sent text or instant messages , compared to one percent last year .
And 12 percent are using iPods , four percent more than three years ago ,
Nearly 100,000 centenarians are living in the United States , and the number is expected to climb to more than 601,000 by 2050 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
" I think everybody should have something to say in what 's going on in their life and not just take everything for granted " , said Marie Keeler , 101 , from Minnesota .
White , the octogenarian star of a popular Super Bowl commercial , was the top choice of a dinner date for most of the centenarians .
She usurped actor Bill Cosby , who was the winner for the past two years .
Tiger Woods , who was the second most popular pick a year ago , did not make the list this year following revelations about his marital infidelities .
More than half of respondents said they would not invite Woods .
Bill Clinton , Michelle Obama and Sarah Palin were also favorites of the centenarians to invite for dinner .
Many centenarians said they kept up with popular culture by listening to music or videos through computers , and 11 percent said they had watched a video on YouTube .
Thirty percent said the recent recession was more severe than the Great Depression ,
40 percent walked or hiked every day
and one percent used Nintendo's Wii Fit .
Three quarters ate a healthy diet daily and nearly a third opted for organic foods .
Evercare , part of United Healthcare Medicare Solutions , is a care coordination program for older Americans .
World 's Fair in China
With more than 190 countries showing off their culture , architecture and technological prowess , the Expo 2010 Shanghai showcases China 's pre-eminence in the 21st century .
Above , visitors enjoy the night view of China Pavilion and Sunshine Valley .
Electrical Forest The illuminated rods inside the China Pavilion represent a bamboo forest .
Robo-Baby Visitors are greeted by an electronically animated giant baby named Miguel inside the Spain Pavilion .
Illumination The United Kingdom Pavilion houses the Seed Cathedral , which was designed by Thomas Heatherwick and contains 60,000 plant seeds kept in electric rods for preservation .
Portal Tourists walk through the Time Corridor in the Shanghai Corporate Joint Pavilion , also known as the Magic Cube , an eco-friendly building equipped with solar panels .
Wonderland Russia 's pavilion , its first in 30 years , features models of future cities based on the imagination of its children .
Thematic Harmony The theme of the Kyrgyzstan Pavilion is the peaceful coexistence of its nomadic people with nature .
Time Out Visitors take a respite outside the China Pavilion .
Bright Future Shanghai 's cityscape is visible from the Expo Garden , above .
Expo 2010 Shanghai will run through October 31 and is expected to draw at least 70 million visitors from around the world .
May 11 , 2010
Stabber killed by mob - Beijing
A MAN fatally stabbed three people in southern China on Tuesday and was then beaten to death by an angry mob ,
state media said , the latest in a spate of multiple killings that has shocked the country .
Yang Qingming , 37 , stabbed to death two middle-aged women and a three-year-old girl in a village in the southern region of Guangxi , the official Xinhua news agency reported .
He also wounded a six-year-old boy in the attack , the report said , without mentioning a possible motive .
The boy 's injuries were not life-threatening , it added .
Yang was then set upon by a mob as he attempted to flee and was beaten to death .
China has seen several deadly assaults in recent weeks , many targeting children .
AFP
He is 71 but has the energy of a man 30 years younger .
David Dimbleby , anchor of the BBC's election coverage , arrived for work on the morning of election day , started broadcasting at 10pm and continued until 4 pm on Friday .
Admittedly he did have a two-hour break at 6am but what kept him going for the remaining 16 hours on air ?
" Huge enthusiasm , a few sandwiches , some coffee  but not too much otherwise you have to go to the loo  and a lot of honey " , said one of the BBC election team .
Honey ? " Yes , it gives him energy and helps keep his voice going " .
Dimbleby has been the BBC's main anchor since the dawn of Thatcherism in 1979 .
That makes eight elections in a row .
He was back at the studio yesterday morning , having at least had a night's sleep at his Sussex farm .
At noon , bright-eyed and purple-tied , he was presenting a programme on the efforts to form a government .
Only Nick Robinson , the BBC's political editor , was on screen more over the past three days .
An irrepressible figure who usually works a 12-hour day regardless , was on air for 25 hours from 10pm on Thursday evening until 11pm on Friday .
" He thrives on adrenaline " .
Jeremy Paxman , interviewing MPs and political pundits in the election studio , put in an 18-hour shift from 10pm on Thursday .
Paxman , who turns 60 on Tuesday , had a few friendly spats with Dimbleby  the man he hopes eventually to succeed as the election night anchor .
But don't bet on that necessarily being at the next election .
The politicians themselves put in similarly long hours , of course , with Gordon Brown said to have snatched about two or three hours ' sleep on both Thursday and Friday night .
Attending the VE Day ceremony in Whitehall yesterday he looked exhausted .
Perhaps he will sleep better in a bed other than the one he has been occupying for the past three years in Downing Street .
The Geography of Chinese Power
How Far Can Beijing Reach on Land and at Sea ?
Summary :
Thanks to the country 's favorable location on the map , China 's inuence is expanding on land and at sea , from Central Asia to the South China Sea and from the Russian Far East to the Indian Ocean .
ROBERT D. KAPLAN is a Senior Fellow at the Center for a New American Security and a correspondent for The Atlantic .
His book Monsoon : The Indian Ocean and the Future of American Power will be published in the fall .
The English geographer Sir Halford Mackinder ended his famous 1904 article , " The Geographical Pivot of History " , with a disturbing reference to China .
After explaining why Eurasia was the geostrategic fulcrum of world power , he posited that the Chinese , should they expand their power well beyond their borders ,
" might constitute the yellow peril to the world 's freedom just because they would add an oceanic frontage to the resources of the great continent , an advantage as yet denied to the Russian tenant of the pivot region " .
Leaving aside the sentiment 's racism , which was common for the era , as well as the hysterics sparked by the rise of a non-Western power at any time , Mackinder had a point :
whereas Russia , that other Eurasian giant , basically was , and is still , a land power with an oceanic front blocked by ice , China , owing to a 9,000-mile temperate coastline with many good natural harbors , is both a land power and a sea power .
( Mackinder actually feared that China might one day conquer Russia ) .
China 's virtual reach extends from Central Asia , with all its mineral and hydrocarbon wealth , to the main shipping lanes of the Pacific Ocean .
Later , in Democratic Ideals and Reality , Mackinder predicted that along with the United States and the United Kingdom , China would eventually guide the world by " building for a quarter of humanity a new civilization , neither quite Eastern nor quite Western " .
I've seen a lot of angst over the past week about Facebook 's moves to open up your data to other applications .
To really understand how huge these changes are I had to get away from Silicon Valley and come and hang out with the geeks in Kinneret , Israel where famous VC Yossi Vardi is throwing an exclusive camp for geeks and successful business innovators .
To be sure , there is some fear and even a bit of hatred here of Facebook .
Let's detail that fear and hate :
1 . Facebook has broken an invisible privacy contract with its users .
Most of the geeks here say they expected Facebook to be about sharing photos , videos , and thoughts with friends and family .
But now their previously private data is showing up on Yelp , Pandora , and Spotify .
That wasn't expected by the users , so has generated quite a bit of discussion here .
2 . Facebook is very quickly painting the web with little like buttons and other social widgets .
One CEO I talked with , who asked me to keep his name and company name out of this article but who runs one of the top 50 websites according to Comscore and Compete.com , told me his company will add Facebook's likes next week .
He 's not the only one saying that .
My prediction that 30 of the top 100 Websites would incorporate Facebook's likes in the first few months might turn out to be very low , based on what I'm hearing in Israel .
But that does worry geeks here who are seeing that Facebook is very quickly getting their fingers ( and branding ) into a very large chunk of the web .
3 . I 'm sharing a room with one of Yahoo 's search strategists here at Kinnernet .
while he was n't able to tell me what direction Yahoo is going in ,
it's clear that Facebook has disrupted his thinking of where the world is going .
If Yahoo is feeling the disruption imagine what it must be like over at Google !
Facebook is studying metadata from all these likes and other behavior of ours and I believe is preparing new kinds of search and discovery services .
Facebook does n't need to " kill " Google to have quite an effect , either .
They just need to put a box around Google which would keep Google from growing .
What happens when Google can't grow the way it wants to ?
Flat stock prices and loss of ability to hire the best employees that comes with it .
Google is the new Microsoft , the geeks here say .
4 . The geeks here say that it is clear that Facebook is becoming a dramatically more important , and larger , company than they expected .
So , now , new business plans are being changed to account for Facebook 's new power and stance in the world .
So , why is it too late to regulate Facebook ?
Well , first of all , what can government do ?
1 . They can force Facebook to switch its defaults on its new Instant Personalization program , which is already being used by Yelp and Pandora ( you can see which music I listen to , for instance , on Pandora , and that feature got turned on automatically .
2 . They could fine Facebook for its behavior .
3 . They could call Mark Zuckerberg in front of Congress and call him nasty names .
But what else could the government do ?
Do you ?
So , why is it too late to regulate Facebook ?
1 . The damage is done .
Well , let 's assume they made them switch Instant Personalization to opt in .
Who cares ?
The damage is done .
My Pandora already has all your music shared with me .
Most Facebook members won't change their privacy settings from what they already are .
So , old users will keep sharing their music and
only new members will be asked to opt in to these new privacy-sharing features .
2 . The regulation will come too slowly .
Government never moves fast .
Even when it 's motivated .
So Zuckerberg has at least a few months to aggregate his power before Government slaps him on the hand .
Government is not going to be able to prevent that top 50 website from putting Facebook 's new features into its service .
Government will not keep me from using Pandora .
3 . The regulation will come after we get used to new privacy landscape .
Already I 'm finding I 'm getting used to the fact that you all can see my data and that I can see yours .
So , if Government comes along and tries to regulate that it will get pushback from me .
Why ?
Well , I actually like the new Pandora features .
I 'm finding a ton of cool music because Zuckerberg forced you to give up some of your privacy .
Users will get addicted to these new features and they won't take kindly to some government jerk taking away these new features .
4 . Giving Zuckerberg a fine will not change Facebook 's behavior .
If anything it will just push him to monetize these features more aggressively in order to pay the fine .
Just wait until Cocacola icons show up next to all those Facebooklike buttons .
Government taxation , which really is what fines are , might have a negative effect long term .
So , what can be done about Facebook ?
I don't see what we can do about Facebook .
Not enough people have changed their behaviors due to these changes .
I 'm watching and these features are VERY popular .
Even here in Israel , far from the hype bubble of Silicon Valley , all the geeks I talked with are impressed with the new features and many are already implementing them .
No one sees Facebook as less powerful or less interesting today than two weeks ago .
Shanghai stages largest pyrotechnics show of all time to open World Expo
Shanghai exploded almost 60,000 fireworks in the largest pyrotechnic show of all time last night to open the World Expo , a six-month show expected to draw 70 million visitors .
Almost two miles of the Huangpu river in the centre of the Chinese city were illuminated by a display that rivalled the launch of the Beijing Olympics two years ago .
The Expo opens to the public today , with pavilions from almost 200 countries designed to entertain the Chinese people and build business ties .
Shanghai has spent  35billion on building the site and carrying out extensive upgrades to its infrastructure .
However , after a rocky week of trial openings , Shanghai has already faced strong criticism from early visitors , who complained about the length of the queues at the site and the absence of any affordable food .
" It was not that fun , very inconvenient " , said one retired woman , who would only give her name as Mrs Cai .
The crush at many of the pavilions , coupled with the slippy pavements on the site in the rain , also left 500 people needing medical attention in the trial week .
Organisers at the site , which spans an area the size of 1,000 football pitches , said they had responded to the criticism by opening cheap food concessions and installing more rubbish bins , umbrellas for shade and benches .
However , the authorities have still censored internet forums , erasing thousands of critical comments .
The Expo has also been accompanied by an enormous security operation , with the local government determined to keep a grip on Shanghai for the six-month duration of the event .
As the city prepared for last night 's celebrations , locals living near the site were told to return to their homes in the early afternoon and stay at home
Residents were told that the best place to watch the extravaganza was at home , on television .
President Hu Jintao , who watched the spectacle from a special platform alongside Nicolas Sarkozy , the French president , and Lee Myung-bak , the president of South Korea , said he was confident the world would " witness a successful , splendid and unforgettable World Expo . "
Before the display , 10,000 VIPs were treated to a gala show starring Jackie Chan , the actor , Lang Lang , China ' s most prominent concert pianist , and Andrea Bocelli , the Italian opera singer .
Just after 9pm , the waters of the Huangpu were turned bright red by a combination of high-powered laser beams and 6,000 luminescent floating spheres .
The 500 speakers required the power of an entire district power plant .
Shanghai had previously promised to hold a restrained opening ceremony , appropriate for the austerity of a post- financial crisis world .
However , David Atkins , the Australian impresario who produced the show , said the organisers of the event were unable to contain their exuberance .
" That idea pretty much went out of the window " , he said .
Instead , 260ft fountains were shot from water jets before the entire night sky was turned to day by the brightness of the fireworks .
Mr Atkins said : " In terms of the amount of fireworks and the lasers , no one has ever done anything like it " .
The World Expo has been running since the Great Exhibition at Crystal Palace in London in 1851 and is designed to showcase all countries have to offer the world .
THE Chevrolet Volt , a compact , petrol-electric hybrid launched by GM a year ago , was already selling poorly before it emerged last month that its batteries had caught fire in crash tests .
GM is likely to fall several thousand short of its target of selling 10,000 Volts this year .
Despite subsidies , electric cars and hybrids ( which can run off batteries or a generator powered by an engine ) are shifting sluggishly .
The Volt 's battery problem should be fairly easy to fix .
But the profusion of hybrid and all-electric cars now hitting the roads faces a far bigger challenge .
Petrol- and diesel-engined vehicles are becoming much more fuel-efficient .
That means motorists will remain reluctant to pay a fat premium for a green car .
Between now and 2025 regulators in Europe , America and elsewhere plan to impose ever greater curbs on cars ' emissions of carbon dioxide ( or higher fuel efficiency , which has much the same effect . )
This is forcing carmakers to invest both in developing electrics and hybrids and in making the conventional engine cleaner .
Ricardo , an engineering consultancy , and Sanford Bernstein , an investment bank , have crunched a bunch of numbers on the technology race between conventional and green vehicles .
They conclude that petrol and diesel cars will keep closing the emissions gap ( see chart , ) while hybrids and , especially , electrics , will be more expensive to own for years to come .
The internal-combustion engine will still be king of the road in the early 2020s , when only a fifth of cars sold in Europe will be hybrid or electric .
America 's regulators are only now getting tough on fuel efficiency , so its cars are guzzling as much petrol as they did 20 years ago .
However , in Europe , which got strict sooner and where fuel is heavily taxed , petrol and diesel vehicles have become much cleaner .
The average new car sold in Britain now does 52.5 miles per gallon , up from 40.6mpg ten years ago .
Even so , says Neville Jackson of Ricardo , there remains much scope for improvement :
petrol and diesel cars still typically use less than a fifth of the energy stored in their fuel to turn the wheels .
It is simply a matter of cost .
Plenty more miles can be squeezed out of each gallon .
To meet a series of deadlines to cut emissions , carmakers are putting into their cheaper models all sorts of gear hitherto mostly seen on pricey high-performance cars :
turbochargers and superchargers ( which mean the engine can be smaller and more fuel-efficient , ) fancy fuel-injection systems and valve trains ; grilles with variable aerodynamics , and so on .
Next year Ford will offer a new Focus compact car in Europe , with a one-litre , three-cylinder engine that performs as well as the 1.6 litre , four-cylinder engine it replaces , yet uses about 20% less fuel .
Joe Bakaj , an engineer at Ford , says that even American buyers of the company 's F-150 pickups , who would normally scoff at anything with less than a V8 engine , are switching to a new V6 version that performs at least as well but drinks less fuel .
The analysis by Ricardo and Bernstein shows the carmakers are in a tight spot :
given motorists ' aversion to the cost of electrics and hybrids , the quickest route towards meeting the deadlines for cutting emissions is to invest heavily in cleaning up their petrol and diesel cars .
But to squeak past the finishing line they will still need a small proportion of hybrids and electrics .
So they will have to keep spending on designing these , without their reaching a level of sales that will make them profitable .
Stefanie Lang of Bernstein says this will force carmakers to work together on developing new technology :
Toyota , for example , has agreed to work with Ford on hybrid sport-utility vehicles and with BMW on both electric batteries and diesel engines .
Carmakers are also dabbling in battery leasing ( Renault ) and car-sharing ( Daimler ) as they seek ways to persuade motorists that electric cars are affordable .
Hybrids and electrics will be a drag on carmakers ' profits for years .
But they are a useful marketing tool .
GM has found that adding the hybrid Volt ( pictured ) to its model range is enticing into its showrooms the sort of young urban buyers who normally ignore Detroit-made cars .
Many balk at the Volt 's $ 32,000 price ( after a generous government subsidy , ) but some end up driving away in a petrol-engined car like the Cruze , costing around half as much .
When Brazilians first elected Luiz Incio Lula da Silva President in 2002 , the country 's robber barons nervously checked the fuel gauges on their private jets .
They had turned Brazil into one of the most inequitable places on earth , and now it looked like payback time .
Lula , 64 , was a genuine son of Latin America 's working class  in fact , a founding member of the Workers ' Party  who 'd once been jailed for leading a strike .
By the time Lula finally won the presidency , after three failed attempts , he was a familiar figure in Brazilian national life .
But what led him to politics in the first place ?
Was it his personal knowledge of how hard many Brazilians must work just to get by ?
Being forced to leave school after fifth grade to support his family ?
Working as a shoeshine boy ?
Losing part of a finger in a factory accident ?
No , it was when , at age 25 , he watched his wife Maria die during the eighth month of her pregnancy , along with their child , because they could n't afford decent medical care .
There's a lesson here for the world 's billionaires :
let people have good health care , and they 'll cause much less trouble for you .
And here's a lesson for the rest of us :
the great irony of Lula 's presidency  he was elected to a second term in 2006 and will serve through this year  is that even as he tries to propel Brazil into the First World with government social programs like Fome Zero ( Zero Starvation , ) designed to end hunger , and with plans to improve the education available to members of Brazil 's working class , the U.S. looks more like the old Third World every day .
What Lula wants for Brazil is what we used to call the American Dream .
We in the U.S. , by contrast , where the richest 1% now own more financial wealth than the bottom 95% combined , are living in a society that is fast becoming more like Brazil .
What Is the IQ of Your Project Team ?
As I think more and more about the nature of teams , at least within the context of Information Technology , I have started to consider the idea of a Team IQ .
What is the value of thinking of project teams in terms of Intelligence Quotient ?
The short answer is that it only makes sense if the concept of Team IQ helps your teams work better today , tomorrow and next year .
In other words , Team IQ is a way to evaluate whether or not team performance is something we are good at or not .
Several years ago , I came to the simple conclusion that an individual 's talents are only relevant within the team context when those talents are effectively expressed through the team .
In other words , individual talents do n't matter . Team talents matter .
If it 's a team comprised of one person , then it 's still the team that matters .
Here are some of the variables I would assess in a Team IQ :
Skills :
Does the team know how to work with the materials at hand for the project ?
If the project requires a particular technology , does the team know how to use the technology ?
This is often less important than all skills that follow , and may simply be a necessary given .
Ability to Learn :
Can the team pick up new skills ?
As the technology evolves , the ability to learn becomes more important than the ability to know .
In a team , individuals need to learn different things , but the team must be able to learn as a collective unit .
Experience :
Has the team been through projects together before ?
Have they faced adversity , failure , confusion , error , perceived success , real success ?
How well did the team respond to challenges and external forces ?
The danger with experience is that it often leads to disillusionment .
This requires energy to overcome .
Speed :
Can the team produce quickly ?
This one can cause trouble , because speed is often in conflict with good sense .
If we need something fast , are we willing to get it wrong and learn as we go ?
Communication :
How well can the team tell the story ?
How well can the team members keep to the script ?
How does the team go about changing the story ?
These are easy questions to ask but tough questions to answer .
This requires thought .
Unity :
We are better off wrong together than right apart .
When we are wrong together , we learn , laugh , and keep moving .
When we are right apart , we divide , snipe , and stall .
Curiosity :
Can we create a " what if " mind set ?
Can we set aside our assumptions and ask questions that do not have a preconceived answer ?
Are we able to discover new things and rethink what we already know ?
Openness :
How well do we let in outside people and outside ideas ?
Are we able to go outside ourselves and look for what 's out there ?
Can we get out of the glass tower ?
Some teams are assigned to rote work , and others are assigned to creative work .
Either way , I would not give skills more than a weighting factor of 20% .
Demian is the CTO of Innotas .
As founder and CEO , Entrekin oversaw marketing , product development , sales and services for the company .
Today , he focuses on strategic product direction .
Prior to Innotas , Entrekin co-founded Convoy Corporation and was Chief Architect of its initial products .
In that role , Entrekin helped the company lead the middleware market with an annual growth rate of 670 percent and played an instrumental role in Convoy 's subsequent acquisition by New Era Networks in 1999 .
As a recognized thought leader in Project Portfolio Management , Entrekin has published numerous papers on PPM and his blog ( PPM Today ) explores current issues related to successful PPM implementation .
During his 18 year career , Demian has assumed leadership roles as a consultant and as an entrepreneur , delivering commercial and corporate database applications .
Demian holds a B.A. in English from UCLA and an M.A. in English from San Francisco State University .
A few simple exercises can get you through these endurance tests feeling stronger and more energized than ever .
A Wedding Reception , A night of dancing can be loads of fun , but if you're not used to it , those hours wearing dressy shoes can leave you sore the next day .
" You lose fat under the ball of your foot with age , so wear shoes with extra cushioning " , advises Suzanne M. Levine , D.P.M. , a New York City podiatric surgeon .
In the days leading up to the event , strengthen and stretch your legs and feet with the following daily exercises :
While placing your hand on a wall or a banister , step on a stair with the balls of your feet only , letting your heels hang off the step . Slowly lower both heels . Hold for 20 seconds , then repeat .
Throughout the day , periodically pretend you're pushing a gas pedal up and down .
A long layover at the airport Instead of sitting and waiting for your connecting flight , try walking briskly through the airport , says Mark Nutting , fitness director of Saco Sport and Fitness in Saco , Maine .
" If you have 30 minutes , you can get in a whole workout " .
Once you've warmed up your muscles , try these seated stretches :
Sit near the edge of a chair and extend one leg in front of you , toes pointed up .
Bend forward slightly at the hip , keeping your back straight , until you feel a slight stretch in your hamstrings .
Hold for 20 seconds , then repeat with the opposite leg .
While seated , cross your right leg over your left with your right ankle resting on your left knee in a figure-4 position .
Gently push down your right knee until you feel a stretch in your right hip .
Hold for 20 seconds .
repeat .
An Extended Road Trip Spending hours in a car can be painful if you don't take some precautionary measures before leaving home .
First , make sure the driver 's seat is at a 90-degree angle  not tipped back  to prevent your head from tilting forward , and that both you and your passenger have plenty of legroom .
Also , don't sit on your wallet , as that can irritate the sciatic nerve .
And allow extra time for breaks , says Christopher Travers , an exercise physiologist with the Cleveland Clinic .
Try these hip and back stretches at each rest stop :
In a lunge position , place your right foot on a bench or a step at knee height , and place both hands , palms down , on your right knee , keeping your left leg straight .
Lean in slightly , hold for 20 seconds , then repeat with the opposite leg .
While standing , raise your arms above your head , clasping your fingers together .
Look up at your hands . Hold for 20 seconds , then relax .
In any case , experience suggests that market-based emission controls work .
Our recent history with acid rain shows as much .
The Clean Air Act of 1990 introduced a cap-and-trade system in which power plants could buy and sell the right to emit sulfur dioxide , leaving it up to individual companies to manage their own business within the new limits .
Sure enough , over time sulfur-dioxide emissions from power plants were cut almost in half , at a much lower cost than even optimists expected ;
electricity prices fell instead of rising .
Acid rain did not disappear as a problem , but it was significantly mitigated .
The results , it would seem , demonstrated that we can deal with environmental problems when we have to .
So there we have it , right ?
The emission of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases is a classic negative externality  the " biggest market failure the world has ever seen " , in the words of Nicholas Stern , the author of a report on the subject for the British government .
Textbook economics and real-world experience tell us that we should have policies to discourage activities that generate negative externalities and that it is generally best to rely on a market-based approach .
Climate of Doubt ?
This is an article on climate economics , not climate science .
But before we get to the economics , it's worth establishing three things about the state of the scientific debate .
The first is that the planet is indeed warming .
Weather fluctuates , and as a consequence .
It's easy enough to point to an unusually warm year in the recent past , note that it's cooler now and claim , " See , the planet is getting cooler , not warmer " !
But if you look at the evidence the right way  taking averages over periods long enough to smooth out the fluctuations  the upward trend is unmistakable :
each successive decade since the 1970s has been warmer than the one before .
Second , climate models predicted this well in advance , even getting the magnitude of the temperature rise roughly right .
While it's relatively easy to cook up an analysis that matches known data , it is much harder to create a model that accurately forecasts the future .
So the fact that climate modelers more than 20 years ago successfully predicted the subsequent global warming gives them enormous credibility .
Yet that's not the conclusion you might draw from the many media reports that have focused on matters like hacked e-mail and climate scientists ' talking about a " trick " to " hide " an anomalous decline in one data series or expressing their wish to see papers by climate skeptics kept out of research reviews .
The truth , however , is that the supposed scandals evaporate on closer examination , revealing only that climate researchers are human beings , too .
Yes , scientists try to make their results stand out , but no data were suppressed .
Yes , scientists dislike it when work that they think deliberately obfuscates the issues gets published .
What else is new ?
Nothing suggests that there should not continue to be strong support for climate research .
And this brings me to my third point : models based on this research indicate that if we continue adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere as we have , we will eventually face drastic changes in the climate .
Let 's be clear .
We're not talking about a few more hot days in the summer and a bit less snow in the winter ;
we 're talking about massively disruptive events , like the transformation of the Southwestern United States into a permanent dust bowl over the next few decades .
Now , despite the high credibility of climate modelers , there is still tremendous uncertainty in their long-term forecasts .
But as we will see shortly , uncertainty makes the case for action stronger , not weaker .
So climate change demands action .
Is a cap-and-trade program along the lines of the model used to reduce sulfur dioxide the right way to go ?
Serious opposition to cap and trade generally comes in two forms :
an argument that more direct action  in particular , a ban on coal-fired power plants  would be more effective and an argument that an emissions tax would be better than emissions trading .
( Let 's leave aside those who dismiss climate science altogether and oppose any limits on greenhouse-gas emissions , as well as those who oppose the use of any kind of market-based remedy ) .
There's something to each of these positions , just not as much as their proponents think .
When it comes to direct action , you can make the case that economists love markets not wisely but too well , that they are too ready to assume that changing people's financial incentives fixes every problem .
In particular , you can't put a price on something unless you can measure it accurately , and that can be both difficult and expensive .
So sometimes it's better simply to lay down some basic rules about what people can and cannot do .
Consider auto emissions , for example .
Could we or should we charge each car owner a fee proportional to the emissions from his or her tailpipe ?
Surely not .
You would have to install expensive monitoring equipment on every car , and you would also have to worry about fraud .
It's almost certainly better to do what we actually do , which is impose emissions standards on all cars .
Is there a comparable argument to be made for greenhouse-gas emissions ?
My initial reaction , which I suspect most economists would share , is that the very scale and complexity of the situation requires a market-based solution , whether cap and trade or an emissions tax .
After all , greenhouse gases are a direct or indirect byproduct of almost everything produced in a modern economy , from the houses we live in to the cars we drive .
Reducing emissions of those gases will require getting people to change their behavior in many different ways , some of them impossible to identify until we have a much better grasp of green technology .
So can we really make meaningful progress by telling people specifically what will or will not be permitted ?
Econ 101 tells us  probably correctly  that the only way to get people to change their behavior appropriately is to put a price on emissions so this cost in turn gets incorporated into everything else in a way that reflects ultimate environmental impacts .
When shoppers go to the grocery store , for example , they will find that fruits and vegetables from farther away have higher prices than local produce , reflecting in part the cost of emission licenses or taxes paid to ship that produce .
When businesses decide how much to spend on insulation , they will take into account the costs of heating and air-conditioning that include the price of emissions licenses or taxes for electricity generation .
When electric utilities have to choose among energy sources , they will have to take into account the higher license fees or taxes associated with fossil-fuel consumption . And so on down the line .
A market-based system would create decentralized incentives to do the right thing , and that's the only way it can be done .
That said , some specific rules may be required .
James Hansen , the renowned climate scientist who deserves much of the credit for making global warming an issue in the first place , has argued forcefully that most of the climate-change problem comes down to just one thing , burning coal , and that whatever else we do , we have to shut down coal burning over the next couple decades .
My economist 's reaction is that a stiff license fee would strongly discourage coal use anyway .
But a market-based system might turn out to have loopholes  and their consequences could be dire .
So I would advocate supplementing market-based disincentives with direct controls on coal burning .
What about the case for an emissions tax rather than cap and trade ?
There's no question that a straightforward tax would have many advantages over legislation like Waxman-Markey , which is full of exceptions and special situations .
of course an idealized emissions tax looks better than a cap-and-trade system that has already passed the House with all its attendant compromises .
But that' s not really a useful comparison :
The question is whether the emissions tax that could actually be put in place is better than cap and trade .
There is no reason to believe that it would be  indeed , there is no reason to believe that a broad-based emissions tax would make it through Congress .
To be fair , Hansen has made an interesting moral argument against cap and trade , one that's much more sophisticated than the old view that it's wrong to let polluters buy the right to pollute .
What Hansen draws attention to is the fact that in a cap-and-trade world , acts of individual virtue do not contribute to social goals .
If you choose to drive a hybrid car or buy a house with a small carbon footprint , all you are doing is freeing up emissions permits for someone else , which means that you have done nothing to reduce the threat of climate change .
He has a point .
But altruism cannot effectively deal with climate change .
Any serious solution must rely mainly on creating a system that gives everyone a self-interested reason to produce fewer emissions .
It 's a shame , but climate altruism must take a back seat to the task of getting such a system in place .
The bottom line , then , is that while climate change may be a vastly bigger problem than acid rain , the logic of how to respond to it is much the same .
What we need are market incentives for reducing greenhouse-gas emissions  along with some direct controls over coal use  and cap and trade is a reasonable way to create those incentives .
Apple CEO Steve Jobs on Thursday said 200,000 applications are available in his company's mobile app store - and they all benefit because they're not built in Flash .
In a post on Apple's website , Jobs listed reasons none of those apps support Flash , a format that supports video , animation , games and other content and is made by tech competitor Adobe .
Some tech bloggers have criticized Apple for not supporting Flash on its mobile devices , including the iPad , iPhone and iPod .
But Jobs said Adobe Flash is a format for the past .
Performance , not business strategy , guides Apple's decision not to use the format , he said .
" Flash was created during the PC era  for PCs and mice " , he wrote in the post .
" Flash is a successful business for Adobe , and we can understand why they want to push it beyond PCs .
But the mobile era is about low power devices , touch interfaces and open web standards  all areas where Flash falls short " .
Adobe has complained its business " could be harmed " by Apple's decision not to use the format .
Jobs listed several specific reasons Apple doesn't use Flash .
Some of the more interesting ones :
" iPhone , iPod and iPad users aren't missing much video " , he wrote .
Apple products run more reliably without Flash : " Flash is the number one reason Macs crash " .
Flash isn't made for touch-screen devices : " Many Flash websites rely on ' rollovers ' , which pop up menus or other elements when the mouse arrow hovers over a specific spot " . Apple's touch screens don't use rollovers .
And , most important , Jobs said , is that Flash slows down app development :
" We cannot be at the mercy of a third party deciding if and when they will make our enhancements available to our developers " .
American Express Business Travel has teamed with WorldMate to broaden the travel management company's mobile offerings .
Amex has agreed to integrate WorldMate's premium services into the TMC's overall mobile platform for corporate clients and their business travelers , WorldMate says .
The WorldMate integration supplements other itinerary management services which Amex offers through Rearden Commerce .
The WorldMate itinerary services will be available to Amex-connected road warriors on Blackberrys and other mobile devices , WorldMate says .
The fee-based premium services , which WorldMate brands as its Gold membership product , include automatic itinerary synchronization ;
flight alerts with suggested alternatives , when necessary ;
the ability to share itineraries with fellow employees , itinerary integration with a mapping and navigation application ; and social-networking tools .
The Amex version of the WorldMate premium service also includes one-click access to Amex travel counselors .
There is some overlap between the WorldMate product and other itinerary-management services which Amex offers to its clients through Rearden Commerce .
The Rearden Mobile Personal Assistant , which Amex is offering to its clients regardless of which corporate booking tools they support , syncs itineraries with passenger name records ( PNRs , ) faciliates mobile check-in , and provides travel alerts , dining search and reservations , flight search and weather information .
Corporations apparently are pressuring their TMCs to get onboard with mobile solutions that will enable business travelers to better-manage their trips while adhering to corporate travel policies .
As Amex gets its mobile-platform act together , it apparently is giving corporations an array of choices  including Rearden and WorldMate  for various itinerary services
Thus , slowly , global TMCs are picking mobile-solutions partners .
WorldMate rival , TripIt , revealed a BCD Travel partnership for itinerary services in August 2009 .
" We exist " !
The crowd in Moscow chanted .
Even protesters in Russia have a literary and philosophical flair .
They also have courage .
Over the past decade , political opponents of Vladimir Putin's regime have been harassed , imprisoned , tortured and killed .
But still , these men and women took to the streets , marching in the Russian winter , asking for the same things protesters around the globe have been asking for--dignity , inclusion , participation and freedom .
Can they succeed in Russia ?
The conditions that led to the Arab Spring were various .
But chief among them was a sense of alienation and exclusion from the political and economic power structures of the country .
That sense is strong in Russia today .
According to a survey by the Levada Center , 52 % of Russians believe corruption among the country's leadership is higher now than it was even in the 1990s .
( In 2007 only 16 % of respondents felt this way ) .
The Arab Spring was also about connectivity .
A young , restive population with access to social media and other technologies was able to see the outside world and understand its own backward condition .
Russia has an aging and shrinking population , but the protesters in Moscow include many young urbanites connected to the world with all the new information technologies .
Russia also has another crucial component that was part of the Arab revolt :
economic growth that created a new middle class and , with it , rising expectations .
In Egypt and Tunisia , the economy had been growing for several years before protests began , and liberalization had opened new industries and sectors to the world .
In Russia , per capita GDP almost doubled from 1998 to 2010 ( in constant dollars . )
That is why Putin has been popular for years .
Of course , the Russian economy was lifted up less by reform and more by high oil prices ( now topping $ 100 per barrel , ) which empower not Russian society but the Russian state .
The great drama of Russian history has been between its state and society .
Put simply , Russia has always had too much state and not enough society .
Historians have pointed out that the Russian nation was literally the property of the Czar , that serfs were more like slaves than simply peasant workers and that the country lacked any institutions that contested the authority of the government .
The communist takeover only enhanced these features by building a superstate that dominated every aspect of people's lives .
When it collapsed in 1991 , it turned out there was only chaos underneath .
But there has always been a Russian civil society , small but vibrant , espousing universal values and human rights .
It is the Russia of Tolstoy and Pasternak , Sakharov and Gorbachev , and it has always believed that Russia's destiny lies with the West .
This Russia has not died under Putin .
In fact , it's been growing quietly but vigorously over the past decade .
In an article in Columbia University's Journal of International Affairs , Debra Javeline and Sarah Lindemann-Komarova describe a Russia in which civil society is having an increasingly large impact .
There are more than 650,000 nongovernmental organizations in Russia today .
Many of these groups are not overtly political , but they challenge governmental authority and decisions--on environmental grounds , for example -- and sometimes they prevail .
Of course , the Russian state is still powerful , dominant and pervasive in politics and the economy .
Despite all the stirrings of change , the power of the state , expertly wielded by Putin , should give one pause .
It is not just that Putin has been able to reconstitute some of the apparatus of fear from the Soviet days . It's also about money .
The Russian state has at its disposal the greatest natural resources of any country in the world :
oil , gas , diamonds , nickel , copper , aluminum .
Those riches give the government the ability to both repress and bribe its population .
Consider this fact .
Despite the sweep and force of the Arab Spring , it has not produced political change in a single oil-rich country .
The revolution started in the deserts of the Maghreb in Tunisia .
Morocco was quickly swept along .
But right next door sits Algeria , more repressive than either of them and yet untouched by protests .
It might be called an Arab Spring , but the discontent began a year and a half earlier in a non-Arab country , Iran , when the Green movement took to the streets .
But the Iranian regime , which buys support with patronage and represses with its paramilitary , persists .
The oil-rich Gulf states have also survived the winds of change -- even in Bahrain , where the opposition enjoys strong support .
The Soviet Union fell when oil prices dropped to around $ 20 a barrel .
If they were to drop again , as some predict , Russia's state would lose its greatest asset .
And if Russia's civil society can produce even modest change against these odds , it will rewrite history .
bamboo furniture system is part of the selection of indian contemporary design production in designboom&amp;apos ; curated exhibition &amp; apos ; asia_now&amp;apos ; ,
a show at dwell on design in los angeles , in june 25 - 27 , 2010 . &amp; apos ;
book shelf&amp;apos ; &amp; apos ; truss me&amp;apos ; is a sustainable furniture system developed my indian designer sandeep sangaru .
designboom promotes the use of bamboo in the fields of architecture and design and we asked sandeep to document his ongoing bamboo project for our readers .
the concept behind the collection explores new construction possibilities with solid bamboo poles - strictus dendocalmus - and splits , using modular forms and lamination joints for new applications .
enjoy ! &amp; apos ; book shelf&amp;apos ; rendering the strong fibers of bamboo can withstand compression and tensile loads .
using the properties of the fibers , &amp; apos ; truss me&amp;apos ; was developed on a technique of splitting and laminating the poles with another strip of split bamboo .
when the glue cures , the laminated module acts like a truss .
different configurations of &amp; apos ; book shelf&amp;apos ; wall hung &amp; apos ; book shelf&amp;apos ; &amp; apos ; book shelf&amp;apos ; demonstrating the stability of the book shelf the &amp; apos ;
truss me&amp;apos ; protoypes were developed with the help of a group of artisans in the village of sankhela , tripura , india , a region which has an abundant bamboo resource , cultivated in organized plantations by local farmers .
all of the products are completely handcrafted .
the components used for construction are modular and repetitive , and can be produced in batches by a group of craftsmen .
the equipment involved for production are basic hand tools .
through a modular system of jigs , fixtures and templates , the construction elements were quickly realized and also maintained a formal consistency and quality to the individual components .
the furniture has been designed to use locally resourced bamboo and skills in a sustainable fashion .
adjusting the jigs modules being laminated each piece is handmade by local craftsmen &amp; apos ;
sofa&amp;apos ; and &amp; apos ; bookshelf&amp;apos ; framework of the sofa prototype , testing the sofa prototype &amp; apos ; chair&amp;apos ; process work of &amp; apos ; truss me&amp;apos ; chair &amp; apos ; square stool&amp;apos ; measurements and modules ready for construction, basic construction module, demonstration of load bearing qualities technical drawings of the various modular forms &amp; apos ; truss me&amp;apos ; collection the various configurations and pieces
3 Ways Internet Of Things Works On Your Phone
When it comes to modern mobile , we don't need to focus so much on what can be done in the future as much as what can be done right now .
At a recent Google summit on wireless sensors , Deborah Estin , director of the Center for Embedded Network Sensing at UCLA spoke of three simple ways our phones already work the way the future Internet of Things will work .
IoT Waste Management The first project Estin explained is about how UCLA investigated garbage on campus by getting students to use their phones to take pictures of garbage cans , then geo-tagging and loading images to Flickr .
With this system the school learned where it needed more trash and recycling bins , as well as how the flow of garbage changed over the academic year .
IoT for Personal Health Using a phone to track what you eat is not exciting or futuristic .
Yet what if that data was working for you online and it suggested nearby locations for healthy food it knew you liked ?
This project currently only exists as a way for your phone to regularly ask what you eat and then store the information online in a secure way .
But in time your phone will read RFID tags so you can be alerted to stores that feature foods tailored to your dietary needs .
IoT for Environmental Hazards The third project gathers your daily location data and cross references it with air pollution reports .
As air pollution monitoring in the Los Angeles Basin becomes more sophisticated , so too does your awareness of your own health .
This system of data gathering is what Estin calls a Personal Environmental Impact Report .
This leads to more accurate data to review with your doctor if you're in need of diagnosis or treatment .
Wednesday , April 28 , 2010 , 2 : 58pm Hewlett-Packard buying Palm for $ 1.2B SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS TIMES - BY Steven E.F. Brown Computer and printer maker Hewlett-Packard Co . intends to buy Palm Inc . for $ 1.2 billion .
Palo Alto-based HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) will pay $ 5.70 per share in cash for Sunnyvale's Palm ( NASDAQ :
Though Palm scored early successes in the smartphone and mobile device market after its birth in 1992 -- for a time , " Palm Pilot " was a phrase everyone knew -- it has long since been hammered down by local rival Apple Inc .
( NASDAQ : AAPL ) with the iPhone and Canadian rival Research In Motion Inc . ' s ( NASDAQ : RIMM ) BlackBerry .
Earlier this month , news rumors said Palm was looking for a buyer and had hired consultants to help .
Back then , Lenovo Group Ltd . in China and HTC Corp . in Taiwan were thought likely buyers .
Boards of directors at both businesses have approved this deal .
HP said it took the most recent financial guidance from Palm -- released publicly today -- into account in its proposal .
regulators in the United States and elsewhere as well as Palm's stockholders have to bless it .
regulators in the United States and elsewhere as well as Palm's stockholders have to bless it .
HP thinks it can wrap up the deal by the end of July .
Sandwich panels comprising two metal facings and a polyisocyanurate ( PIR ) rigid foam core have been used for years to thermally insulate large warehouses , cold stores and other industrial buildings .
But now , engineers at Bayer Material Science have developed a more environmentally compatible PIR foam that they claim has clear benefits over established systems , especially in terms of the smoke it develops when burnt .
Metal-faced sandwich panels based on the new product have been shown to achieve a B-s1,d0 classification in the DIN EN 13823 Single Burning Item ( SBI ) test , with s1 representing the lowest class of smoke that is developed and d0 indicating that no flaming droplets are produced .
In recent years , the SBI test has become a standard requirement in Europe for the fire and smoke behaviour of building components .
For example , the new European standard for sandwich panels  DIN EN 14509  also uses SBI-based tests for fire classification purposes .
PIR metal-faced sandwich panels can be manufactured on continuous laminators . The PIR reaction mix is first laid down on one metal facing . It foams and immediately bonds with the second facing , which is applied from above .
In this way , the rigid foam core is bonded to the two facings in a shear-resistant manner .
The finished sandwich panels are self supporting , strong and relatively light .
' The B-s1,d0 classification enables our customers to undertake construction projects that are subject to stringent requirements in terms of components ' fire and smoke behaviour and where it was previously essential to use inorganic core materials based on mineral wool to achieve smoke class s1 ' , said Harald Wolf , head of marketing for the Europe , Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) region at BaySystems Insulation . '
The new development creates an additional market segment for polyurethane-based metal-faced sandwich panels . '
Dr Rolf Roers , who is responsible for metal composites in Bayer MaterialScience's applications engineering division , added :
' It goes without saying that the PIR core is not the only factor enabling this classification to be achieved in the SBI test .
The sandwich panel must also have an appropriate joint structure .
Nevertheless , tests have shown that a B-s1,d0 classification is possible if the chemical composition and panel structures are ideally matched ' .
The insulating effect of PIR foams is much better than that of mineral wool .
For example , a 10cm-thick layer of PIR has a heat transfer coefficient of around 0.25W/m2K , whereas the value for equally thick mineral wool insulation is normally just 0.4W/m2K.
A rough estimate of what this difference means in terms of energy consumption can be made based on the example of a factory building .
' Assuming a building has a floor area of 40 x 20m 2 and is 10m high , the annual amount of heating oil saved could be roughly 3,000 litres if both the walls and the roof are insulated with PIR metal-faced sandwich panels , rather than panels of the same thickness based on mineral wool ' , said Roers .
April 28 , 2010 Children Playing in Rain , India Photograph by Jashim Salam , Your Shot This Month in Photo of the Day :
Nature and Environment Children playing in seasonal rains are a great sight of monsoon and six seasons here in Bangladesh .
The effect of climate change is making this rare as less or more rain is causing great disturbances around the country .
Heavy rain causes floods and landslides , and makes millions homeless and takes the lives of many others .
The climate should behave like normal for our future children to play like this in monsoon rains , and people must take responsibility to reduce pollution and save our world .
This photo and caption were submitted to Your Shot .
Have a great shot ?
Send it to us for possible publication in National Geographic magazine .
May 10 , 2010 Venice Carnival Photograph by Mariusz Smiejek , My Shot This Month in Photo of the Day :
Travel Carnival revelers take a break at one of Venice's countless sidewalk cafes .
As European influences continue to trickle in from the north , Italy is experiencing a reinvention across its large cities .
However , as home to the eternal city of Rome and some of the world's greatest art and architecture , the country still clings to the roots that have provided the region's lifeblood for centuries .
See more photos of Italy .
The natural beauty of Taiwan 's Taroko National Park
With friendly people , great food , and a number of attractions , Taiwan is a destination that should be on every tourist 's travel plans for 2011 .
What should really persuade potential tourists to visit are Taiwan 's natural attractions , with the Taroko National Park near Hualien getting top billing .
Here are some of the park 's top spots .
A view of the Taroko Gorge .
The Taroko Gorge is a spectacular 19-kilometer long canyon in Taiwan 's east coast  a short drive from Hualien .
The climate is usually cool and humid , but again perfect for any of the trekking options at any of the long or short trails available , biking or whitewater rafting .
It 's just over 60 kilometers from the coast , yet it is home to some of the highest peaks in Taiwan at over 3,400 meters .
It can be easily visited by bus , car or scooter and has enough treks to keep you busy for several days , but most people usually only visit it on one .
How to get there ?
Taroko Gorge is close to Hualien , so an early morning start is recommended .
That is unless it 's raining or you 're traveling with kids , in which case I recommend renting a scooter .
Be aware that most of the rental agencies will ask for an International Driver 's License ,
and the drive from Hualien to the Gorge will take about 30 minutes along a beautiful and dangerous road snaking next to the Liwu River .
Beaches near Taroko Gorge .
Head to the beach for a great end to your day .
One of the best ways to call off a day at the gorge is by heading to any of the great nearby beaches :
Hualien beach , picture-perfect QiXingtan beach ( reachable along the bike trail from Hualien too ) or Jici beach for those who want to hit the surf when in season .
Tunnels , shrines and waterfalls Pilgrimage at the Taroko Gorge .
More Taroko National Park highlights include the Tunnel of 9 Turns ( a man-made pedestrian-only tunnel that follows the river offering dramatic views ) , a dip in the Eternal Springs Shine during the unbearably hot summer months , a walk up the steps to Hsiang-Te temple and getting wet in the Water Curtain Tunnels along the trail to Baiyang Waterfall ( currently closed due to landslide danger ) .
For more information please visit the Taroko National Park website .
About the author :
Whether riding a camel in the desert of Tunisia , an elephant in the jungles of Thailand or mingling with Uros of lake Titikaka in Bolivia , Federico is a world traveler who has visited more than 80 countries in five continents .
Get travel tips , read about his latest adventures or contact him through his travel blog .
Federico submitted this piece as part of CNNGo's CityPulse section .
To find out what other stories we are looking for , go to our CityPulse page .
The equivalent of almost 270,000 trees is either flushed or dumped in landfills everyday and roughly 10 percent of that total is attributable to toilet paper , according to the latest issue of World Watch magazine .
" Meanwhile , growing populations , adoption of Western lifestyles , and sanitation improvements in developing countries are driving the increased use of toilet paper , " the magazine added .
" The result is that forests in both the global North and South are under assault by paper companies competing to fill consumer demand " .
" Steadily increasing demand for toilet paper in developing countries is a critical factor in the impact that toilet paper manufacturer have on forests around the world " , says author Noelle Robbins in a World watch Institute news release .
" And with the increasing pressure to reduce and discontinue the use of old growth forests , the move is on to tree plantations " .
But according to Robbins , this cure could be worse than the disease , World watch said .
" While the paper industry often touts plantations as the solution to creating an ongoing supply of virgin pulp and fiber ,
these monocultures often displace indigenous plant and animal life , require tremendous amounts of chemical pesticides and fertilizers , and soak up large quantities of water . "
While some toilet paper manufacturers rely on forests , others turn to trash cans for their raw materials .
" Advocates of recycled toilet paper point out that converting virgin pulp to toilet paper requires more water than recycled paper and makes use of the tons of already used paper that fills landfills .
Various estimates place the quantity of waste paper tossed into U.S. dumps and landfills at 35-40 percent of total landfilled mass . "
" Toilet tissue , whether manufactured from virgin pulp or recycled paper , will continue to be an important part of daily life in Western countries and in developing countries emphasizing improved sanitation to mitigate health concerns . " Robbins said .
Education of consumers ; improvements in quality , pricing , and marketing recycled products ; and willingness to consider toilet paper alternatives such as water for cleansing must be pursued to meet the needs of a growing global population .
Read the article " Flushing Forests " The World watch Institute is a Washington, D.C.-based independent research organization that provides fact-based analysis of critical global issues .
The Institute 's three main program areas include Climate &amp; Energy , Food &amp; Agriculture , and the Green Economy .
-- Posted by David Braun
Companies are expected to report another round of strong profits for the first quarter , but the biggest gains may be in the rearview mirror .
Corporate profits are coming back .
The only question is for how long .
Even pessimistic investors expect strong results from U.S. companies when Alcoa ( AA ) kicks off first-quarter earnings season on Apr. 12 .
" This quarter 's profits are going to look quite robust . " Palantir Fund portfolio manager Tom Samuels says .
even as he predicts a downturn for profits and the economy later this year .
Analysts surveyed by Bloomberg predict first-quarter earnings for the large-cap Standard &amp; Poor 's 500-stock index will rise an average of 31.7 % from a year earlier .
In a sign the economy is rebounding from the Great Recession of 2008 and 2009 , sales are projected to rise 10.5 % .
Companies revealing results from the first three months of 2010 have a lot going for them .
They slashed costs and are benefiting from a U.S. economy that grew 5.6 % in the last quarter of 2009 .
Action Economics expects U.S. gross domestic product to rise another 2.5 % in the first quarter of 2010 .
Most of all , corporate results will look great when compared with a year earlier , when , as Samuels says , " we were in the grip of that last panic move down in the markets . "
Recovery in Profits With the recession over , it will become easier for U.S. companies to generate profits , says J.J. Schenkelberg , portfolio manager at CLS Investments in Omaha .
Outside of the financial sector , she says , " we 're not too far away from normal . "
The recovery in profits has been rapid , with S&amp;P 500 earnings increasing 98.5 % in the last quarter of 2009 .
" A lot of companies are back to the profit levels that existed back in the 2007 peak " , says Brad Thompson , fund manager at Frost Investment Advisors in San Antonio .
Apple is a leading example .
When it posts results on Apr. 20 , Apple is expected to report a 37 % growth in earnings per share and a 31 % rise in sales .
Analysts expect Wal-Mart which reports May 18 , to post a 9.9 % increase in earnings and a 4.4 % rise in revenue .
A year earlier , the world 's largest retailer saw sales fall 0.7 % and managed only a 1.3 % increase in earnings .
According to Bloomberg , the biggest rebound will come from the materials sector , which analysts expect to boost earnings from $ 1.69 billion to $ 4.98 billion , a 195 % rise .
Of the 10 major sectors of the S&amp;P 500 , only telecommunications and utilities are expected to see earnings fall , by 4.2 % and 1.6 % respectively .
Market Reaction Despite the good earnings news , Wall Street won't necessarily be celebrating .
" While investors might not be overly disappointed by earnings , they may once again be disappointed by the market's reaction " , Barclays Capital head of U.S. equity strategy Barry Knapp wrote in an Apr. 1 report .
He noted that share prices fell in the first three to four weeks of the last two earnings seasons , even as earnings surpassed analyst estimates .
Investors may be cautious because stocks have already risen quickly .
With the S&amp;P 500 up 42.3 % in the past 12 months , stocks are at " fairly full valuation " .
Even as profits rise , she says , " we run the risk of there coming a time when actual results can't meet expectations " .
Another reason investors may ignore strong results is that many believe the profit rebound is only temporary .
" The consensus view is that all the improvements in corporate earnings and the economy are illusory " , says Phil Orlando , chief equity market strategist at Federated Investors .
He believes the economic recovery can sustain itself ,
but many others believe that the rebound has been built on stimulus from the federal government  " and the whole thing is going to roll over and die in the second half of the year " , he says .
Palantir 's Samuels warns that " there really has been little if any structural repair of the economy " .
Look more closely at this season 's financial-sector earnings for an example , he says .
Financial Earnings Analysts expect the entire S&amp;P 500 financial sector to boost net income by $ 5.16 billion , a 28.3 % rebound from the depressed levels of a year earlier .
But 32 of the 79 companies in the sector are expected to report lower profits .
Within the financial sector , bank and real estate profits are expected to fall , while net income for insurance and diversified financial companies is expected to rise .
Samuels says he will be looking " under the surface " at financial earnings .
If many financial companies are still showing weakness , " that is a good indication that all is not well " , he says .
Sales at consumer discretionary companies will also demonstrate how much consumers have returned to stores , he says .
Even if the economic recovery can continue , analysts may be too optimistic about results in the future , says Frost 's Thompson .
According to Bloomberg , analysts predict S&amp;P 500 earnings to rise 28.3 % in 2010 and another 20.5 % in 2011 , when projected earnings of $ 687.8 billion should top 2006 's record haul of $ 628.8 billion .
" We 're going to get a peak in economic momentum this year " , Thompson says , arguing 2011 expectations are too high .
By next year , profits will be sapped by higher tax rates and higher commodity and labor costs , he says .
This earnings season is " going to be a home run " , Federated 's Orlando says .
But it is unlikely to end the debate between bulls and bears over the strength of the economic recovery .
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
That 's more than a folksy aphorism when it comes to infectious diseases .
Because according to a report in the Proceedings of the Royal Society , it 's more cost effective to reduce the cases of a disease in hard-hit areas than to struggle to find a cure .
The trick , say the scientists , is identifying the populations most at risk .
To figure out where disease-prevention dollars would be best spent , the scientists crunched the numbers .
They looked at the diversity of disease-causing organisms and at the number of victims in regions all around the world .
And they examined a variety of variables , from climate conditions to the money spent on health care .
Their finding , perhaps not surprisingly , is that the places where infections are most rampant are those with the largest populations and the worst disease-control measures .
The good news is : the data show that efforts to control these scourges do work .
So where eradication has failed , prevention can help .
The scientists note that reducing illness in heavily populated , poor areas also lowers the chance of a disease spreading to uninfected regions .
Just as it's in your best interest to keep your neighbor 's house from going up in flames .  Karen Hopkin
About 2 months ago ( Feb , 2010 ) , an orca Tilikum attacked a trainer at Sea World theme park in Orlando , Florida .
Animal communicator Mary Getten , the author of " Communicating with Orcas : The Whales ' Perspective " talked to Tilikum to get an explanation of the incident .
Mary Getten : No humans have ever been killed by an orca in the wild .
Tillicum has been in captivity since he was a youngster , kept in a small cage .
I do believe that he is not sane .
Here is what he told me after that event .
Feb 26 , 2010 conversation
Mary : Tilikum , what happened the other day when you killed a trainer ?
Tillicum : I am so ashamed of myself .
I do n't know what happened .
It was like something came over me , and I was n't thinking clearly .
Mary : Were you angry ?
Tillicum : Not consciously , but something rose up deep inside of me that drove me to grab her .
She was a kind person and I had no reason to hate her .
I am so sorry I killed her .
Mary : We do n't understand how this could happen .
Can you explain more ?
Tillicum : Something snapped inside my head and a rage exploded .
I was n't thinking , just acting with a primal force .
I could n't stop myself .
It all happened so quickly and once I grabbed her and took her down everything that happened was instinctual , automatic .
I didn 't really realize what I had done until later .
I know what I did was wrong .
Mary : What should happen to you ?
Tillicum : I don't know .
Mary : What do you want for yourself ?
Tillicum : I don't want to be in this tank .
This is no life for me .
Mary : Do you want to go back to the ocean or into spirit ?
Tillicum : I long for freedom , if only for a while .
If I could be released into the wild , I would love that , even if I did not survive for long .
Being dead would be better than existing in this tank .
Mary : Will you hurt another human ?
Tillicum : I don't know .
I did not consciously hurt this wonderful woman .
I was out of my mind .
That could happen again I suppose , because I don't know how or why it happened this time .
I am so sorry . Please tell everyone .
Google I/O brings together thousands of developers for two days of deep technical content , focused on building the next generation of web , mobile , and enterprise applications with Google and open web technologies such as Android , Google Chrome , Google APIs , Google Web Toolkit , App Engine , and more .
Technical Sessions I/O will feature over 80 sessions ranging from introductory talks to deep dives on the nuts and bolts of a particular technology or product .
Fireside chats will also return this year , where you can ask questions to Google engineers in an informal , intimate setting .
Developer Sandbox The Developer Sandbox , first introduced at I/O 2009 , returns this year to I/O .
The Sandbox will feature over 100 developers who have built applications based on technologies and products featured at I/O .
These developers will be on hand to demo their apps , talk about how they built them , answer questions , and exchange ideas .
Office Hours Get one-on-one help from product experts at Office Hours .
Products featured in breakout sessions will have a designated ' office space ' where members of Google Engineering and Developer Relations teams will be available for drop-in Q&amp;A .
Come ask questions , share your code snippets , and meet new people .
Community I/O is a great opportunity to connect with new and familiar faces .
We 're excited to have so many bright and talent developers of a wide range of apps , companies , and technologies join us from around the world .
You 'll be able to meet other developers , discuss ideas , and share what you 've been working on .
After Hours Evening Event Kick back and relax with food , drinks , video games , music and more at the After Hours evening party on Day 1 .
We 're also excited to introduce GadgetFest at I/O - an interactive playground featuring futuristic technologies , robots , 3D visualizations &amp; simulations , and other innovative gadgets .
To learn more about the group behind GadgetFest , visit www.gadgetoff.com .
Representatives from each of the 17 countries in the Major Economies Forum ( MEF ) met behind closed doors April 18-19 in Washington D.C. to further climate and energy discussions .
The meeting was touted as an attempt to try to hammer out some lingering issues from the Copenhagen negotiations last December .
Unfortunately , relatively few details could be gleaned from the fairly sparse media coverage on the meetings .
U.S. climate envoy Todd Stern , who led the discussions , said that there was movement on six of the major issues covered in the Copenhagen Accord , including mitigation , transparency , financing , technology , forests and adaptation .
Another major objective of the meetings was to attempt to bridge the persistent impasse between developed and developing countries in the interim leading up to the next big round of climate talks in Cancun this November .
U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said before the talks began that , " Clearly , there is still a gap between the views of the developing and developed world ,
and we 're going to see if we can , through the course of this discussion , narrow that down " .
One of the divisive issues stemming from a lack of trust between developing and developed countries involves financial commitments by developed countries to support mitigation and adaptation efforts by developing countries .
Developed countries at the MEF meeting reaffirmed their commitments made at Copenhagen and gave presentations on their plans to provide $ 30 billion a year of " quick-start " financing from 2010 to 2012 .
" There is an appreciation by everybody in the room that it is important to make good on that commitment . " , Stern said in a press conference on Monday after the conclusion of the meetings .
Stern also indicated that another aim of the meetings were to manage expectations for Cancun amongst the MEF countries .
According to Reuters , Stern forewarned that " hopes for progress can at times be too high , " saying that there was " a good appreciation and a sound appreciation that we do n't want to let expectations far outstrip what can be done in Cancun . "
This statement was most likely made to dampen the hope for abinding agreement in Cancun , particularly in light of a further delay in energy and climate legislation in the United States , in which Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid agreed this week to first tackle animmigration bill .
And so the United States ' hands will most likely be again tied to the conservative , non-binding 17 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 , compared with 2005 levels -- a pledge that falls short of many developing countries ' demands for developed countries .
after last July , when the MEF leaders -- whose countries collectively represent 75 percent of global emissions -- met in Italy and declared to " respond vigorously " to climate change by calling for emissions topeak as soon as possible and for global temperatures to not exceed 2 degrees Celsius .
However , developing countries , notably China and India , insist that these discussions are no replacement for negotiations under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change .
Lead Chinese negotiator , Su Wei , reassured domestic Chinese audiences in an article by Xinhua ( in Chinese ) :
" Only the negotiations under the UNFCCC and the Kyoto Protocol are the most legitimate , with the most wide participatory mechanisms and whose results can reflect the world 's most fundamental interests and to which future negotiations should adhere . "
Indian Minister of State for Environment and Forests Jairam Ramesh reiterated Su Wei 's sentiments , emphasizing the importance of " reducing the huge ' trust deficit ' that prevails in the climate change negotiating community " .
Sticking to the two-track negotiating process pertaining to the Kyoto Protocol and Long-term Cooperative Action working groups is a key element , so that " Cancun does not repeat Copenhagen " .
These attitudes , in which the importance of the Copenhagen Accord are downplayed , were also reiterated at the most recent meeting of the BRIC countries ( Brazil , Russia , India and China ) April 16 in Brasilia .
At this meeting , there was also no mention of the Copenhagen Accord , which sits uneasy with those worried that the major emerging economies might try to back away from the Accord , given half the chance and despite their reiteration of support and submissions of pledges earlier this year .
All of this suggests that perhaps the gulf between developing and developed countries may be widening and not narrowing , despite what may have transpired behind closed doors at the MEF discussions earlier this week .
An official summary statement from the Chair of the meetings is available here .
To most people , to say that China holds down the value of its currency to boost its exports is to state the obvious .
Not , though , to America 's Treasury Department .
By law it must report twice a year on which countries fiddle their exchange rates at the world 's expense .
China was last fingered in 1994 .
Ever since then , the Treasury has concluded that the designation would do more harm than good .
Speculation is growing that it may decide differently in its next report , due on April 15th .
The mood in America resembles that in 2005 , when the Senate voted to hit China with tariffs of 27.5 % and the Treasury ratcheted up its rhetoric .
China abruptly moved to a managed float for the yuan .
It was allowed to appreciate by 20 % over the next three years before a halt was called during the banking panic of 2008 .
China seems more determined to resist pressure this time , though , and can rightly point out that its fiscal stimulus has halved its current-account surplus since 2007 .
America 's trade deficit with China has edged a bit lower , though further declines seem unlikely , now that its own recovery is under way .
Nonetheless , the weight of opinion in America is running heavily against China .
Unemployment has doubled since 2005 and Barack Obama wants exports to lead the recovery .
That will be harder if China sticks to its export-centric yuan policy .
Businesses have also become less reliable defenders of China .
" A whole slew of multinationals I 've talked to are increasingly fed up with how they are being dealt with on micro , industry , product-specific stuff " , says Fred Bergsten , director of the Peterson Institute for International Economics , a think-tank .
Charles Schumer , a Democratic senator , and Lindsey Graham , a Republican , authors of the 2005 China tariff bill that probably pushed China to move , have introduced a variant that would force the Treasury to make the designation and then seek redress through the International Monetary Fund , the World Trade Organisation , and unilateral duties .
One manufacturing-union group has produced maps showing just how many jobs each congressional district and state has lost to China .
A popular view in Washington is that the Treasury could call China a manipulator to wrest control of the issue from hotheads in Congress .
The practical consequences are small :
it requires the United States only to consult with the offending country , something the two already do frequently .
It would also fulfil Mr Obama 's promise to use America 's trade enforcement tools more vigorously .
But Nicholas Lardy , also of the Peterson Institute , thinks that  far from restraining others  a Treasury designation of China as a manipulator would be " like throwing red meat to the Congress and enhancing the possibility they pass a currency bill . "
The administration 's best hope is that China moves of its own accord before events in Congress or elsewhere force a confrontation .
Tim Geithner , the treasury secretary , is surprisingly confident that China will act .
Sander Levin , the usually interventionist-minded chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee which oversees trade matters , advocates multilateral rather than unilateral pressure .
So perhaps the administration will give China one last chance and seek a multilateral remedy at the G20 in June .
If China still fails to respond , the Treasury , by the time of its autumn report , will no longer be able to deny the obvious .
Contrary to popular belief , the car companies did not invent onboard computers ; Bendix Corp. Troy , Michigan , held the original patents .
The system was originally designed for aircraft during WWII , and it was known as Electronic Fuel Injection or EFI .
During the fuel shortage in the early ' 70s , the car companies became interested in improving gas mileage and reducing the pollutants with computer controls  without sacrificing drivability , and the emerging microprocessors designed into Bendix EFI controls for vehicles were ideal for the job .
I have firsthand experience with the design and development of these electronic control units , because I was the Project Leader at Bendix for the group of engineers who designed the prototypes for the first production systems .
We worked with Ford and GM in joint projects and eventually delivered production ECUs for General Motors Cosworth Vega and Cadillac Seville vehicles .
I tell you this because what follows are my personal beliefs about the safety of electronic controls in vehicles based on my own experience in ECU design and tracking scores of engineering change requests ( ECRs ) prior to production release .
At Bendix , the engineers and analysts put a tremendous effort into FMEA , Failure Modes and Effects Analysis of the ECU ( and all components ) to ensure a safe , reliable , and dependable control system .
On my watch , every circuit and component , including sensors , injectors , harnesses , connectors , wires , resistors , capacitors , ceramic substrates , semiconductors , terminals , potting compound , solder , conformal coating , and printed circuit boards were qualified and went under painstaking scrutiny to uncover the smallest potential design and manufacturing defects .
The engineers also made sure that a component failure would circumvent any catastrophic system failure and place the ECU in a so-called " limp-home " mode .
Moreover , in no case could the vehicle continue to run when the ignition switch was turned off .
It was hard-wired that way .
Now I want to add something just as critical :
the accelerator pedal was mechanically linked to the butterfly valve in the throttle body , which controlled the amount of air that entered the engine .
When released , two robust springs returned the throttle to closed position to limit the air to idle .
The vehicle could not possibly accelerate without sufficient air , no matter what else happened in the ECU .
No electrical system has ever proved to be as reliable as this mechanical throttle linkage .
But , with " drive-by-wire " , this mechanical linkage is missing and the air and fuel are controlled by a foot pedal sensor electrically connected to the ECU .
Now , all bets are off .
To make matters worse , I believe the transmissions are also electrically connected to the ECU .
Unless the current generation of ECUs ( especially drive-by-wire ECUs ) has undergone the same rigorous testing , FMEA analysis with fail-safe circuits , you and I have put our lives in the hands of some very ignorant designers .
If you think a hard , soft , or intermittent electrical failure can not cause unintended acceleration in drive-by-wire systems , you do n't deserve to call yourself an electrical engineer .
If you still do n't believe , stayed tuned here .
I will tell you exactly the types of random failures and outcomes that can happen based on my own experience .
July 11 , 2011 , 7 :
Why Do Hyenas Laugh ?
By KAY E. HOLEKAMP
The three hyenas who originally discovered the dying buffalo approach it cautiously , eyeing its dangerous herd-mates .
Kay E. Holekamp , a zoologist at Michigan State University , writes from the Masai Mara National Reserve in Kenya , where she is studying the behavior of spotted hyenas .
Thursday , July 7
We had just started our afternoon " obs " a few days ago when we found three adult hyenas , all high-ranking females , sleeping on an open hillside .
Then we saw something they hadn't yet noticed :
a very large male African cape buffalo that appeared to be dying .
We could see from his worn teeth that he was very old , and though he could move his legs , he couldn't seem to lift his head .
One thing about studying large carnivores is that feeding can be difficult to watch .
Although hyenas quickly kill smaller prey like gazelle by crushing the neck or skull , they tend to take down larger animals by disembowelment , letting their target bleed out , but that can take some time .
We always hope the prey animal is in shock while this is happening , as there would be nothing we could do to speed up the prey animal's death in any case .
As the poet Tennyson put it , nature really is " red in tooth and claw " .
Eventually the three females got up from their nap and noticed the buffalo .
They were silent as they approached it , avoiding its flailing limbs as they began to tear off pieces of flesh with their sharp teeth .
When the dying animal bellowed in pain , its herd-mates rushed over and charged the hyenas, which scattered but then approached again to continue feeding .
Still the hyenas were silent , suggesting either that they needed no help to subdue the prey or that they preferred not to share it with their clan mates .
However , as often happens , other hyenas apparently heard the cries of the dying buffalo , and started appearing from all directions .
A young cub arriving at the kill scene ( crouching in grass ) is investigated by hyenas already there .
Other cubs are racing toward the scene in the background .
The arriving clan members were all very excited to see roughly 1,500 pounds of fresh food already brought to ground !
It was not until cubs that had recently graduated from the communal den began arriving at this kill site that we started to hear hyenas voices .
As each youngster arrived at the scene , it was clearly overwhelmed with excitement and nervousness .
This could easily be seen in their body postures , their bristled tails and most of all in their voices .
They grinned and groveled before their larger clan mates , and produced many loud " whoop " vocalizations .
Efficient communication among individual animals is critical for reliable exchange of information in any society as complex as that of the spotted hyena .
As in many other animals , communication among spotted hyenas serves different functions , including individual identification , recruitment of allies , reinforcement of social bonds among individual clan members , indication of social status , coordination of group activities and modulation of aggression among clan mates .
Spotted hyenas rely heavily on information contained invisual and tactile signals when they are in close proximity to clan mates , and on information contained in olfactory and acoustic signals when they are at both short and long distances .
For example , the raised and bristled tails seen on the hyenas attacking this buffalo signaled considerable tension and excitement .
I described in my last blog post the work we are doing on olfactory communication in this species .
However , these animals are perhaps best known for their vocalizations .
Spotted hyenas have a rich vocal repertory ;
they emit about a dozen distinct vocalizations , most of which can be modulated in various ways to alter their meaning to listeners .
Spotted hyenas are often called " laughing hyenas "  because their giggle vocalization sounds very much like hysterical human laughter .
The giggle is a loud , high-pitched rapid series of staccato " hee-hee-hee " sounds .
Brown and striped hyenas do not produce giggle or whoop calls , or in fact many vocalizations at all , so the giggle truly appears unique to spotted hyenas .
Hyenas are most likely to giggle after being attacked and while being chased around by another hyena who wants the carcass part the giggler is carrying around in its mouth .
The giggling hyena seems to be signaling that it wants its social partner to desist and leave it alone .
Unfortunately , giggling by a hyena carrying food tends to attract other hyenas to it , and actually often results in even more harassment directed at the caller .
The hyena carrying this head and spine was giggling like mad as its clan mate chased it around .
When hyenas want to coordinate clan mates to form coalitions against lions , they produce a vocalization , called " lowing " , that sounds very much like the mooing of a cow .
Spotted hyenas produce " alarm rumbles " to signal danger ;
these are deep , rapid staccato sounds that are heard most frequently when a lion or a human on foot appears over a rise within sight of a group of hyenas .
When mother hyenas want to call their infants up out of a den , they groan into the den hole , and their cubs soon pop out on the surface .
When cubs are hungry , they produce a grating fingernails -on- blackboard sound , with their lips pulled back from their teeth , to encourage their mother to lie down so they can nurse .
We call this annoying sound a " squitter " .
A cub wanting to nurse " squitters " to its mother , who has just arrived at the den .
The hyena's whoop vocalization is a series of discrete calls produced in about of sound that can travel distances of more than two miles .
The voices of adults are deep , but the whoops emitted by the cubs at this buffalo kill were very high-pitched .
The rate at which whoops are produced within a bout communicates emotional intensity to listeners .
Lying in my tent each night , I can hear the calm , slow whoops produced by immigrant male hyenas to announce their presence in a clan .
My personal favorites are the whoops produced by a male named " Pavarotti " , so called because his long distance call is exceptionally musical .
Several hyenas mob the dying buffalo .
However , the cub whoops at this buffalo kill came rapid-fire , with hardly half a second between them , so the cubs were extremely excited .
Although whoops can have a number of different functions in hyena society , these cubs whooped to attract their mothers to the scene ;
their mothers arrived shortly there after , along with other clan mates who had apparently been eavesdropping .
Soon there were over 35 hyenas feeding on the buffalo , which had finally succumbed , and its herd mates were no longer trying to defend it .
A few hours later all that remained of this enormous prey animal were its skull , a few other bare bones and a bloody patch on the ground where the buffalo had lain down for the last time .
Dear Annie :
A friend of mine sent me your column about five ways to cope with an autocratic boss ,
but I 'm facing a problem with my immediate supervisor that is actually quite a bit worse .
Since I started this job about two months ago ( it's my first " real " job out of college , ) my boss has become a nightmare .
He constantly snipes at everything I do , makes sarcastic remarks ,
and about once a week has a totally out-of-control screaming fit where he calls me , and a couple of my coworkers , names I don't even want to repeat .
Another thing I 've discovered :
After cutting our time short to complete assignments , which he always does at the last minute so there 's no way to make up the lost time ,
he complains to higher-ups -- who all seem to think he walks on water -- about how " lazy " we are .
I really want to succeed at this company , but I'm not sure how long I can stand it .
Should I talk to the person above him ?
If not , what can I do ?
Your boss sounds like a classic workplace bully ,
defined as someone who repeatedly inflicts on others " verbal abuse , threatening conduct , intimidation or humiliation " as well as " sabotage that prevents work from getting done " ( those suddenly altered deadlines . )
That definition comes from the Workplace Bullying Institute , a nonprofit research and training organization .
Alas , it's not an unusual problem :
About 50% of the U.S. workforce reports either having been bullied by someone at work or having witnessed someone else being mistreated , according to a survey of 4,210 American adults that WBI conducted last year .
Another poll last month , by job site CareerBuilders , found that 27% of U.S. employees have experienced some form of bullying at work .
Most " never confronted or reported " the bully , the study says .
The WBI research shows that about three-quarters ( 72% ) of bullies are bosses , and one reason they get away with it is that , in most states , abusing employees is not illegal unless the mistreatment is demonstrably based on age , sex , race , or religion , so it flies under the radar of corporate human resources and legal departments .
That is slowly changing .
So far , 21 states have passed anti-workplace-bullying laws , and 11 more are considering following suit .
Even if you live in a state where bullying is illegal now , suing your employer is probably not your best move .
Neither is complaining about your boss to the person above him .
For one thing , your boss fits a profile that WBI chief Gary Namie recognizes all too well :
The supervisor who is adept at kissing up and kicking down , as the saying goes , and is careful to make a great impression on higher-ups .
" Bullies sneak into companies disguised as high performers and desirably ambitious go-getters " , Namie says .
In other words , you 're likely to be perceived as far more dispensable than they are .
That 's probably why , a 2007 WBI survey shows , 53% of employers did nothing when employees reported a bullying boss .
In 24% of cases , it was even worse : The person who complained got fired .
So what can you do ?
First , since you want to succeed at this company , start looking around to see if opportunities exist , or may soon exist , that would put you out of this person's reach .
Get to know as many people as you can in other areas of the company where you might want to work , and keep an eye out for job openings .
Just knowing that you won't be working for this boss forever can make it a little easier to put up with him .
Namie , who is co-author of useful book called The Bully at Work : What You Can Do to Stop the Hurt and Reclaim Your Dignity on the Job ,
offers three other suggestions for protecting your psyche -- and your stomach -- from your bullying boss : Practice tuning out the tantrums .
1 . One way to keep your cool
when your boss starts screaming is to practice repeating a mantra in your head like ,
" Ignore the anger . It's not yours " .
Another approach is to " simply think about the one aspect of the bully's physical appearance you find most awkward " , Namie says .
Focusing on the boss 's goofy haircut or oversized ears " can help you to stay calm " because " you 're not taking him too seriously " .
2 . Get a reality check .
Bullies have a knack for knowing exactly " how to make you feel incompetent or unworthy " , Namie notes .
" When confronted by a constant critic who picks apart both your work and your worthiness , it 's hard not to believe he 's right " .
Your planet needs you .
WATCH THE VIDEO
Turn VW away from the Dark Side .
Join the Rebellion .
Sign the manifesto and tell VW's bosses to change .
First Name - Last Name - Email - Country - Post Code Yes , send me occasional news and updates JOIN THE REBELLION Already joined the Rebellion ?
Now help build the movement
VW 's Secret Plans
Check out VW 's plans to oppose emissions controls
Rebel Manifesto
Our home  Earth  is in trouble .
VW opposes two key European climate laws  stronger emissions targets and stronger car efficiency targets  that we need if we're going to stop our planet going the way of Alderaan ( bye bye . )
But all is not lost .
We feel the good in Volkswagen .
All of us in the Rebellion are calling on Volkswagen to turn away from the Dark Side and give our planet a chance .
1 . Support strong CO2 emissions cuts
Despite its green image , Volkswagen is spending millions of Euros every year funding lobby groups who are trying to stop Europe increasing its commitment to greenhouse gas reductions from 20% to 30% by 2020 .
Progressive companies  from Google to Ikea , Sony , Unilever and Philips  support the target
2 . Support strong fuel efficiency standards More efficient cars are cheaper to run , use less oil and emit less CO2 .
Volkswagen has a history of lobbying against the strong European standards that we need to kick our oil addiction .
As the biggest car company in Europe , with the biggest responsibility , VW must change and support strong standards from now on .
3 . Put your technology where your mouth is
Volkswagen says it wants to be " the most eco-friendly automaker in the world , " but only 6% of the cars it sold in 2010 were its most efficient models .
It has the technology to do better .
VW must set out its plan to make its entire fleet oil-free by 2040 .
( Read the report for full details ) " Watch the film .
Join the Rebellion .
Explore .
Jedi training .
Develop your skills as a Jedi to help further the rebellion .
Learn More About the Rebellion FAQ/FQA with Yoda .
The Force .
VW 's Secret Plans .
Rebel Messages .
Join the Rebellion Haven't joined yet ?
Sign the manifesto and turn VW away from the Dark Side .
USE THE FORCE There is good in Volkswagen .
We feel it Volkswagen is a big part of many of our lives - indeed many rebel vehicles are VWs .
But it seems the bosses at Volkswagen have been seduced by the dark side of the force and left us with little choice but to challenge them .
But it 's not too late .
There's a chance that together we can turn Volkswagen away from the Dark Side and into a force for good , leading to a brighter future for us all .
We feel the good in you Volkswagen .
Your destiny lies along a different path .
We'll be contacting you at key moments in the campaign to help turn VW and other companies away from the Dark Side .
But for now , young Jedi , you have much to learn .
[ JEDI TRAINING ] FAQ/FQA with Yoda We've asked Yoda to help explain what the Rebellion is doing with this campaign .
For those of you not accustomed to hearing his wisdom , you can turn Yoda Speak off .
" Why are you targeting Volkswagen ?
Volkswagen opposes important laws that would protect our climate and our planet .
As the biggest and most powerful car company in Europe it has a huge amount of influence  both on the German government and the EU - through the lobby groups that it spends millions of Euros on each year .
However , we feel the good in Volkswagen , we think it can turn away from the Dark Side .
( read the report ) What has Star Wars got to do with Volkswagen ?
VW launched a huge advert this year at the US Superbowl  the most expensive advertising slot in the world .
It was a great advert , funny and cute , but we think the epic symbolism of Star Wars is better suited to what Volkswagen is threatening to do to our planet .
( read the report ) Doesn't VW make some of the greenest cars ?
Yes it does  but it hardly sells any and tries to make extra money off them by inflating their cost .
For every more-efficient car VW sells , there are 15 others that are not green in the slightest .
But this campaign is bigger than VW's cars .
Volkswagen is using is power as a corporate giant to block important laws we need to protect our planet .
( read the report ) I drive a Volkswagen  can I get involved ?
Definitely !
As a VW driver you have a very special mission  to help us convince Volkswagen that their customers want them to turn away from the Dark Side .
If you haven't already  join the rebellion .
How can I help ?
Join the rebellion now and send an email to VW's bosses .
By going through your Jedi training  and collecting companions and skills along the way  you'll be helping to grow the rebellion and turn VW away from the Dark Side . "
The Force - Energy " The force is what gives the Jedi his power .
It's an energy field created by all living things .
It surrounds us and penetrates us .
It binds the Galaxy together
" The Force is energy "
On the tiny blue planet we see from space , the light side of the force is clean , green and renewable .
It comes from the wind , the waves and the sun .
But there is a dark side to the force .
As Yoda says , it feeds on anger , fear and aggression .
It is destructive .
On our planet , it manifests itself in the accelerating rush for dead , dirty energy .
For fossil fuels like oil which not only tear up and destroy the local environment and risk the planet's climate but also have been used to prop-up dictatorships and support oppression .
Our oil addiction threatens life .
But the dark side of the force is seductive .
Some companies think that if we can just drill for more oil we won't have to think about reducing our oil use .
We won't have to drive more efficient vehicles or promote a clean energy revolution .
But they're wrong .
Oil makes us powerful today , but it's running out .
It's a short-lived power .
Today , companies and governments are scrambling over the hard-to-reach parts of the Earth  the Arctic ice  in the hunt for the last drops of oil .
75% of the Arctic sea ice has disappeared in the past thirty years , and scientists say the North Pole could be ice-free as soon as next year .
But rather than see these signs as a call-to-action on climate change , politicians see the melting ice as an opportunity to extract more oil .
There is a scramble for these newly-uncovered resources .
There is a new Arctic oil rush .
Flags have been planted .
Militaries have been advised .
Those of us who love this planet and love peace won't stand idly by and watch this happen .
But to crack our oil addiction , we need to not only challenge the Arctic drilling , but also reduce our use of oil .
Because 60% of oil in Europe is used in transport , it means making our vehicles as efficient as they can be , with laws setting those efficiency targets in stone .
Unfortunately , there are many companies on the dark side of the force , keeping us addicted to oil and threatening our planet and peace in the process .
Today , Volkswagen is at the heart of the dark side .
We need to turn them .
It's time to use the force for good . "
VW 's Secret Plans
DOWNLOAD THE REPORT
R2D2 has the technical readouts of the battlestation .
Click on R2D2 to download VW's secret plans , or read the report in the page below .
Yoga can reduce depression in pregnant women as well as boost maternal bonding , say researchers .
It is the first study to provide evidence that mindfulness yoga may offer effective treatment for depressed mothers-to-be .
Pregnancy hormones are known to cause mood swings , however one in five expectant mothers experience major depression .
Focus :
Yoga helps women to cope with pregnancy Now , new research from the University of Michigan shows that the age-old recommended stress-buster could relieve their symptoms .
Mothers-to-be at high risk of mental health problems found significant relief from depressive symptoms after taking part in a 10-week programme .
They also reported stronger attachment to their babies in the womb .
Lead author Maria Muzik said :
' We hear about pregnant women trying yoga to reduce stress but there's no data on how effective this method is .
' Our work provides promising first evidence that mindfulness yoga may be an effective alternative to pharmaceutical treatment for pregnant women showing signs of depression . '
This promotes both mother and baby wellbeing .
' Mental health disorders during pregnancy , including depression and anxiety , have become a serious health concern .
Hormonal changes , genetic predisposition and social factors set the stage for some expectant moms to experience persistent irritability , feelings of being overwhelmed and inability to cope with stress .
Untreated , these symptoms bear major health risks for both the mom and baby ,
including poor weight gain , preeclampsia , premature labor and trouble bonding with the new baby .
While antidepressants have proven to effectively treat these mood disorders , Muzik says , previous studies show that many pregnant women are reluctant to take these drugs out of concern for their infant's safety .
' Unfortunately , few women suffering from perinatal health disorders receive treatment , exposing them and their child to the negative impact of psychiatric illness during one of the most vulnerable times ' , she said .
' That's why developing feasible alternatives for treatment is critical .
' Evidence suggests women are more comfortable with nontraditional treatments , including herbal medicine , relaxation techniques and mind-body work .
Yoga continues to grow in popularity but in the United States , many classes concentrate on yoga as " exercise " , omitting the practice of being fully present in the moment and aware , authors say .
Meanwhile , mindfulness yoga - which combines meditative focus with physical poses - has proven to be a powerful method to fight stress and boost energy .
For the pilot study , women who showed signs of depression and who were between 12-26 weeks pregnant participated in 90-minute mindfulness yoga sessions that focused on poses for the pregnant body , as well as support in the awareness of how their bodies were changing to help their babies grow .
Muzik said : ' This study builds the foundation for further research on how yoga may lead to an empowered and positive feeling toward pregnancy .
' The findings were published in Complementary Therapies in Clinical Practice .
China's economy Even splits
China does its bit to calm worries about the world economy .
A RUNNER cannot sprint all the time , noted Sheng Laiyun of China's National Bureau of Statistics , after the release of China's new growth figures on July 13th ;
he must pace himself so that he can run better later .
Over the past four quarters China's economy has recorded what runners call " even splits , " keeping a steady pace , lap after lap .
It grew by 9.5% in the second quarter ( year on year , ) having grown at a similar rate in the previous three .
The figures helped allay fears of a hard landing for China's economy .
But they raised some doubts about whether the economy is landing at all .
Consumer prices rose by 6.4% in the year to June .
The economy 's pace may be steady .
But is it too fast to sustain ?
China's macroeconomists , if not its consumers , can take some comfort from the nature of the inflation .
Two-thirds of it was due to food prices , and much of that was due to pork .
Farmers responded to low pork prices last year by breeding fewer pigs , some of which have since fallen victim to porcine diarrhoea .
That pushed up prices by 11.4% in June alone , an annualised rate of 265% .
This has played havoc with many economists' inflation forecasts .
" Perhaps I should have become a veterinarian " , says Andy Rothman of CLSA .
The source of China's growth is more worrying than its speed .
According to Mark Williams of Capital Economics , investment comprised 62% of the economy's expansion in the second quarter , its biggest contribution for 18 months .
Investment in fixed assets , such as buildings , factories and equipment , has grown by between 21% and 26%, year on year , for the past four quarters , despite the government's efforts to tighten credit .
This resilience may be because so much investment is carried out by state-owned firms , which are at the top of the pecking order when banks make loans .
It may also be a sign that financing is not as tight as the hawks would like .
On the face of it , banks are feeling the pinch , charging each other high rates in the interbank lending market .
They made new loans worth 634billion yuan ( $ 98billion ) in June , typically a strong month for lending .
This puts them on course to add less than 7.5trillion yuan to their loan books this year , according to Peng Wensheng of China International Capital Corporation .
But other analysts think financial conditions are looser than they appear .
The central bank publishes a broader measure of " social financing , " which includes corporate bonds and some loans repackaged by " trust " companies .
By this measure , financing could reach 14.5 trillion yuan this year , according to Fitch , a ratings agency .
Even that total may be too low .
Fitch believes a better measure of financingwhich includes letters of credit loans from Hong Kong and more of the credit from trust companies and similar firms could exceed 18 trillion yuan this year .
That would take China's stock of financing to 185% of GDP , up from 124% in 2007 .
Yet China seems to be getting less bang for its financial buck .
In 2007 , Fitch reckons , it took 1.28 yuan of extra financing to produce an additional yuan of GDP .
Now it takes 2.38.
China's growth may be remarkably even .
But its financial system is having to pump harder to maintain the pace .
Solar System Montage Image courtesy
NASA This montage of Voyager spacecraft pictures shows the eight planets , plus four of Jupiter's moons , sprawled against the backdrop of the Rosette Nebula and on the horizon of Earth's moon .
In addition to the planets and moons seen in this simulated photo , our solar system contains a star , asteroids and comets , and dwarf planets such as Pluto .
Planet Mars Photograph courtesy NASA/Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI/AURA )
Though one of our nearest neighbors , Mars is still 43million miles ( 69 million kilometers ) from Earth , illustrating the nearly incomprehensible vastness of our solar system .
Scientists are working to unravel the mystery of Mars's climate  evidence of water on the red planet will hold clues about life on Mars , as well as the potential for life elsewhere in the universe .
NASA , ESA , J. Clarke ( Boston University , ) and Z. Levay ( STScI ) Streams of charged particles blasted from the sun collide with Saturn's magnetic field , creating an aurora on the planet's south pole .
Unlike Earth's relatively short-lived auroras , Saturn's can last for days .
Scientists combined ultraviolet images of the auroras , taken by Hubble over a period of days , with visible-light images of the ringed planet .
In this view the aurora appears blue because of the ultraviolet camera , but a Saturn-based observer would see red light flashes .
Pluto Moons Photograph courtesy NASA/ESA/H .
Weaver ( JHU/APL)/A .
Stern ( SwRI)/HST Pluto Companion Search Team Once classified as a true planet , icy Pluto is now considered one of the more than 40 dwarf planets in our solar system .
Seen here with its three known moons , Charon , Nix , and Hydra 
Pluto is a member of a group of objects that orbit in a disklike zone beyond the orbit of Neptune called the Kuiper belt .
Planet Jupiter Photograph courtesy NASA/ESA/Hubble Heritage Team ( AURA/STScI )
Named after the king of the Roman gods , Jupiter is the giant of our solar system .
Its stripes are dark belts and light zones created by strong east-west winds in the planet's upper atmosphere . Within these areas are huge storm systems that have raged for years .
The Great Red Spot , one such giant spinning storm , has existed for at least three centuries .
Total Solar Eclipse Photograph by Nat'l Optical Astronomy Observatories
The sun's outermost region , called the corona , shines like a halo around the moon during a total solar eclipse .
Such eclipses occur when a new moon passes in front of the sun .
They don't happen often only about once a year
since the tilted orbits of the sun , moon , and Earth make their alignment rare .
Total solar eclipses are of special interest to astronomers because it is the only time the sun's corona can be seen from the Earth's surface .
Planetary Lineup Image courtesy NASA/JPL
This montage of photos , taken by various NASA spacecraft , shows the order of planets in the solar system .
Mercury , the closest planet to the sun , is at the top , followed by Venus , Earth ( with its moon , ) Mars , Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus , and Neptune .
Google Is Destroying Our Memories
Google searches and the internet are changing the way we remember things -- and not necessarily for the better .
Those are the findings of a report published in this week in Science magazine ( via Bloomberg ) , based on two studies which tested participants ' ability to remember facts .
In one trial , university students were asked to type notes on pieces of trivia -- for instance , " an ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain " --
and told their notes would be saved in one of many different folders or erased .
Researchers found that students who were told their information would be saved were better at remembering where their information was stored than the facts themselves .
Those who were told their notes would be erased most accurately remembered the trivia .
This suggests that the internet may be fundamentally altering the way we process information , since we place more importance on how we can access data and less on the information itself .
Instead of remembering the name of an old classmate , the title of a song , or even the phone number of your significant other , with the internet or a smart phone the facts are at your fingertips .
Researchers are calling this the " Google effect " .
Please follow SAI on Twitter and Facebook .
Follow Simone Foxman on Twitter .
The Wikipedia Redefined Hello , world .
Imagine you were granted the magic power to change any website in the whole world-wide web the way you like it , to make it better , more functional , more useful , better looking , more pleasing or disrupting to the eye .
Which one would you pick ?
Enter your choice here :
We've also played that game .
And we've chosen Wikipedia .
We are New , !
a creative agency , hunting for new ideas regardless of their form .
Wikipedia is one of our favorite sources of accumulated knowledge , hats off to Jimmy Wales .
The project is called Wikipedia Redefined and we hope you will find this interesting .
Use the scroll bar to navigate further or to go back .
The Brand We started with the world is a puzzle of knowledge logo . ..
and decided to eliminate , ahem , everything except .. 
the letter W , which is/could be the most famous W in the whole web .
W is enough for Wikipedia to be recognized .
The compound word wiki-pedia , is divided into italic and regular .
The italic wiki part will later be used as a prefix for other sub-brands .
A huge family of various wikis is represented by dominant first letters .
All wiki parts are compiled in the same pattern  with italic and regular fonts highlighting the specific function .
Alternatively , it could be used without the wiki prefix .
All of the wikis create an ever moving system
 an umbrella brand   a cluster  of WikiMedia .
Which might have ever evolving connections between its parts , one of which is Wikipedia .
The Website The homepage of current Wikipedia is overcrowded with display of languages , which overshadows the main functionality  the search area .
Languages dominate the search .
We propose a reversal of proportions .
Huge W shines at the heart of it , with a dominating search option together with a possibility to quickly switch between the languages .
Well organized sister projects sit at the bottom of the page without scroll .
The colorful header of the page is covered in real time changing visual statistics of which languages dominate the Wikipedia database .
The red color , for example , indicates that there are 1.907.000 articles in German .
The measurement of the line is proportional to the whole size of local Wikipedia .
Rolling over the top right corner reveals more options for languages .
If one needs to quickly shift from Wikipedia articles to , let's say , Wikiquotes , s/he simply has to click at the bottom of the page  ..
and it reloads the same look with different content .
Basically , there are two reasons to visit Wikipedia :
to read or to contribute .
Reading function is Research and contribution is called Edit .
When you read redefined Wikipedia , you can choose a few functionalities at the top of the page .
History tab means reviewing what one reads . By clicking on History one can use an expanded menu :
add an article to favorites , review what was read , export it or save it in a computer .
Review button gives a timelined revision of visited/read articles .
Quote serves as a felt pen .
It can be an easy way to highlight the best parts of an article , just like in text books .
And save it for later .
Connect shows a different point of view on the information in Wikipedia .
It arranges everything into connection clouds where one can endlessly explore the connection between words .
We leave Share and Print functionalities as they were without any changes .
The Edit part of the current Wikipedia requires patience and dedication , and is quite noisy .
The redefined Wikipedia arranges it all in a clearer way .
Its live function allows the articles to be edited in real time .
And see the results right away , with user friendly movement of the text .
Photos or graphics .
As well as the arrangement of the articles .
Code part stays the same   only in a more comprehensible way and in line with the new style .
Sandbox and History remain unchanged and true to the original Wikipedia .
It is more compact .
The portal of Wikipedia changes accordingly .
The footer is distinguished from the rest of the site to help users to find their way around sister sites easier .
We visualized the data , which is available to all readers , to make it more engaging .
Languages were already explained and Disciplines follow the same rainbow line pattern .
It explains the size of the most popular topics compared to others .
World visualizes the nations of the world .
It helps to unify the maps used all over the Wikipedia .
One can zoom into countries , towns .
And still have a distinctive Wikipedia look .
And here we stop .
But , hopefully , the discussion begins .
We check our mail a dozen times a day : Thank You .
Shaquille O'Neal announced his retirement from the NBA today after 19 seasons with six teams .
He leaves after an injury plagued season with the Boston Celtics that limited him to 37 games .
In typical Shaq fashion he first broke the news to his 3.8 million Twitter followers in a short video .
O'Neal will go down as one of the greatest NBA players ever .
He had 15 All-Star Game appearances , 4 NBA titles , 3 Finals MVP awards and a league MVP award ( along with several near misses . )
Shaq 's on-court performance makes him a sure-fire Hall of Famer , but he also broke new ground throughout his career off-the-court .
At 7-foot-1 , 325 pounds Shaq was a giant even in a world of giants that is the NBA .
Big men in the NBA had typically been shunned by the NBA because average consumers couldn't relate to them , but Shaq changed that .
Marketers gravitated to the charismatic O'Neal and by the time he was 23 he was making $ 17 million in endorsements from companies like Reebok and PepsiCo .
He starred in movies and put out rap albums .
" I was always kind of ashamed of being big so I mastered what all the other little guys mastered like dancing and karate .
I wanted to be small so I could do all the small things and I think that 's why I 'm such a phenomenal athlete " .
O'Neal told me in his typical understated fashion for a story I did on him in 2008 .
O'Neal again broke the mold with his post-Reebok shoe business .
This is the story according to Shaq that launched one of the best selling basketball shoes ever .
O'Neal had just finished practice with the Orlando Magic when a mother in tears came up to him . " Why don't one of you son of a bitches make an affordable sneaker " ? she reproached him .
Shaq pleaded helplessness :
" I don't set the prices . That 's Reebok 's job " .
He tried to buy her off with $ 200 .
" I don't want your damn money " , she hissed .
The confrontation led Shaq to launch shoes under two brands that he owns ( Shaq and Dunkman . )
He partnered with several companies and sold the shoes at discount stores like Payless for under $ 40 ( Nike 's LeBron 8 costs $ 150 . )
He has sold more than 80 million pairs of the shoes over the past 15 years .
Later O'Neal recognized the importance of the China market ( 300 million Chinese play basketball ) when he took his Dunkman brand there in 2006 in a deal with apparel company Li-Ning .
O'Neal visits Shanghai and Beijing each year to tour malls and do interviews .
Shaq continued to break new ground as one of the first athletes to embrace social media .
And he has built a strong following on Twitter .
Showing his playful side in tweets like :
" I 'm at the orlando airport the first one touches me wins a prize " .
Shaq burned bridges with almost every team he joined and his feud with Kobe Bryant is the stuff of legend .
( many thought it was dead until this Shaq freestyle rap performance surfaced . )
Yet his engaging personality and media accessibility always seemed to give him a pass in his role in these feuds .
O'Neal earned $ 292 million in salary during his 19-year career and nearly as much as endorsements .
He liked to spend it though as seen in documents filed during his divorce proceedings ( some monthly expenses : gas - $24,300 ; vacations - $110,505 ; dry cleaning - $6,730 . )
Forbes estimated his net worth at $ 135 million two years ago in a look at the richest black Americans .
What 's next for O'Neal ?
He told me three years ago he wanted to be either a sheriff  Shaq has already been a reserve officer with the Los Angeles and Miami police  or a basketball team owner .
Shaq didn't tip his hand about which team he 'd like to grab , laughing , " I don't want them to see me coming " .
JANUARY 1 Precious Human Birth
all the things that exist , we breathe and wake and turn it into song .
here is a Buddhist precept that asks us to be mindful of how rare it is to find ourselves in human form on Earth .
It is really a beautiful view of life that offers us the chance to feel enormous appreciation for the fact that we are here as individual spirits filled with consciousness , drinking water and chopping wood .
It asks us to look about at the ant and antelope , at the worm and the butterfly , at the dog and the castrated bull , at the hawk and the wild lonely tiger , at the hundred-year-old oak and the thousand-year-old patch of ocean .
It asks us to understand that no other lifeform has the consciousness of being that we are privilege to .
It asks us to recognize that of all the endless species of plants and animals and minerals that make up the Earth , a very small portion of life has the wake - fulness of spirit that we call " being human " .
That I can rise from some depth of awareness to express this to you and that you can receive me in this instant is part of our precious human birth .
You could have been an ant .
I could have been an anteater .
You could have been rain .
I could have been a lick of salt .
But we were blessed  in this time , in this place  to be human beings , alive in rare ways we often take for granted .
All of this to say , this precious human birth is unrepeatable .
So what will you do today , knowing that you are one of the rarest forms of life to ever walk the Earth ?
How will you carry yourself ?
What will you do with your hands ?
What will you ask and of whom ?
Tomorrow you could die and become an ant , and someone will be setting traps for you .
But today you are precious and rare and awake .
It ushers us into grateful living . It makes hesitation useless .
Grateful and awake , ask what you need to know now . Say what you feel now . Love what you love now .
Sit outside , if possible , or near a window , and note the other life forms around you .
Breathe slowly and think of the ant and the blade of grass and the blue jay and what these life forms can do that you can't .
Think of the pebble and the piece of bark and the stone bench , and center your breathing on the interior things that you can do that they can't .
Rise slowly , feeling beautifully human , and enter your day with the conscious intent of doing one thing that only humans can do .
When the time arises , do this thing with great reverence and gratitude .
JANUARY 2 All Fall Down Lead us from the unreal to the real .  HINDU INVOCATION
it was a snowy night , and Robert was recalling the time two springs ago when he was determined to paint the family room .
Up early , he was out the door , to the hardware store gathering the gallons of red , the wooden mixing sticks , the drop cloths , and the one-time brushes that always harden , no matter what you soak them in .
He mixed the paint outside and waddled to the door with a gallon in each hand , the drop cloth under his arm , and a wide brush in his mouth .
He began to chuckle in telling what happened , " I teetered there for minutes , trying to open the door , not wanting to put anything down .
I was so stubborn . I had the door almost open when I lost my grip , stumbled back-ward , and wound up on the ground , red gallons all over me " .
At this point , he laughed at himself , as he has done many times , and we watched the snow fall in silence .
I thought of his little story the whole way home .
Amazingly , we all do this , whether with groceries or paint or with the stories we feel determined to share .
We do this with our love , with our sense of truth , even with our pain .
It 's such a simple thing , but in a moment of ego we refuse to put down what we carry in order to open the door .
Time and time again , we are offered the chance to truly learn this :
We cannot hold on to things and enter .
We must put down what we carry , open the door , and then take up only what we need to bring inside .
It is a basic human sequence : gather , prepare , put down , enter .
But failing as we do , we always have that second chance : to learn how to fall , get up , and laugh .
Meditate on some threshold you are having trouble crossing in your life .
It might be at work , at home , in a relationship , or the doorway to greater peace .
Breathe steadily and look to yourself to see if you are carrying too much to open the door .
Breathe slowly and with each out-breath put the things you are carrying down .
Breathe freely now and open the door .
JANUARY 3 Unlearning Back to God
The coming to consciousness is not a discovery of some new thing ;
it is a long and painful return to that which has always been .  HELEN LUKE
each person is born with an unencumbered spot  free of expectation and regret , free of ambition and embarrassment , free of fear and worry  an umbilical spot of grace where we were each first touched by God .
It is this spot of grace that issues peace .
Psychologists call this spot the Psyche ,
the ologians call it the Soul ,
Jung calls it the Seat of the Unconscious ,
Hindu masters call it Atman ,
Buddhists call it Dharma ,
Rilke calls it Inwardness ,
Sufis call it Qalb ,
and Jesus calls it the Center of our Love .
To know this spot of Inwardness is to know who we are , not by surface markers of identity , not by where we work or what we wear or how we like to be addressed , but by feeling our place in relation to the Infinite and by inhabiting it .
This is a hard lifelong task , for the nature of becoming is a constant filming over of where we begin ,
while the nature of being is a constant erosion of what is not essential .
Each of us lives in the midst of this ongoing tension , growing tarnished or covered over , only to be worn back to that incorruptible spot of grace at our core .
When the film is worn through , we have moments of enlightenment , moments of wholeness , moments of satori , as the Zen sages term it , moments of clear living when inner meets outer , moments of full integrity of being , moments of complete Oneness .
And whether the film is a veil of culture , of memory , of mental or religious training , of trauma or sophistication , the removal of that film and the restoration of that timeless spot of grace is the goal of all therapy and education .
Regardless of subject matter , this is the only thing worth teaching :
how to uncover that original center and how to live there once it is restored .
We call the filming over a deadening of heart , and the process of return , whether brought about through suffering or love , is how we unlearn our way back to God .
Close your eyes and breathe your way beneath your troubles , the way a diver slips to that depth of stillness that is always waiting beneath the churning of the waves .
Now , consider two things you love doing , such as running , drawing , singing , bird-watching , gardening , or reading .
Meditate on what it is in each of these that makes you feel alive .
Hold what they have in common before you , and breathing slowly , feel the spot of grace these dear things mirror within you .
JANUARY 4 Between Peace and Joy
We could never have guessed we were already blessed where we are ...  JAMES TAYLOR
he reminds me of a woman who found a folded sponge all dried and compressed , and tucked inside the hardened fold was a message she 'd been seeking .
She carried the hardened sponge to the sea and , up to her waist in the deep , she watched it unfold and come to life in the water .
Magically , the secret of life became visible in the bubbles being released from the sponge , and to her amazement , a small fish , trapped in sleep in the hardened sponge , came alive and swam out to sea .
From that day on , no matter where she went , she felt the little fish swimming in the deep , and this  the swimming of the little fish that had for so long been asleep  gave her a satisfaction that was somewhere between peace and joy .
Whatever our path , whatever the color or grain of our days , whatever riddles we must solve to stay alive , the secret of life somehow always has to do with the awakening and freeing of what has been asleep .
Like that sponge , our very heart begs to unfold in the waters of our experience , and like that little fish , the soul is a tiny thing that brings us peace and joy when we let it swim .
But everything remains hard and compressed and illegible until , like this woman , waist deep in the ocean , we take our sleeping heart in our hands and plunge it tenderly into the life we are living .
With your eyes closed , meditate on the image of a hardened sponge unfolding like a flower underwater .
As you breathe , practice seeing your heart as such a sponge .
The next time you do the dishes , pause , hold the hardened sponge in the water , and feel your heart unfold .
JANUARY 5 Show Your Hair
My grandmother told me , " Never hide your green hair  They can see it anyway " .  ANGELES ARRIEN
From the agonies of kindergarten , when we first were teased or made fun of in the midst of all our innocence , we have all struggled in one way or another with hiding what is obvious about us .
No one plans this .
It is not aconspiracy , but rather an inevitable and hurtful passage from knowing only ourselves to knowing the world .
The tragedy is that many of us never talk about it , or never get told that our " green hair " is beautiful , or that we don't need to hide , no matter what anyone says on the way to lunch .
And so , we often conclude that to know the world we must hide ourselves .
Nothing could be farther from the truth .
It is an ancient , unspoken fact of being that black mail is only possible if we believe that we have something to hide .
The inner corollary of this is that worthless feelings arise when we believe , however briefly , that who we are is not enough .
Sit quietly , with your eyes closed , and with each in-breath feel the fact that who you are is enough .
JANUARY 6 The Spoked Wheel
What we reach for may be different , but what makes us reach is the same .
Imagine that each of us is a spoke in an Infinite Wheel , and , though each spoke is essential in keeping the Wheel whole , no two spokes are the same .
The rim of that Wheel is our living sense of community , family , and relationship , but the common hub where all the spokes join is the one center where all souls meet .
So , as I move out into the world , I live out my uniqueness , but when I dare to look into my core , I come up on the one common center where all lives begin .
In that center , we are one and the same .
In this way , we live out the paradox of being both unique and the same .
For mysteriously and powerfully , when I look deep enough into you , I find me , and when you dare to hear my fear in the recess of your heart , you recognize it as your secret that you thought no one else knew .
And that unexpected wholeness that is more than each of us , but common to all  that moment of unity is the atom of God .
Not surprisingly , like most people , in the first half of my life , I worked very hard to understand and strengthen my uniqueness .
I worked hard to secure my place at the rim of the Wheel and so defined and valued my self by how different I was from everyone else .
But in the second half of my life , I have been humbly brought to the center of that Wheel , and now I marvel at the mysterious oneness of our spirit .
Through cancer and grief and disappointment and unexpected turns in career  through the very breakdown and rearrangement of the things I have loved  I have come to realize that , as water smoothes stone and enters sand , we become each other .
How could I be so slow ? What I 've always thought set me apart binds me to others .
Never was this more clear to me than when I was sitting in a waiting room at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York City , staring straight into this Hispanic woman 's eyes , she into mine .
In that moment , I began to accept that we all see the same wonder , all feel the same agony , though we all speak in a different voice .
I know now that each being born , inconceivable as it seems , is another Adam or Eve .
Sit with a trusted loved one and take turns :
Name one defining trait of who you are that distinguishes you from others .
Name one defining trait of who you are that you have in common with others .
Discuss how you cope with the loneliness of what makes you unique from others , and how you cope with the experience of what makes you the same as others .
Ten years ago , Congress adopted the No Child Left Behind legislation , mandating that all students must be proficient in reading or mathematics by 2014 or their school would be punished .
Teachers and principals have been fired and schools that were once fixtures in their community have been closed and replaced .
In time , many of the new schools will close , too , unless they avoid enrolling low-performing students , like those who don't read English or are homeless or have profound disabilities .
Educators know that 100 percent proficiency is impossible , given the enormous variation among students and the impact of family income on academic performance .
Nevertheless , some politicians believe that the right combination of incentives and punishments will produce dramatic improvement .
Anyone who objects to this utopian mandate , they maintain , is just making an excuse for low expectations and bad teachers .
To prove that poverty doesn't matter , political leaders point to schools that have achieved stunning results in only a few years despite the poverty around them .
But the accounts of miracle schools demand closer scrutiny .
Usually , they are the result of statistical legerdemain .
In his State of the Union address in January , President Obama hailed the Bruce Randolph School in Denver , where the first senior class had a graduation rate of 97 percent .
At a celebration in February for Teach for America 's 20th anniversary , Education Secretary Arne Duncan sang the praises of an all-male , largely black charter school in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago , Urban Prep Academy , which replaced a high school deemed a failure .
And in March , Mr. Obama and Mr. Duncan joined Jeb Bush , the former governor of Florida , to laud the transformation of Miami Central Senior High School .
But the only miracle at these schools was a triumph of public relations .
Mr. Obama 's praise for Randolph , which he said had been " one of the worst schools in Colorado " , seems misplaced .
Noel Hammatt , a former teacher and instructor at Louisiana State University , looked at data from the Web site of the Colorado Department of Education .
True , Randolph ( originally a middle school , to which a high school was added ) had a high graduation rate , but its ACT scores were far below the state average , indicating that students are not well prepared for college .
In its middle school , only 21 percent were proficient or advanced in math , placing Randolph in the fifth percentile in the state ( meaning that 95 percent of schools performed better . )
Only 10 percent met the state science standards .
In writing and reading , the school was in the first percentile .
Gary Rubinstein , an education blogger and Teach for America alumnus who has been critical of the program , checked Mr. Duncan 's claims about Urban Prep .
Of 166 students who entered as ninth graders , only 107 graduated .
Astonishingly , the state Web site showed that only 17 percent passed state tests , compared to 64 percent in the low-performing Chicago public school district .
Miami Central had been " reconstituted " , meaning that the principal and half the staff members were fired .
The president said that " performance has skyrocketed by more than 60 percent in math " .
And that graduation rates rose to 63 percent , from 36 percent .
But in math , it ranks 430th out of 469 high schools in Florida .
Only 56 percent of its students meet state math standards , and only 16 percent met state reading standards .
The graduation rate rose , but the school still ranks 431st , well below the state median graduation rate of 87 percent .
The improvements at Miami Central are too small and too new to conclude that firing principals and teachers works .
To be sure , the hyping of test-score improvements that prove to be fleeting predated the Obama administration .
In 2005 , New York 's mayor , Michael R. Bloomberg , held a news conference at Public School 33 in the Bronx to celebrate an astonishing 49-point jump in the proportion of fourth grade students there who met state standards in reading .
In 2004 , only 34 percent reached proficiency , but in 2005 , 83 percent did .
It seemed too good to be true  and it was .
A year later , the proportion of fourth-graders at P.S. 33 who passed the state reading test dropped by 41 points .
By 2010 , the passing rate was 37 percent , nearly the same as before 2005 .
What is to be learned from these examples of inflated success ?
The news media and the public should respond with skepticism to any claims of miraculous transformation .
The achievement gap between children from different income levels exists before children enter school .
Families are children 's most important educators .
Our society must invest in parental education , prenatal care and preschool .
Of course , schools must improve ;
every one should have a stable , experienced staff , adequate resources and a balanced curriculum including the arts , foreign languages , history and science .
If every child arrived in school well-nourished , healthy and ready to learn , from a family with a stable home and a steady income , many of our educational problems would be solved .
And that would be a miracle .
Diane Ravitch , a research professor of education at New York University , is the author of " The Death and Life of the Great American School System : How Testing and Choice Are Undermining Education " .
Ten thousand people gathered to see one of the year 's most spectacular Second World War reenactment - despite earlier threats to ban one side of the conflict .
Organisers threatened to ban Nazi uniforms at the last minute , to avoid offending Holocaust survivors .
It followed complaints from the local community that in previous years too many people had turned up wearing Nazi clothing .
Who are we fighting ?
Enthusiasts dressed as soldiers take part in a mock battle at Rawtenstall station where organisers threatened to ban Nazi uniforms No Nazis :
The battle re-enactments even had medics administering treatment to soldiers who had been ' shot ' during the battle .
However , despite the last minute concerns , both sides of the war were fully represented in the re-enactment of the 1939-1945 conflict , organised by the East Lancashire Railway .
Several ' Nazis ' were spotted taking part in the staged event , which drew crowds of thousands .
The move came following complaints in previous years about people turning up wearing SS memorabilia , a jeep arriving with a swastika flag and one man even impersonated Herman Goerring .
Christina Seidel , the marketing manager at the railway said :
" We asked people not to turn up in German officer or SS uniforms , because we do not want to offend the Jewish community on our doorstep . "
Officials from the Greater Manchester Jewish Represenative Council ( GJRC , ) welcomed the move following lobbying earlier this year .
A visitor walks along the platform at one of the stations along the route that was decorated with memorabilia from the 1940s .
Two women who chose to dress in RAF uniforms look out of the window as the steam train makes its way across the countryside .
What lies ahead ?
A young soldiers appears deep in thought as he sits in a compartment on board a train on the East Lancashire Railway .
Lucille Cohen , GJRC secretary , said :
" I am very gratified that they have taken into account the correspondence we have had with them .
There are a number of people in this area who suffered at the hands of the Nazis during the war and the Holocaust , which should be taken into account " .
It appeared that the advice had been followed by the countless volunteers and hundreds of visitors who turned up to watch the event take place yesterday .
Many opted to dress in British uniforms from the time , with a group of women choosing to dress in RAF uniforms .
Happy .. and sad :
One enthusiast beams broadly as she takes the train during the re-enactment , but a younger ' evacuee ' is less happy .
Examples of items and fashion from the time period were on sale during the re-enactment .
The event also hosts mock World War II battles at Rawtenstall and Ramsbottom stations along the route .
Steam trains also transported the visitors in coaches from the 1940s to stations that had turned back the clock .
Organisers were expecting an attendance of around 10,000 at the event , which featured tea dancers , vintage and military vehicles , as well as a parade at Irwell Vale station .
There was also a display of fashion and a sale of vintage items from the time period .
A ring-tailed lemur reacts as a keeper walks through his new enclosure at Taronga Zoo in Sydney .
West Midland Safari Park is celebrating the birth six lemur babies , including two sets of twins .
The tiny ring tailed youngsters - which were barely the size of newborn kittens at birth and weighed no more than 56 grams ( about 2 ounces ) - are now much less shy and can regularly be seen hitching a lift with Mum around the woodland .
Twin polar bears are taken for a walk at Dalian Laohutan Ocean Park , Dalian , Liaoning Province , China .
An aquarium in China is recruiting 100 pairs of twin children to play with their twin polar bears at a party next week .
On the same day the aquarium will also announce the polar bears ' names , which have been decided upon by the public .
The cub used to be afraid of the water but now amuses visitors to Aalborg Zoo in Denmark with his diving skills .
The cheeky bear previously delighted on lookers with his infatuation with a blue bucket , which he insisted wearing on his head .
This bald eagle may look like it 's jet propelled as an aeroplane 's engines ' exhaust trails seem to be billowing out of the bird 's talons as it soars in the air .
A sparrow catches the ankle of a winged intruder trying to steal its dinner .
The bird was feeding underwater and popped its head up just as Mark was about to catch the wave .
This grebe , sporting what looks like a Beatles mop-top hairdo was captured by photographer Rob Palmer in North East Colorado , America .
Two Little Owls ( Athene noctua ) were spotted getting affectionate as they prepared to start their mating season .
Blue tits nest in an ashtray outside a cafe at Kylemore Abbey in County Galway , Ireland .
The nest - complete with four little chicks - was spotted by cleaning staff .
The cafe has now imposed a strict no smoking policy in the area surrounding the nest .
A rare white kiwi chick is pictured at New Zealand 's Pukaha Mt Bruce national wildlife centre .
A white peacock is pictured on a warm spring day in a park in Bucharest , Romania .
A six-month-old albino wallaby named Alberta is pictured with a regular-coloured animal at the Vogel park in Marlow , Germany .
Meet Bernie the kangaroo joey , who was resuscitated by wildlife rescuer , Lisa Milligan , after she found him abandoned and apparently lifeless by the side of the road in Melbourne , Australia .
Telegraph reader Michael Cookson sent us this fantastic photo , saying this is " a red deer known locally as Bin Laden .
one year he was injured in the rutting season and the local villagers looked after his wounds and fed him tidbits .
After that he lived in the hills and came down to the village for food and attention .
A female panda named Lin Ping enjoys a birthday cake made of ice and soft drinks to celebrate turning two , at Chiang Mai Zoo in northern Thailand .
Daily Telegraph reader Martin Greenslade took this photograph of a wood mouse on a bird feeder in his garden in Chertsey , Surrey .
An 18-day-old pygmy hippopotamus makes his first public appearance with its 29-year-old mother Dina at the Bratislava zoo .
A dog nurses two liger cubs at Xixiakou Wildlife Zoo in Weihai in east China 's Shandong province .
Four cubs were born to a female tiger and a male lion on May 13 .
The tiger mother fed the ligers for four days then abandoned them .
Zoo workers brought in a dog to nurse them instead , but two died of weakness .
A Sumatran tiger named Malea cleans one of her cubs in their enclosure at the zoo in Frankfurt , Germany .
Baby orangutan Changi , who is almost a year old , plays in his enclosure at the zoo in Krefeld , western Germany .
Rhesus monkeys sit on a gate of the Presidential Palace in New Delhi , India .
A monkey cools off in a water tub on a hot afternoon in Jammu , India .
A monkey drinks water from a water tap on a hot afternoon in Jammu , India .
A giraffe licks its own back at an enclosure at the Nehru Zoological Park in Hyderabad , India .
Purple sheep graze next to the M8 motorway in Bathgate , Scotland .
The sheep have been dyed purple to raise awareness of Scottish veterans ' charity Erskine to mark a new fundraising campaign .
A Labrador has become surrogate mother to two baby rabbits .
My daughters discovered what Koa found :
there were three little bunnies .
They rushed one of the little rabbits to our neighbour , Dr. Dani Olsen , who is a vet .
Unfortunately it did not survive .
But the other two little bunnies have thrived under our daughters ' care .
Koa is like their surrogate mother .
Newborn llama Susanne with mother Evita at Bergzoo Halle in Saxony Anhalt , Germany .
Tapeko , a bottlenose dolphin , is given an ultrasound scan to confirm that she is pregnant , at Brookfield Zoo in Illinois .
Searching all the porn on the Internet might not seem like the most scientifically productive activity , but computational neuroscientists Ogi Ogas and Sai Gaddam did it anyway .
For their new book , A Billion Wicked Thoughts : What the World 's Largest Experiment Reveals about Human Desire ,
Ogas and Gaddam analyzed the results of 400 million online searches for porn and uncovered some startling insights into what men and women may really want from each other  at least sexually .
I spoke recently with Ogas .
Why did you decide to analyze online porn searches ?
I 'm a computational neuroscientist .
I view the mind as software .
Most computational neuroscientists study higher functions like memory , language and vision .
We wanted to apply the same techniques to a lower part of the brain , the sexual part .
So is " Rule 34 " true  that if you can imagine it , there's porn of it ?
When we first started , Rule 34 was almost a guiding idea .
The Internet has every kind of imaginable porn ;
searches are going to reflect immense diversity .
We quickly realized that [ the data ] didn't really support that .
Even though you can find an instance of any kind of porn you can imagine , people search for and spend money and time on 20 sexual interests , which account for 80% of all porn .
The top five are youth , gays , [ sexy mothers , ] breasts and cheating wives .
Why are cheating wives so popular ?
You 'd expect that would not be something men would like to think about .
It 's one of the top interests all around the world .
Men are wired to be sexually jealous .
And , certainly , men can fly into murderous rages , but simultaneously they 're also sexually aroused .
This is an example of what biologists call a sperm competition cue .
Across the animal kingdom , when males see other males mating , it tends to provoke arousal .
If he is going to compete with the other male , he has to produce more sperm .
Human men also respond like this .
If a man sees a woman  including his partner  with another man , he becomes more aroused .
There 's been a lot of concern that porn is getting more violent and more misogynistic and that the Internet is making it harder for women because porn makes men want more extreme sex .
What does your research show ?
It 's not at all more violent or misogynistic .
We really looked at all porn searches .
Truly violent pornography is extremely rare .
It truly is rare and the kind of people who watch it are a clearly identifiable group .
So why do we keep hearing that it 's getting worse and worse ?
I wouldn't say there 's a trend . It 's been pretty consistent .
There 's lots of male dominant porn . He blackmails the woman into having sex ; the professor seduces a student , they 're having sex to get cash for schoolbooks .
We think all of these are creative variations to trigger male-dominance cues [ which are sexually arousing to men . ]
Why do the themes of dominance and submission keep recurring ?
Women are often aroused by women being submissive .
It 's more complicated for women because of the separation between physical and psychological arousal .
Women have very mixed feelings when [ it comes to sexual submission . ]
But rape fantasies are extremely prevalent .
Obviously , that doesn't mean that women want to be raped , but doesn't the prevalence of forced sex in porn make men think that they do ?
It 's not teaching men to be misogynistic ; it doesn't spill over into social life .
It 's really no different from looking at large breasts .
But women react to these psychological elements and understandably and accurately see them as a kind of misogyny .
However , we 're talking sex and arousal , not social politics .
A rape fantasy doesn't mean a woman really wants to be raped  it 's just something that turns [ her ] on [ in the bedroom . ]
There are real concerns , though , that Internet porn will increase sex crimes because of the way it portrays things like that .
Anybody can do a simple thought experiment [ to refute that . ]
In the late 60s and early 70s , feminists were saying that porn trained guys to be rapists .
That was before home video , and there were probably only 100 different porn magazines in the country .
You had to go to [ sleazy places to watch porn . ]
Now there are a million websites where you can get it for free around the clock .
You would expect rape to skyrocket .
There are more guys watching more porn more often .
But , in fact , rape has gone down in America .
Also , in Japan in the mid-'90s , they loosened their obscenity laws .
Now rape is down there too .
It certainly seems to be case that more access to porn is associated with less rape .
Rather than making people want to go out and rape , it satisfies the urge .
What types of porn are most popular for men ?
It 's youth by a wide margin , like cheerleaders .
But we were surprised to find that even though men prefer youth mostly , there 's also a very significant interest in porn with women in their 40s , 50s and even 60s .
That 's called granny porn .
That 's fabulous for older women who seem to have been written off by evolutionary psychology .
Seriously , though , the interest appears to be completely counter to evolutionary predictions that overt signs of fertility are crucial .
Yes , we found something that overturns narrow evolutionary psychology predictions .
Some of our findings require other explanations than evolutionary ones .
What do women prefer ?
Women prefer stories to visual porn by a long shot .
The most popular erotica for women is the romance novel .
That has more punch than any other kind of erotica .
This is something that has really exploded on the Internet .
These are stories written by amateurs , mostly women , about characters from pop culture , movies , books , etc .
Is this the kind of thing in which Kirk and Spock from Star Trek would have an affair ?
Yes , that 's called slash .
Stories about two male characters are very popular .
But the most popular fan fiction is about Harry Potter by a wide margin , followed by Twilight .
Why do women prefer stories and men prefer visuals ?
There are two reasons .
Both come down to fundamental differences between the male sexual brain and the female sexual brain .
One of the most basic differences is that the male brain responds to any single sexual stimulus .
A nice chest , two girls kissing , older women  if that 's what they 're attracted to .
Any one thing will trigger arousal in a male .
Female desire requires multiple stimuli simultaneously or in quick succession .
It takes more stimuli and more variety of these stimuli to trigger genuine arousal .
For a guy , the most common form of [ masturbation material ] is a 60-second porn clip .
For a woman , it can be a 250-page novel or a 2,000-word story .
That 's the way to get multiple stimuli .
Stories have greater flexibility to offer a greater variety of stimuli .
In male erotica , sex appears in the first one-quarter of the story [ or film . ]
For women , it 's halfway in .
There 's more time to develop the character before sex .
How else does male and female sexuality differ ?
Another fundamental difference between men and women  perhaps the most important defining difference  is that in the male brain , physical and psychological arousal are united .
If a man is physically turned on , he 's mentally turned on too .
With women , physical arousal and mental arousal are separate .
[ Research finds that women get physically aroused sometimes even when they find the situation disgusting ] .
The female brain is designed to be cautious , most likely because historically the woman who slept with the first guy she met might have a harder time raising children ; he might not stick around .
Women are designed to be cautious and gather more information .
That 's why fan fiction is all about exploring the emotions and character of the hero .
In romance novels , the heroine learns about the secret inner life of the hero .
That 's especially true in slash : that 's doubling up .
There are two men  two masculine , strong alpha males who reveal their tender side .
The emotional process of revealing true character is what 's so appealing to women .
Why would straight men want to watch lesbians , and why would women write stories about gay men ?
[ Straight ] guys are turn on by lesbians because it 's a doubling of visual cues .
And one psychological cue for arousal in men is female sexual pleasure .
Seeing lesbians kissing doubles that too .
For women in slash fiction , it 's the psychological cues of a man 's character , stature , passion and emotional communication  slash doubles those .
What 's up with men 's interest in mothers ?
It 's not so much that they 're moms , but that they 're older women .
They are usually portrayed as aggressive and seductive .
They are not timid . They 're quite confident and bold .
Men who like that like the idea of an innocent younger man being seduced or taught by an older woman .
Did you find evidence that porn is addictive ?
We looked at individual search histories for half a million people using an AOL data set [ which does not identify the users . ]
It seems to be less than 2% of people , among the people who search for porn , who have a significantly elevated number of searches .
And there 's a [ shared ] characteristic among these searchers :
they search for a really wide variety of porn , which is atypical .
Usually , people search for the same things over and over .
But these people who search for notably more porn tend to search for [ many different things . ]
Two things tend to show up in these searches , oddly :
bestiality and granny porn .
There 's clearly something different about that group .
Having said that , there isn't overwhelming evidence that porn addiction exists .
Probably the best way to define whether it 's a problem is if you want to stop and you can't .
`` ( 3 ) DISABLING DURING CERTAIN USE . -- An administrator , supervisor , or person authorized by the responsible authority under paragraph ( 1 ) may disable the technology protection measure concerned to enable access for bona fide research or other lawful purposes .
`` ( 4 ) NONCOMPLIANCE . -- `` ( A ) USE OF GENERAL EDUCATION PROVISIONS ACT REMEDIES . -- Whenever the Secretary has reason to believe that any recipient of funds under this title is failing to comply substantially with the requirements of this subsection , the Secretary may -- `` ( i ) withhold further payments to the recipient under this title ,
`` ( ii ) issue a complaint to compel compliance of the recipient through a cease and desist order ,
or `` ( iii ) enter into a compliance agreement with a recipient to bring it into compliance with such requirements , 5 in same manner as the Secretary is authorized to take such actions under sections 455 , 456 , and 457 , respectively , of the General Education Provisions Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1234d . ) ``
( B ) RECOVERY OF FUNDS PROHIBITED . -- The actions authorized by subparagraph ( A ) are the exclusive remedies available with respect to the failure of a school to comply substantially with a provision of this subsection , and the Secretary shall not seek a recovery of funds from the recipient for such failure . ``
( C ) RECOMMENDATION OF PAYMENTS . -- Whenever the Secretary determines ( whether by certification or other appropriate evidence ) that a recipient of funds who is subject to the withholding of payments under subparagraph ( A ) ( i ) has cured the failure providing the basis for the withholding of payments , the Secretary shall cease the withholding of payments to the recipient under that subparagraph . ``
( 5 ) DEFINITIONS . -- In this section : ``
( A ) COMPUTER . -- The term ` computer ' includes any hardware , software , or other technology attached or connected to , installed in , or otherwise used in connection with a computer . ``
( B ) ACCESS TO INTERNET . -- A computer shall be considered to have access to the Internet if such computer is equipped with a modem or is connected to a computer network which has access to the Internet . ``
( C ) ACQUISITION OR OPERATION . -- A elementary or secondary school shall be considered to have received funds under this title for the acquisition or operation of any computer if such funds are used in any manner , directly or indirectly -- `` ( i ) to purchase , lease , or otherwise acquire or obtain the use of such computer ;
or `` ( ii ) to obtain services , supplies , software , or other actions or materials to support , or in connection with , the operation of such computer . ``
( D ) MINOR . -- The term ` minor ' means an individual who has not attained the age of 17 . ``
( E ) CHILD PORNOGRAPHY . -- The term ` child pornography ' has the meaning given such term in section 2256 of title 18 , United States Code . ``
( F ) HARMFUL TO MINORS . -- The term ` harmful to minors ' means any picture , image , graphic image file , or other visual depiction that -- `` ( i ) taken as a whole and with respect to minors , appeals to a prurient interest in nudity , sex , or excretion ;
`` ( ii ) depicts , describes , or represents , in a patently offensive way with respect to what is suitable for minors , an actual or simulated sexual act or sexual contact , actual or simulated normal or perverted sexual acts , or a lewd exhibition of the genitals ;
and `` ( iii ) taken as a whole , lacks serious literary , artistic , political , or scientific value as to minors . ``
( G ) OBSCENE . -- The term ` obscene ' has the meaning given such term in section 1460 of title 18 , United States Code . ``
( H ) SEXUAL ACT ; SEXUAL CONTACT . -- The terms ` sexual act ' and ` sexual contact ' have the meanings given such terms in section 2246 of title 18 , United States Code . ``
( b ) EFFECTIVE DATE . -- This section shall take effect 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Children 's Internet Protection Act . ``
( c ) SEPARABILITY . -- If any provision of this section is held invalid , the remainder of this section shall not be affected thereby ' .
SEC. 1712 . LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS FOR LIBRARIES . ( a ) AMENDMENT . -- Section 224 of the Museum and Library Services Act ( 20 U.S.C. 9134 ( b ) ) is amended -- ( 1 ) in subsection ( b ) -- ( A ) by redesignating paragraph ( 6 ) as paragraph ( 7 ) ;
and ( B ) by inserting after paragraph ( 5 ) the following new paragraph :
and '' ( 2 ) by adding at the end the following new subsection : ``
`` ( 6 ) provide assurances that the State will comply with subsection ( f ) ;
( f ) INTERNET SAFETY . -- `` ( 1 ) IN GENERAL . -- No funds made available under this Act for a library described in section 213 ( 2 ) ( A ) or ( B ) that does not receive services at discount rates under section 254 ( h ) ( 5 ) of the Communications Act of 1934 , as added by section 1721 of this Children 's Internet Protection Act , may be used to purchase computers used to access the Internet , or to pay for direct costs associated with accessing the Internet , for such library unless -- `` ( A ) such library -- `` ( i ) has in place a policy of Internet safety for minors that includes the operation of a technology protection measure with respect to any of its computers with Internet access that protects against access through such computers to visual depictions that are -- `` ( I ) obscene ; ``
( II ) child pornography ;
or `` ( III ) harmful to minors ;
and `` ( ii ) is enforcing the operation of such technology protection measure during any use of such computers by minors ;
and `` ( B ) such library -- `` ( i ) has in place a policy of Internet safety that includes the operation of a technology protection measure with respect to any of its computers with Internet access that protects against access through such computers to visual depictions that are -- `` ( I ) obscene ;
or `` ( II ) child pornography ;
and `` ( ii ) is enforcing the operation of such technology protection measure during any use of such computers . ``
( 2 ) ACCESS TO OTHER MATERIALS . -- Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a library from limiting Internet access to or otherwise protecting against materials other than those referred to in subclauses ( I , ) ( II , ) and ( III ) of paragraph ( 1 ) ( A ) ( i . ) ``
( 3 ) DISABLING DURING CERTAIN USE . -- An administrator , supervisor , or other authority may disable a technology protection measure under paragraph ( 1 ) to enable access for bona fide research or other lawful purposes . ``
( 4 ) TIMING AND APPLICABILITY OF IMPLEMENTATION . -- `` ( A ) IN GENERAL . -- A library covered by paragraph ( 1 ) shall certify the compliance of such library with the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) as part of the application process for the next program funding year under this Act following the effective date of this subsection , and for each subsequent program funding year thereafter . ``
( B ) PROCESS . -- `` ( i ) LIBRARIES WITH INTERNET SAFETY POLICIES AND TECHNOLOGY PROTECTION MEASURES IN PLACE . -- A library covered by paragraph ( 1 ) that has in place an Internet safety policy meeting the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) shall certify its compliance with paragraph ( 1 ) during each annual program application cycle under this Act . ``
( ii ) LIBRARIES WITHOUT INTERNET SAFETY POLICIES AND TECHNOLOGY PROTECTION MEASURES IN PLACE . -- A library covered by paragraph ( 1 ) that does not have in place an Internet safety policy meeting the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) -- `` ( I ) for the first program year after the effective date of this subsection in which the library applies for funds under this Act , shall certify that it is undertaking such actions , including any necessary procurement procedures , to put in place an Internet safety policy that meets such requirements ;
and `` ( II ) for the second program year after the effective date of this subsection in which the library applies for funds under this Act , shall certify that such library is in compliance with such requirements .
Any library covered by paragraph ( 1 ) that is unable to certify compliance with such requirements in such second program year shall be ineligible for all funding under this Act for such second program year and all subsequent program years until such time as such library comes into compliance with such requirements . ``
( iii ) WAIVERS . -- Any library subject to a certification under clause ( ii ) ( II ) that cannot make the certification otherwise required by that clause may seek a waiver of that clause if State or local procurement rules or regulations or competitive bidding requirements prevent the making of the certification otherwise required by that clause .
The library shall notify the Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services of the applicability of that clause to the library .
Such notice shall certify that the library will comply with the requirements in paragraph ( 1 ) before the start of the third program year after the effective date of this subsection for which the library is applying for funds under this Act .
" Mayak " is a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant in Russia .
Today we 'll visit a nuclear fuel recycling plant called RT-1 which is just one link in the " Mayak " chain system .
The plant deals with acceptance and recycling of processed nuclear fuel .
The town Chelyabinsk-40 together with production association " Mayak " ( translated as " Lighthouse " into English ) were the firstlings of the Soviet nuclear industry .
Because of secrecy , postal address of the town was changed many times . At first it was Chelyabinsk-40 , later Chelyabinsk-65 , since 1995  Ozersk .
Thus , a secret industrial nuclear reactor appeared near the town of Kyshtym .
They produced enriched uranium there .
Construction of the nuclear reactor was started in 1947 , and it had to reach its planned production capacity in June of 1948 .
However , because of engineering malfunctions , already functioning reactor was stopped for emergency repair , and the activation was postponed till March of 1949 .
In the meantime , construction of industrial complex was going on .
" Ozersk " " Radioactive Territory , No Entry . " Men and women use separate entries .
Clothes are totally changed . Touching anything here as well as putting backpacks on the floor is not allowed .
A place where the shoes are changed . " Stop and change your shoes " !
After containers with nuclear fuel reach the unit the screws are removed .
Personnel leaves the unit , a huge door is closed .
The fuel is removed with the help of automatically controlled cranes .
The fuel is later put in a reservoir filled with distilled water under the hatches and moved into a temporary warehouse .
" Zone of limited holding time , 5 meters " The device is used not to carry dust from one unit to another one .
" No entry , dangerous area , fuel unloading "
The employers are standing right on the reservoir mentioned .
Assemblies with fuel .
General view of the production unit .
Control room .
The assemblies are removed , the filling is divided into pieces and put into a solvent .
The fuel then undergoes a number of chemical transformations and is deprived of uranium and plutonium .
Parts which are not dissolved get pressed and stored on the territory of the plant under constant observation .
The yellow container carries finished assemblies with fuel .
Shipment of finished products .
Gross weight 96000 tn .
" Let 's work with maximal performance "  a communist slogan left .
Containers are shipped on special trains .
That 's what a carriage looks like .
Containers to carry uranium .
The level of radiation is checked at the exit .
A monument next to Kyshtym says " In memoriam of disaster liquidators . "
The radiation contamination incident occurred in 1957 at " Mayak . "
Radioactive trace left after the incident at " Mayak . "
It measured as a Level 6 disaster on the International Nuclear Event Scale .
By the way , it is planned that part of Fukishima nuclear wastes will be transported to the Ural Mountains and buried there at " Mayak . "
This fall , young girls in China 's southern Guangdong province will be learning a new subject in school :
how to avoid becoming a mistress .
Although Chairman Mao kept a stable of women at his disposal , extramarital peccadilloes were frowned upon during China 's more fervent socialist years .
But as economic reforms have helped Guangdong become one of the nation 's wealthiest regions , the province has been beset by a flood of ernai , literally , " second breast " , as mistresses are commonly known in China .
In 2007 , Guangdong passed a piece of legislation that outlawed the keeping of mistresses , but wasn't able to enforce it .
The provincial government 's new solution is a pioneering " female education program " across elementary and high schools that aims to teach girls to depend on themselves  not sugar daddies  for their future .
" The education will focus on self-esteem , self-confidence , self-reliance and self-improvement " , Lei Yulan , vice governor of Guangdong , told a symposium when the initiative was announced in March .
But Li Yinhe , a researcher at the Institute of Sociology at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences ( CASS , ) says that education alone will not be the answer to a problem so deeply ingrained in Chinese culture .
" This is a social custom , and it 's well known that social customs are the hardest to change " , Li says .
" In traditional society , people believed that the more wives a man had the more successful he was .
Now this tradition has found room to grow again " .
Throughout China 's dynastic history , keeping mistresses was not only tolerated , but actually had the official seal of approval from the men at the top .
The country 's emperors maintained legendary harems of concubines , as did noblemen , wealthy merchants and anyone seeking to enhance their social status .
Indeed , the country 's most famous classic novel , Dream of the Red Chamber , relates the story of an imperial concubine in the Qing dynasty who supports her entire family , including its own numerous concubines , thanks to the emperor 's patronage .
That historical context has perpetuated the notion that having a mistress equates to having status and power .
Now , in today 's status-hungry China , keeping a mistress is once again the fashionable thing to do .
In some cities , an entire ecosystem has sprung up to support the ernai industry .
A recent online expos revealed an ernai agency in Shanghai that provided a menu of potential college-student mistresses for men willing to pay .
The annual maintenance fees ranged from just $ 3,000 for students in less renowned schools to about $ 26,000 for students from the best campuses .
That well-educated young women would be willing to forgo their careers to become ernais is , some argue , an example of the worst excesses of China 's newfound fixation with the trappings of wealth .
The trend also undercuts the country 's socialist commitment to ensuring that women and men are treated equally in the workplace .
What does it say that a young woman with a degree from an elite school could be just as likely to choose being a kept woman as a rising academic ?
In China today , the search for a partner is often not inspired by love  but driven by a stark financial calculus .
" I 'd rather cry in the back seat of a BMW than smile on a back of a bike " , is the common attitude of acertain segment of young girls when they are looking for wealthy partners .
On the country 's most popular online-dating sites , women cannot search for potential mates by common interests or hobbies , but they can select whether they require their prospective partner to have a house and a car , as well as the minimum salary level they would find acceptable .
At the same time , the booming economy means that many men now have the financial clout and disposable income to support another lover .
" Economic growth has made some people rich , so they can afford to spend money on more women  especially since they have this traditional idea that having more women equates to being more successful " , says Li .
And With more and more women willing to play the game , social mores are shifting .
While throughout the centuries men who kept mistresses have consistently been regarded as successful , attitudes toward the women who serve those men have become noticeably more lenient in recent years .
No one typifies this better than pseudo celebrity Li Wei , the self-styled " Queen of Mistresses " .
Arriving in southwestern Yunnan province as a penniless refugee from Vietnam , Li managed a series of affairs with ever more senior politicians .
She then parlayed her charms into a vast empire of property and stocks .
When it inevitably all came crashing down , Li cut a deal with prosecutors and turned in her many past lovers for lengthy sentences , while she herself served just a short sentence and emerged with most of her wealth still intact .
Her conquests included Li Jiating , governor of Yunnan , and after Li was jailed , Du Shicheng , Communist Party secretary of Qingdao , who enabled Li to make a fortune from Qingdao 's role as a host city for the 2008 Olympics .
Yet for all her corruption , deceit and treachery , Li has earned as many admirers among the Chinese public as she has detractors .
Some delight in the power that a commoner wielded over corrupt officials , while others respect her for having made her way to the top from humble beginnings .
" If she only had a pretty face , and nothing else , there is no way she could have tempted all those officials " , said one poster on popular online forum Tianya .
" She must have had something that other girls didn't  maturity , tolerance and knowledge " .
With respect for ernais on the rise , and attitudes toward cheating men unchanged through the centuries , CASS 's Li argues that focusing on female education alone is not going to solve the problem .
" You can't only educate the females and expect to solve the problem .
Why not educate the men as well " ?
she asks . " After all , they 're the ones who go looking for mistresses " .
The Spaniards put on a stunning display of passing , movement and clinical finishing at Wembley to lift the European Cup for the fourth time .
Wayne Rooney equalised after Pedro scored , but goals from Lionel Messi and David Villa left United well beaten .
" Nobody 's given us a hiding like that but they deserve it " , Ferguson said .
" They play the right way and they enjoy their football . They do mesmerize you with their passing and we never really did control Messi . But many people have said that . "
In my time as manager , it 's the best team I 've faced . " Having already experienced defeat by Barcelona in a Champions League final - in Rome in 2009 - Ferguson was desperate not for history to repeat itself .
But his side were outplayed and outclassed , with Messi at the heart of everything good about Barcelona - and there was plenty that was good .
Ferguson compared Saturday 's loss to the famous 4-0 drubbing United received from Barcelona at the Nou Camp in 1994 , a result which helped redefine his team 's approach to European competitions . "
It 's not going to be easy , but that 's the challenge " , Ferguson said .
You shouldn't be afraid of a challenge . The one thing we have shown is that we are consistent in Europe .
" This may be the kind of stepping stone that we had some years ago when we got beaten 4-0 . We improved after that and we want to improve after tonight " .
Barcelona 's victory was their second triumph in the Champions League in three years - and their third in five years .
Ferguson admitted that Barcelona would be difficult to beat so long as their star players Messi , Andres Iniesta and Xavi Hernandez remained in their ranks .
" I think that great teams do go in cycles , and I think the cycle they 're in at the moment makes them the best in Europe , there 's no question of that " , said the Scot .
" How long it lasts , whether they can replace that team at a certain point , who knows ?
But they certainly have the philosophy . "
It 's always difficult to say whether you 'll be able to replace players like Xavi and Iniesta at a certain point .
"
A view of Dhaulagiri , which reaches about 8,167 metres .
( Stacy Tasman ) In less than a year , a road will cut Nepal 's classic 250-kilometre Annapurna Circuit in half , threatening the livelihoods of local villages and turning one of the world 's most challenging treks into a short hike in the Himalayas .
The Annapurna Circuit features several famous Himalayan high peaks including Manaslu , Dhaulagiri and Annapurna I , II , III and IV , with Annapurna I towering at 8,091 metres as the 10th highest peak in the world .
A good taste of the trek , which includes Thorong La pass ( the highest point at 5,416 metres ) and skips much of the terrain thereafter , can be done in 10 to 12 days , but trekking entire 250-kilometre route requires closer to three weeks .
When the road is fully constructed in spring of 2012 , the first 10 days of the trip will be cut to a two-day dusty drive .
Though the new road will make it easy for short trips , resort-style hikes and commercial luxuries , it will cut out the earlier walking paths that Nepal and its loyal trekkers have coveted since the country first opened its doors to outsiders in 1949 .
It will also destroy the serene , expansive and raw environment that the country , envied for its hefty share of the Himalayas , has long been noted for .
The thrill of reaching Thorong La pass , which once took an inspiring two weeks , will be shortened to two days , and this epic and emotional day , which haunts you in the most motivating way , will lose much of its glory if reached by such an industrial path .
Tea houses , porters , guides and craftsmen nestled in these villages have had a long history of supporting trekkers on their way to Thorong La pass and their livelihood depends on the passing foot-traffic .
The three-fourths completed road will allow tourists to bypass these villages and drive straight up to Manang , a larger town where many trekkers take a rest the night before crossing the pass .
The quickened route may also take a toll on how hikers adjust to the higher altitudes .
A slow and steady trek that allows time for acclimatization is the safest way to ascend and prevent altitude sickness , which could have fatal consequences .
The Himalayan Rescue Association , a non-profit health organization that offers safety seminars to trekkers in Manang , warns that ascending more than 300 or 400 metres higher than the previous day 's sleeping altitude is not safe , especially when you are above 3,000 metres .
The newly constructed road will lead from Besi Sahar , at 820 metres to Manang , at 3,520 metres , allowing travellers to ascend 2,700 metres in just two driving days . Go now With less than a handful of prime trekking months left before the road is finished , the time to go is now , before modern conveniences overtake the most prized and ancient cultural experience in Nepal .
For ideal conditions and the clearest views , spring and autumn are the best seasons to go , April and May or September and October specifically .
It is important to give yourself a relaxed schedule , as the essence of the Annapurna Circuit is the area 's tranquil ability to cease time .
Annapurna is manageable for trekkers with little experience .
The circuit is more known for its varied terrain than its difficulty , and while some days can be a challenge , each day can be completed by mid-afternoon .
Along the circuit , travellers are afforded comfortable resting in traditional-style tea houses .
The houses are conveniently spaced less than an hour walking distance from each other and offer steaming tea , hearty plates of fuel and warm , if firm , beds .
The menus are easy to read , in English and are surprisingly extensive .
Pastries can be found up and down the trail , and Yak steaks ,
or Nepal 's native dish Dal Bhat , can supply much-needed protein .
The higher your elevation , the more expensive your costs , but that is in extremely relative terms .
On average , lodging will cost you 50 to 200 Nepali rupees a night , and each meal with a pot of tea , will run you 200 to 300 rupees .
Additional expenses come when enlisting the help of porters and guides .
Your best bet , if sticking to a lighter budget and pack-load , is to hire a combined porter-guide .
someone to carry your packs who speaks enough English to provide backcountry education and native guidance .
You will most likely start off your trek in either Kathmandu or Pokhara , where hostels , hotels or recently-returned trekkers can offer recommendations .
If a tour company is more your style , there are plenty of local English-speaking agencies to go through .
The circuit is also well-reputed for its ease without a guide .
It is extremely accessible and can be navigated with the help of frequent direction posts or by the pointing fingers of local villagers .
These trails , many that seem magically untouched by time , are the same trails that villagers have used for years to import and export their well-beings .
It is safe to say that almost every hour you will pass a native Nepalese carrying four times the size of your pack with one-eighth the difficulty .
CHINA 'S economy is so huge , and its significance to the world so great , that it is easy to forget the country 's property market is still in its adolescence .
Two decades ago most city folk were consigned to dilapidated quarters provided by their state-owned employer .
In the years since then house building has boomed and the cult of home ownership has taken a hold on the Chinese psyche .
But the market has seen epic swings , and prices are now falling in many big cities .
This is having a big impact on China 's local governments .
They carry out over four-fifths of the country 's public spending , but pocket only half of the taxes .
To help make up the difference , they rely on expropriating land from farmers and flogging it to bullish property developers .
But as developers struggle , land sales are dwindling .
As a result , local-government revenue is drying up . Popular resentment , meanwhile , is not .
In Wukan , in the southern province of Guangdong , aggrieved villagers rose up in December against land-grabbing officials , chasing the local party chief away .
In other parts of the world local governments raise revenues by taxing homes based on something like their market value .
In China taxing property is a touchy subject .
The government had tried imposing a variety of levies on the sale , size and historical cost of property , but none on the market value of homes .
That changed a year ago , when Chongqing and Shanghai , two giant cities , introduced a pilot tax on some upmarket homes .
The tax was largely symbolic , levied at low rates on a few thousand homes in each city .
But it nonetheless set a precedent .
China should now broaden that tax to as many properties as possible , in cities across the country .
For local governments a fully fledged property tax would provide a stable source of revenue .
Unlike workers or business people , homes cannot up sticks and leave .
A property tax raises revenue year after year , in contrast to a land lease , which can be sold only once .
What 's more , such taxes allow local authorities to capture some of the value they create :
as they invest in local amenities , property values rise , and so do the taxes they are able to collect .
Home truths A property tax could also temper the wild swings in China 's housing market .
A recurring levy would make it costlier to buy and hold a second or third home as a speculative bet on rising prices .
That would force some absentee homeowners to sell their vacant flats or rent them to the many citizens priced out of the market .
Some economists believe that the light taxation of land in Japan contributed to its ruinous asset-price bubble in the 1980s .
A property tax would by no means be easy to implement in China .
It would require homes to be registered , title to be clear and the appraisal of property values to be credible .
But similar obstacles have been overcome in other developing economies , including many cities in India .
Under Chairman Mao , taxes on private property all but vanished along with private property itself .
Today 's Chinese set no store by the old socialist doctrine that " property is theft . "
But many urban Chinese now think of taxation that way . They feel , with some justification , that they already pay too much to a state that provides too little .
This antipathy is not lost on China 's local governments .
They are wary of angering the urban middle class , who own their own homes , and the city elites ( including party officials and their families , ) who usually own several .
So they continue to cause anger by throwing rural folk off their land .
China must now act boldly to reform its taxation of property .
Otherwise it will have to face the consequences of continued weak local-government finances and even more social unrest .
Earliest American Dogs May Have Been Dinner
In 1912 , Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen and his team fought more than exhaustion and cold on their famous quest to become the first humans to reach the South Pole .
The rations they had packed for the arduous dog-sled journey across Antarctica proved insufficient , so Amundsen and his men decided to shoot and eat some of their dogs .
The explorer later described the fare as delicious , adding that " it is anything but a real hardship to eat dog flesh " .
Amundsen may have come up with the idea after hearing stories of aboriginal hunters in Greenland eating their sled dogs in winter .
But just how long have humans regarded Fido as food ?
In a paper published online this month in the American Journal of Physical Anthropology , a team headed by geneticist Raul Tito at the University of Oklahoma in Norman reports finding a dog bone in 9260-year-old naturally preserved human feces .
According to team member Samuel Belknap III , a graduate student at the University of Maine , Orono , it is the earliest incontrovertible evidence for domestic dogs in the New World .
" And I feel fairly confident that it 's the oldest direct evidence of human consumption of dog in the world " , notes Belknap .
Belknap discovered the bone while identifying the contents of ancient human feces excavated from a lower layer at a rock shelter known as Hinds Cave in Texas .
The ancient fecal material , or coprolite , was littered with seared prickly pear seeds  a food prepared and cooked by humans  and flecked with small bones from fish , birds , and rodents .
Belknap was initially surprised to find the bone of a larger mammal .
Further analysis suggested that it was part of a dog 's skull  the occipital condyle , a knoblike structure on the back of the head , near the first vertebra  and studies by fellow University of Maine graduate student Robert Ingraham at the Harvard University Museum of Comparative Zoology showed that it closely matched that from a Native American dog collected in New Mexico .
That dog weighed about 25 to 30 pounds in life and possessed a short nose .
" Our dog probably represents the ancestor of those dogs " , says Belknap .
The team obtained the date of 9260 years ago for the coprolite by radiocarbon dating one of the prickly pear seeds inside .
But the early date , says Belknap , necessitated a more definitive identification of the bone .
Research teams elsewhere had advanced claims for other dogs in this time range in the New World , but critics had frequently disputed the findings .
The best evidence of an early dog in the New World came from a 9400-year-old skeleton from the Koster site in Illinois , but the dog was dated only in association with charcoal from a hearth , and the identification was based on just one line of evidence :
skeletal characteristics
To conclusively identify the Hinds Cave bone , Tito and his colleagues at the University of Oklahoma 's Molecular Anthropology Ancient DNA Laboratory took two small samples from the bone for DNA testing .
They sequenced a 368 base pair fragment from the mitochrondrial genome and then compared it to sequences from ancient dogs , as well as to sequences from modern dogs , wolves , and coyotes .
The Hinds Cave bone fell into Clade 1 , a group belonging solely to modern and ancient dogs .
" This data predates any other genetic data on dogs in the New World by 7800 years " , says team member Cecil Lewis Jr. , a geneticist at the University of Oklahoma .
Jennifer Leonard , a geneticist at the University of Uppsala in Sweden who was not involved in the project , thinks the findings are solid .
" I was impressed by the strength of their evidence that people were eating dogs at this time " .
But she is not terribly surprised that ancient humans saw man 's best friend as more than a companion or hunting assistant .
" Most Americans living in cities and suburbs don't see their dogs as food , but there are lots of historical records of Native Americans eating dogs " , she says .
As an octopus , a squid , or a cuttlefish moves around a reef in the ocean , it instantly camouflages itself against the background .
Known as cephalopods , these animals have the extraordinary ability to conceal themselves from predators by adjusting their skin to take on the colors , shapes and patterns of their local environment .
A research collaboration among three institutions is now trying to understand how they do it .
In the process , the team hopes to find ways to develop materials for use by humans that emulate cephalopods ' skills at camouflage and signaling .
" Our internal name for this project is ' squid skin ' , but it is really about fundamental research " , said Naomi Halas , a materials scientist and nanotechnologist at Rice University in Houston , Texas . " Our deliverable is knowledge -- the basic discoveries that will allow us to make materials that are observant , adaptive , and responsive to their environment " .
The Office of Naval Research is backing the effort with a four-year , $ 6 million grant .
" The Navy is interested in basic science that will help make breakthroughs of specific benefit to the Navy " , explained Roger Hanlon , an animal behavior specialist at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole , Mass .
The project will focus on proteins called opsins .
These usually function in the eyes to sense light .
In 2008 , however , a team headed by Hanlon found that the skin of cephalopods also contains opsins .
Intriguingly , the cephalopods themselves don't possess color vision .
So how do they overcome color-blindness to achieve their camouflage ?
The Mass. lab 's discovery that cephalopods ' skin contained the same opsin as their retinas provided a key clue .
" The presence of opsin means they have some sort of light sensor embedded in their skin " , Halas said .
" So the questions we have are : What can we , as engineers , learn from the way these animals perceive light and color ?
Do their brains play a part , or is this totally downloaded into the skin so it 's not using animal CPU time ?
The Rice engineers plan to use nanomaterials discovered by team member Stephan Link to create sheets of materials that can see light in the same ways as cephalopods ' skin and change color quickly .
A good friend will visit you in hospital and say " Get well soon " and leave .
But a true friend sits near you and says " The nurse is hot , take your time to get well . ".
1 - Honesty
A true friend is always honest no matter what .
It is your duty to tell the truth , even when you know that the truth may hurt and possibly even cost you your friendship
( which it won't if you follow the other 9 rules below . )
Never take something without permission , even if you know that your friend will be okay with it .
Just ask for permission first .
2 - Reliability
A true friend is someone you can rely on .
When you make a promise you will always honor it ,
and when you know you won't be able to stick to your promise it 's best to be honest and tell your friend that you can't keep to the promise .
If you say that you 'll do something or be somewhere at a certain date and time , then be there no matter what .
3 - Respect
A true friend respects time , property and beliefs .
Time is respected by not wasting it .
Be punctual for appointments and let your friend know if you 'll be late or can't make it at all .
Property is respected by not damaging it .
Treat other people 's belongings with care and love .
Beliefs are respected by not judging .
If you know that your friend has certain beliefs and morals , respect them , even if you do n't agree with them .
4 - Bros Before Hoes
Please excuse the expression but I found it very fitting .
Choosing bros before hoes means that you do n't choose a girl or a boy over your friend .
Do n't cancel your plans with your friend or let your friend down just because you want to be with someone you 're interested in .
If the guy or girl you are interested in is really special to you , you can always ask your friend first and they 'll likely understand .
But a true friend does n't drop you to be with someone else .
5 - Selfless
A true friend will sacrifice their own comfort or happiness and put you first .
They are selfless and would not do something for financial or material gain if they knew that it would have a negative effect on your life .
6 - Loyalty
A true friend of you will stand up for you when you need it .
Also when you don't ask them to .
A true friend is not for sale and will never do anything that will compromise your success or happiness .
7 - Patience
A true friend is patient with you .
They are understanding when things need time to change or get better and won't judge you even when you make the same mistake over and over .
As long as you 're making the effort to get better .
8 - Laugh Together Cry Together
A true friend is not a fair-weather friend .
They are there for you in good times and in bad times .
A true friend also shares their own success with you when they achieve it .
9 - Constructive Criticism
A true friend is not scared to tell you what you 're doing wrong .
They 're not scared to seriously intervene if they see that something is seriously bad for you or if you 're going down the wrong path .
But they always support their criticism with advice that can help you improve .
Don't just say " You 're going to go bankrupt with your new business plan . "
Tell them why you think their new business plan will fail .
E.g. " You 're putting all your money into something that is not real ,
or there is an expiry date on the products you 're buying and I don't think you 'll be able to sell even 10 % of what you 're buying . "
10 - Forgiveness
A true friend has the ability to forgive .
Everyone is human and we all make mistakes at times .
We may even break one or more of these golden rules of being a true friend ,
but if you realize that you messed up and you really show that you're sorry and try to make things right , a true friend will be able to forgive you .
Kashgar was also central from an evangelical point of view .
Missionaries were constantly reminded that the town was a meeting place for people from different parts of the world , especially from the Asian countries .
This was very evident for instance at the inauguration of the mission hospital of Betesta in 1907 .
On that occasion , nine languages were used .
For Hijer , the vision soon faded away .
He threw himself upon other tasks .
But within the Mission , the vision remained vivid .
This was particularly clear at times when the Mission was threatened by being closed down .
On those occasions discussions often ended with someone pointing out the strategic motive .
Giving up Kashgar was unthinkable !
The area was a key to the whole of Central Asia !
Kashgar was strategic from a geographical point of view ,
but also demographically with a predominantly Muslim population .
But when the MCCS started mission work in Kashgar among Muslims one reason for that was that these Muslims were governed by China .
When the missionaries to Persia were transferred to Kashgar the reason was that mission work in Persia did not seem to have a future .
There the state was Islamic and everything indicated that the difficulties already experienced by the Mission would only get worse .
It was for instance getting more and more difficult gathering children to the Mission school .
And in addition , the Swedish Mission was not appreciated by the American missionaries who had already started mission work in this area .
And in the early 1890s the objections from the American Mission had become louder and louder concerning the " encroachment " of the Swedes .
In Kashgar there was no mission work being done ,
and more important still , the Muslims were Chinese citizens , and the Chinese state was known to be tolerant towards dissidents .
John Trnquist expresses the strategy in the following way :
" If Eastern Turkestan had been under Muslim rule , the history of a mission in the country would never have been written  but the country is a Chinese province , pagan land .
Thanks to that , there is Christian mission work in the country . "
Hgberg is of the same opinion .
If the tolerant Chinese had not been rulers of the country mission work would have been impossible here , he writes .
And the fact that Kashgar was situated on the edge of the Muslim world was also a good thing , according to the missionaries .
Raquette says : " The time can not be very far away when railways will open up the country for various influences from outside ,
and then we will have to combat what is much worse than superstition and ignorance , i.e. Islam ; hostile to Christ , in Western attire , from where the step is very small to total atheism " .
The short Mission history in Central Asia will show how suitable this place was for mission work among Muslims .
Of course results were never overwhelming , compared to mission work among other peoples , but in terms of mission to Muslims , it came to be successful .
Tatiana's Tavern Jack Bauer had slipped to the back of the tavern and used a metal Dumpster to get a boost to the flat tar roof .
He waited until he heard shots .
Then he peered through the skylight , into the darkened tavern .
By the blue light of the neon exterior , he counted three shooters - someone moving right under him was using the AK-47 .
Arete 's men , the two left standing , fired 9 mm Uzis from behind splintered pool tables .
Jack saw three other shapes from his vantage point - two on the ground , the third sprawled across a table .
A pair of those men were Arete 's ; Jack recognized them from their dusters .
The third was unknown to Jack , and most likely dead .
Jack ducked away from the skylight , leaned against the satellite dish while he contemplated his next move .
He had to capture at least one of Arete 's men alive .
The only way to get information fast was a rough interrogation of the suspects .
He was certain he could quickly break any of Arete 's punks - if they had any useful information .
Jack also wanted to speak to the person or persons Dante Arete sent his hit squad to assassinate .
Jack didn't always subscribe to the dictum that the enemy of my enemy is my friend ,
but right about now he could use an ally on this coast to make up for the deficit of CTU support he was facing .
And if Arete wanted someone dead , it was probably because he knew something that could hurt the gang leader .
Jack wanted a part of that as well .
In the tavern below , a short burst from the AK-47 was followed by a hollow click on an empty magazine - the shooter was out of ammunition .
Arete 's men knew it , too .
Like shadows in the blue neon glow , they slipped out from behind the pool tables and moved to flank the defenseless man .
Jack balanced over the skylight , reloaded his weapon .
He shot through the glass and dropped into the middle of the tavern .
Jack landed in a crouch in front of a startled gunman .
The man raised the Uzi and Jack fired , blowing the top of his head off .
Jack ducked under a broken table and rolled as the other man fired on him .
The shots kicked up splinters from the floor .
" Give up and I won't hurt you " , Jack cried .
He was answered by another burst - which also ended with an empty click .
Jack leaped to his feet and leveled his weapon .
The man in the blue duster looked up fearfully , then let the weapon fall from his grip .
" Step forward and I won't " ..
Suddenly shots filled the tavern as a long burst tore the man in the long coat to bloody pieces .
Jack whirled to find a heavy-set man facing him .
The man instantly dropped the Uzi and threw up his arms when his eyes met Jack 's .
" You must help me " , Georgi Timko pleaded .
" That son of a bitch over there shot my friend .
I ..
I think he 's dying " .
So what happens to al-Qaida now ?
First break down the network into its constituent elements :
the hardcore leadership , the various affiliated groups that have some kind of organisational link to al-Qaida and the ideology , al-Qaida-ism .
The hardcore leadership has always been defined as Bin Laden and his Egyptian associate , Ayman al-Zawahiri , and a few score associates in Pakistan .
Zawahiri is apparently still alive .
However , the ageing former paediatrician has none of the charisma of Bin Laden .
He is good on ideology , strong on strategy and even organisation but can never be the focal point for active followers , whether aspirant jihadis or veteran militants , that Bin Laden was .
There are younger leadership figures , some who have been promoted as al-Qaida has tried to fight its creeping marginalisation in recent years .
But people such as Abu Yayha al'Libi , who is in his mid-40s , can never replace " the sheikh . "
The central leadership of al-Qaida has been splintered in recent years , often pitting Saudi , Egyptian and Libyan militants against each other .
It is now likely to definitively fracture .
What of the affiliate groups or the " network of networks ? "
Decentralising was always an integral part of the strategy of bin Laden .
Al-Qaida was conceived as an umbrella group , channelling and focusing the diverse energies of the various groups active across the Islamic world in the 1990s .
This worked for a while but the main regional groups now  al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula ( largely the Yemen , ) al-Qaida in the Maghreb ( largely Algeria ) and al-Qaida in Iraq are largely independent of the main leadership .
Each is rooted in specific local factors and history .
Their alliance with al-Qaida was usually nominal in any case .
This reminds us how al-Qaida was always only one of scores of radical groups that together constituted the dynamic , varied and evolving phenomenon of Sunni Muslim violent extremism .
Though the death of Bin Laden will fundamentally change the landscape of contemporary militancy it will thus not necessarily have a big immediate effect on affiliate groups beyond discouraging their leadership by showing how , even if it takes 10 years , fugitives do eventually get caught and killed .
The final question is perhaps the most important .
What will the effects be on the ideology ?
Here the situation is less clear .
Bin Laden 's greatest success was to make his particular interpretation of radical Islamism globally known .
There were other strands of militant thinking and strategy around in the late 1990s but 20 years of " propaganda by deed " made bin Laden 's the dominant one .
A thriving jihadi subculture has emerged .
Al-Qaida has become , in many ways , a social movement .
Bin Laden 's death means the removal of the figure at the centre of this construct .
This is undoubtedly important .
Also , many of the myriad factors that have fed radical militancy in recent decades  some of which stretch back decades or even centuries in the Islamic world or in the Islamic world's relationship with the west  are still as potent as ever .
We are living in a new era of polarisation , conspiracy theory and religious identity .
The strategic impact of Bin Laden 's actions depended in part on the reaction of his enemies , particularly the United States .
The consequences of his death do so too .
That said , in recent years the increasing marginalisation of al-Qaida  culturally , socially and geographically  has been very clear .
The Arab Spring demonstrated how Bin Laden 's message had been rejected by those hundreds of millions he once sought to radicalise and mobilise .
Al-Qaida had orchestrated no major successful attack for more than five years .
The recruits were coming to the makeshift Pakistani camps but only in enough numbers to assure the core group 's survival not its success , at least not in the short term .
The most likely scenario in the future is continuing low-level violence and threat shifting around the periphery of the Islamic world depending on local circumstances and the emergence of new leaders .
" My life or death does not matter .
The awakening has started " , Bin Laden boasted in late 2001 .
It will be at least another decade before we know if he was right .
BLANK traffic lights , mayhem on the roads , trains at a standstill , water-treatment plants lying inert , coal miners trapped underground ...
India has felt like the giant set of a disaster movie since Sunday night , when a series of power cuts began to strike the north of the country , including the capital , Delhi .
Territory inhabited by at least 600m people has been hit .
Back-up generators have kept airports and many offices open , but power supply from the grid is still sporadic , despite the efforts of the authorities .
Although the south of the country , including Mumbai , the commercial hub , is so far unaffected , the power cuts could n't have come at a worse time .
India faces a slowing economy , a lame-duck government and a drought in parts of the country .
The blackout seems to have been selected by a malign God to exhibit yet another glaring vulnerability :
rotten infrastructure .
The technical fault appears to lie in the national transmission grid that links together the local electricity networks .
Officials have suggested it may have been " tripped " by a surge in demand for power .
But in truth India 's power sector has been a disaster waiting to happen after years of neglect .
As our briefing earlier this year shows , the entire supply chain is troubled .
Not enough coal is being dug up by the state monopolist , Coal India .
As a result , generating companies , which own power stations , face the prospect of buying expensive imported coal , with ruinous consequences for their finances .
As this week 's cuts have shown , the national transmission system that shifts power around the country needs modernisation and investment  some $ 110 billion according to a McKinsey study .
And finally the " last mile " local distribution companies , usually state-owned and which deliver power to homes and businesses , are all but bankrupt .
Their tariffs are held artificially low by politicians more keen to win votes than balance the books .
They have also chronically underinvested .
Reform would probably entail breaking up Coal India , inviting in private - sector mining companies , privatising the local distribution firms and giving regulators more teeth .
But since the early 1990s India 's politicians have ducked the challenge , and been unwilling to tackle vested interests or make difficult decisions .
It would be nice to think that when the lights come back on this time they might act with more urgency .
But unlike in the movies , disasters in India do n't necessarily have happy endings .
The Bible provides ample guidance with how we should cope when our spouse commits adultery .
Adultery is one of the few things that justifies divorce in the New Testament .
Christians can divorce because of adultery , but it should be a last resort .
According to the Bible another option is to separate for a season in the hope that the separation will heal the relationship .
Also , marriage partners should consider ministerial counseling to help seek God's direction when marriage relationships are strained .
A marriage partner must also remember that the adulterous partner does not really understand how much adultery affects the marriage and the family .
Many adulterers will truly repent after committing adultery .
The Bible tells us that we should forgive someone who repents of their sin just as God has forgiven all of us .
See below for Biblical advice and scriptures on coping with adultery .
Key Bible Verses :
Matthew 5 :
32 , Corinthians 7 :
11 , Proverbs 19 :
20 , Proverbs 6 :
32 , Luke 17 :
4 , Corinthians 2 :
10 . Coping With Adultery  A Last Alternative Is To Divorce .
According to the Bible divorce is an option if your marriage partner commits adultery .
At the same time divorce should be the last resort in a marriage , especially if the adulterer repents to God of their wrongdoings .
Matthew 5 :
32 provides advice on adultery and divorce .
Coping With Adultery - Separation and Reconciliation .
Another option in coping with adultery is to separate .
In this case separation from your spouse for a season may heal the relationship .
Corinthians 7 :
11 provides advice on marriage separation and reconciliation .
As adultery creates so much confusion in marriage relationships , a person should seek God 's direction and receive ministerial counseling to find out what God should have for them to do .
Proverbs 19 :
20 provides advice on counseling .
Coping With Adultery  They Do Not Know What They Do .
One thing for you to remember when coping with adultery , is to realize that the adulterous marriage partner does not understand the full consequences of their actions .
Proverbs 6 :
Proverbs 6 :
For With Repentance Comes Forgiveness .
One of the hardest things in coping with adultery is to actually forgive the marriage partner that has committed the adulterous act .
One of the hardest things in coping with adultery is to actually forgive the marriage partner that has committed the adulterous act .
Luke 17 :
Luke 17 :
4 advises on situations of repentance and forgiveness .
Jesus forgives all of us that repents of their sin .
God expects us to forgive people as He forgave us .
Corinthians 2 :
Corinthians 2 :
From Reuters May 1 , 2011 , 7 :
Osama bin Laden is dead and his body has been recovered by U.S. authorities , U.S. officials said on Sunday night .
U.S. President Barack Obama was to make the announcement shortly that after searching in vain for bin Laden since he disappeared in Afghanistan in late 2001 , the Saudi-born extremist is dead .
It is a major accomplishment for Obama and his national security team , having fulfilled the goal once voiced by Obama 's predecessor , George W . Bush , to bring to justice the mastermind of the Sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks .
THE GREAT ESCAPE  TALIBAN STYLE
Sequels are rarely as good as the original ,
but last week 's Great Escape from Kandahar Prison II was almost as exciting as the 2008 original in which 800 Taliban prisoners were busted out of Afghanistan 's Sorpoza Prison .
This time around , 541 prisoners , including 106 Taliban commanders , tunneled their way out of the notorious maximum security prison .
Great Escape II was a humiliating blow to American occupation forces garrisoning Kandahar , and to Canada , which spent over $ 4 million two years ago further fortifying the prison .
There were red faces and finger-pointing all around .
The US claimed Afghan prison official were incompetent , corrupt , and in cahoots with Taliban .
Of course the escape was an inside job .
Afghan resistance forces that we collectively call Taliban know just about everything that goes on in the US-installed Afghan government , military and police .
As I saw during the 1980's anti-Soviet struggle , every military offensive by the Soviets and their puppet Afghan regime was telegraphed to the mujahidin resistance days in advance .
The Afghan Communist forces were filled with mujahidin informers and sympathizers .
Since many Afghans knew the Soviets were losing , regime supporters began hedging their bets by informing and making side deals with the resistance .
The same process is afoot today in Afghanistan .
The 150,000 western troops occupying that nation have lost the military , political and psychological initiative .
Each US soldier in Afghanistan costs a minimum of $ 1 million annually .
Western forces are on the defensive , in spite of all the ludicrously cheery war bulletins  shades of Good Morning Vietnam - from NATO public relations officers .
No less an authority than Afghan president Hamid Karzai recently called the ten-year US - led war , " ineffective , apart from causing civilian casualties " .
Ouch !
Washington seems to be concluding it cannot defeat the national resistance militarily .
Its Tajik , Uzbek and Communist allies lack the power to combat Taliban outside of their ethnic territories .
The US is spending $ 6 billion annually training Afghan government troops and police .
Even so , Afghan government forces are unreliable and incompetent .
They are mostly Tajik and Uzbek , who are hated by the Pashtun majority .
The feared , Communist-dominated Afghan intelligence service NDI  son of the old Soviet - run KHAD  is efficient .
It continues to brutally torture , abuse , and execute suspects .
The US and Canada have routinely turned over Taliban suspects to NDI for torture ;
Britain and Holland refused to do so .
The International Criminal Court just announced it may investigate Canada for war crimes for handing Afghan prisoners NDI for torture .
This is a disgrace for Canada , formerly admired around the globe for its legal rectitude and adherence to international law .
Canada may be investigated , said the Court , because its government had blocked and stonewalled all efforts to investigate these crimes .
George W . Bush did the same thing .
The admiring Harper government apparently followed Bush's lead .
The latest American plan for Afghanistan is to hold key urban areas using a somewhat reduced US garrison backed by a new army of mercenaries run by the US Embassy in Kabul which is being expanded to 1,000 personal  the world 's largest .
CIA paramilitary forces will play an ever larger role in Afghanistan .
Canadian forces will stay on in reduced numbers by trying to avoid danger .
In line with Washington 's new policy , the current US commander in Afghanistan , the politically savvy Gen . David Petraeus , was just named CIA director .
He is detested by Pakistan 's leadership and military .
CIA boss Leon Panetta , a wily Washington insider and budget expert , will become Defense Secretary .
Petraeus ' new role confirms CIA is fast becoming militarized as an active combat arm of the US government .
CIA is slated to deploy more paramilitary units , mercenary forces and drones in Iraq , Pakistan and Afghanistan .
The Pentagon is also fast expanding its intelligence role .
The Pentagon 's shadowy special forces HQ , the Joint Special Operations Command , has just been given the green light to conduct top secret " intelligence gathering " and " anti-terrorism " missions across the Muslim world from Morocco to Pakistan , Bangladesh , and Indonesia , with a special focus on the Mideast .
These forces will answer only to the Pentagon .
Veteran intelligence professionals lament CIA 's " going cowboy " .
They say the agency 's primary goal is providing the White House with facts and balanced analysis , not indulging in gunplay .
Getting involved in fighting overseas will inevitably corrupt CIA , they warn , and bias its judgment .
We have already seen this happen in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Washington just named a new ambassador to Afghanistan , Ryan Crocker , an ardent Bush neocon who was ambassador to Iraq , where he was widely mocked for his absurd rosy pronouncements .
Crocker replaces the gruff , able ex-general , Karl Eikenberry who kept telling Washington what it did not want to hear .
Yes-man Crocker can be counted on to issue politically positive reports on how well the war is going as the US heads into an election year .
But the war is not going well .
Worse , by waging war in Afghanistan , the US is relentlessly undermining and destabilizing Pakistan , an infinitely more important nation .
US-Pakistani relations have hit a new low as Washington keeps arm-twisting the Islamabad government it finances to follow policies contrary to Pakistan 's interests and public opinion and to attack its own citizens .
WikiLeaks just published documents showing the US deems Pakistan 's crack intelligence service ISI a " terrorist group " .
Washington has clearly gone terrorism bonkers .
What next ?
Terrorist camels , terrorist dogs , terrorist babies , terrorist UFOs ?
I call this new form of dementia , AfPak brain fever .
Very few people succeed in business without a degree of confidence .
Yet everyone , from young people in their first real jobs to seasoned leaders in the upper ranks of organizations , have moments  or days , months , or even years  when they are unsure of their ability to tackle challenges .
No one is immune to these bouts of insecurity at work , but they don't have to hold you back .
What the Experts Say " Confidence equals security equals positive emotion equals better performance " , says Tony Schwartz , the president and CEO of The Energy Project and the author of Be Excellent at Anything : The Four Keys to Transformingthe Way We Work and Live .
And yet he concedes that " insecurity plagues consciously or subconsciously every human being I 've met " .
Overcoming this self-doubt starts with honestly assessing your abilities ( and your shortcomings ) and then getting comfortable enough to capitalize on ( and correct ) them , adds Deborah H.Gruenfeld , the Moghadam Family Professor of Leadership and OrganizationalBehavior and Co-Director of the Executive Program for Women Leaders at StanfordGraduate School of Business .
Here 's how to do that and get into the virtuous cycle that Schwartz describes .
Preparation Your piano teacher was right :
practice does make perfect .
" The best way to build confidence in a given area is to invest energy in it and work hard at it " , says Schwartz .
Many people give up when they think they 're not good at a particular job or task , assuming the exertion is fruitless .
But Schwartz argues that deliberate practice will almost always trump natural aptitude .
If you are unsure about your ability to do something  speak in front of large audience , negotiate with a tough customer  start by trying out the skills in a safe setting .
" Practice can be very useful , and is highly recommended because in addition to building confidence , it also tends to improve quality .
Actually deliver the big presentation more than once before the due date .
Do a dry run before opening a new store " , says Gruenfeld .
Even people who are confident in their abilities can become more so with better preparation .
Get out of your own way
Confident people are n't only willing to practice , they 're also willing to acknowledge that they don't  and can 't  know everything .
" It's better to know when you need help , than not " , says Gruenfeld .
" A certain degree of confidence  specifically , confidence in your ability to learn  is required to be willing to admit that you need guidance or support " .
On the flip side , don't let modesty hold you back .
Brian Dettmer is an artist that gained International acclaim through internet bloggers , and traditional media .
His bibliography includes The New York Times , Modern Painters , Wired Magazine , The Village Voice , Vogue Italia , Harper 's , Time Out , Chicago Tribune , The San Francisco Chronicle , and National Public Radio among several others .
Dettmer 's work has been exhibited and collected throughout the United States , Mexico and Europe .
He has had solo shows in New York , Chicago , San Francisco , Miami and Atlanta and has had projects exhibited in Mexico City , Berlin and London .
He has been represented at several international art fairs including Pulse ( Miami , ) MACO ( Mexico City , ) ARCO ( Madrid , ) Scope ( London , Miami , ) Art Chicago ( Chicago ) and many others .
With China's high level of exports and booming real estate market , it is predicted that the country is on its way to becoming the world leader in economic performance .
As a result , the Chinese government has been taking steps to show the world its growing economy and the newfound modernity that has come with it .
China's largest cities have already spent hundreds of billions of dollars on new development and infrastructure projects , ranging all the way from roads , bridges and buildings to new financial districts .
In fact , the country is expected to lay down a total of 4.7 billion square feet of construction in this year alone .
More information after the break .
Photo by kanegen - http//:www.flickr.com/photos/kanegen/
In order to meet the demands of these unprecedented construction efforts , China has been hiring foreign firms to come in and execute their designs for the undeveloped land .
Firms from countries like Europe and the United States are moving a portion of their employees to new offices in growing Chinese cities to take advantage of the opportunity to be involved in their growth .
By doing so , these offices hope to not only escape the economic hardship in their own countries , but also gain increased publicity for their company name and earn the chance to create plans for huge developments that there simply isn't enough space for in other parts of the world .
Architect , Frank Gehry , already has set plans for a residential development overlooking the Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong ,
Gensler opened a new office in Beijing , where the firm designed the 128-story Shanghai Tower ,
KPF has had close to a dozen projects lined up for work in China since the completion of the Shanghai World Financial Center ,
OMA is bringing in more employees to work in their new headquarters in Hong Kong while keeping its office already established in Beijing ,
while Arup Associates and HOK both have three offices open in China .
The Chinese hope that the prestige the new buildings bring to their budding cities will outweigh the high costs of the well-established firms ' ambitious designs .
However , there are already high levels of criticism regarding the foreigners ' effects on the changing skyline of China .
Whether it be the CCTV tower (Dutch,) the Shanghai Tower (American,) or the National Centre for the Performing Arts (French,) many Chinese citizens worry that the foreigners are using the vast amounts of land set aside for new development as an opportunity for frivolous experimentation .
There have also been numerous concerns that the incoming architects are not knowledgeable enough about the history , cultures and environments present in China to design for them .
Many have argued that the new designs are inconsistent with the Chinese way of life ,
and the rapid pace at which these new designs are being realized has not been of much consolation to flustered citizens .
Though the quick hurdle into modernity that the Chinese are trying to achieve is bound to bring a number of financial challenges ,
clearly the nation's continued advancement is not just a matter of whether the Chinese economy can continue to support such rapid and extravagant development .
The citizens must also be ready and able to adapt to the lifestyle changes that the foreign designers are introducing to China's growing cities .
Photographs :
Ever since the invention of nitro powder helped turn the brightly liveried soldiers of the 1800s into highly visible targets on the newly smoke-free battlefields of Europe ,
the race has been on to provide uniforms that allow military personal to hide effectively in plain sight .
Now , however , the ubiquitous tiger stripes and woodland camouflage patterns that have become so familiar are themselves about to be ousted by a whole new generation of high-tech fabrics , purpose designed to conceal .
Camo goes digital The first incarnations of this new technology can already be seen on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan ,
where pixellated , digital micro-patterns have replaced the older macro-pattern colour blobs previously worn by many Western forces .
The UK , France , Germany and the US have all developed their own versions ,
based on an understanding of human neurological response and the wonderfully named science of " clutter metrics " - the study of how readily objects can be located and identified .
Canada is , however , arguably the leader in the class , having broken the mould with its CADPAT design .
has been shown to make soldiers almost twice as difficult for observers to spot .
In tests , this revolutionary fractal disruptive pattern , which mimics the dappling , texture and irregular boundaries found in nature ,
Unsurprisingly , it has spawned a host of close imitations , including the US Marine Corps ' own MARPAT combat utility uniform .
Although supplies of these real " digi-cammies " are understandably largely restricted to official military and police forces ,
as one private security professional working in Iraq says , " there are copies available commercially ,
and you bet we use them when that's what an op calls for .
Stuff like that can make all the difference out there " .
Better patterning is , however , only the beginning .
A well-concealed US Marine sniper proves the effectiveness of good camouflage in the modern battlespace .
Chameleon biomimicry In the light of work currently being done at the Sandia National Laboratories , Albuquerque , New Mexico , the long-held dream of adaptive camouflage - that elusive ability to adapt to a changing environment like a chameleon - may shortly become a reality .
It has been inspired by the way certain species of fish seemingly effortlessly change colour and pattern to blend in with their surroundings -
a trick they achieve using tiny motor proteins in their cells which rearrange the crystals of pigment within their skins .
Scientists at Sandia have taken this same approach and started to adapt it to create a synthetic , biomimetic material that will share the animals ' ability to colour-shift .
The camouflage abilities of the chameleon have long been revered ;
developments in nanotechnology , genetic engineering and biomimetics could provide tomorrow's warfighters with the same adaptability .
" Military camouflage outfits that blend with a variety of environments without needing of an outside power source - blue , say , when at sea , and then brown in a desert environment - is where this work could eventually lead " , says team leader George Bachand .
The idea has been tried before ,
but this time the team has overcome two major obstacles ,
successfully simplifying the energy supply necessary to make the protein " motors " run , and providing the process with an effective " off-switch , " which adds control .
Its laboratory version uses the same fuel as the biological original - ATP - while the switch mechanism has improved on nature , genetically inserting a new artificial docking port into the motor protein macro-molecules .
" we essentially re-engineered the protein structure to introduce an on/off switch into the motor .
So we can now turn our nanofluidic devices on and off " .
US soldiers in Fallujah .
The changing environment of modern conflict makes significant demands on camouflage .
The science behind this innovation - biomimetics , nanotechnology and genetic modification - is impressive ,
but despite the futuristic , sci-fi feel of the project it is not expected to be long before warfighters will see the benefit .
Bachand predicts that this kind of clothing will be ready for duty in as little as five to ten years .
Sandia researcher George Bachand examines an enlargement of actual images of light-emitting quantum dots .
He believes that chameleon-like adaptive fabrics will be ready for duty within ten years .
Thermal camouflage In today's battlespace , military personnel and assets are not only exposed to detection by visible light .
As the falling price of thermal imaging and night vision technology has brought these devices within the reach of insurgents and terrorist groups ,
inevitably the development of a range of appropriate countermeasures has assumed a new priority .
For uniforms , this has meant coupling design elements - such as pocket outlines that are offset from the vertical to avoid the tell-tale straight lines that attract an observer's eye - with new fabrics that mask a soldier's heat signature .
British Army multiterrain pattern .
Even conventional camouflage fabrics are becoming increasingly complex ,
Ceno technologies , one of the leaders in this field ,
is even extending the idea to include camo paint , helping to eliminate the thermal glare from hands and faces .
Masking people is one thing ; hiding the distinctive thermal signature of tanks and APCs is quite another .
It is possible to disguise them , however , and a number of research projects around the world are refining techniques to do just that .
The Greek specialist defence supplier Intermat has developed an insulating foam that minimises detectable heat ,
the company claiming that a thin coating can make an APC look like a motorbike to an observer equipped with night vision goggles .
Researchers at the New Jersey Institute of Technology have taken a different approach , developing plates of thermal insulation that can be applied to strategic places on a vehicle to alter its apparent shape ;
thus to a watching enemy , that tank is just a car .
With so many of the scientific advances in fields as diverse as biomimicry , nanotechnology , neurological perception and materials science feeding into the development of modern camouflage , increasingly you really cannot believe your own eyes - which is good news for warfighters everywhere .
A US soldier instructs an Iraqi policeman ; both wear variants of the same camouflage .
What 's wrong with global photojournalism ?
February 28 , 2011 Vladimir Vyatkin , www.photographer.ru A celebrated Russian photographer ruminates on results from the world's top press photography contest .
Source :
My mobile phone has barely stopped ringing over the past few days ;
my colleagues , friends and former students have all been calling and asking the same question :
" Have you already seen the results from the World Press Photo Contest on the Internet ?
What 's happening to global journalism ?
You 've been on the jury three times ; surely you have some understanding . Can you explain this " ?
So , in response , I logged on to the contest website and took a look at the winning works that were selected by the jury last week .
Subsequently , I talked to a number of teachers , experienced colleagues , former contest participantsand multiple winners of the contest .
The answer to the question is simple and succinct :
International photojournalism is seriously ill , suffering from an acute cerebrovascular disease complicated by cardiac failure 
a common diagnosis for the many mortals who suffered significant physical and psychological stress as a result of the past year's natural disasters , revolutions , ethnic conflicts , terroristacts , government provocations and social and domestic tensions .
2011 WPP winners gallery Photographers are no exception ; hundreds plunged head first into an abyss of horror and catastrophes .
Obviously , a photographer working in the extreme conditions created by natural disasters , ethnic or religious violence experiencesa high level of stress .
Judging by the contest results , not only have experienced photographerswith established mindset and attitudes willingly entered this hellish environment , but also newly minted and no-nonsense adventurers armed with nerves of steel , quick legs and access to the Internet .
Many of these adventurers appear to have no training in photography at all .
Having grasped the basics of auto-focus , they rush to portray human suffering , attempting to find a niche in the hierarch of international journalism .
They have little knowledge of classical literary language or classical visual art .
Nor do they have an understanding of the humanistic basis of human consciousness , or the notions of image , symbol , metaphor , or philosophical thinking .
Their cameralenses are like the cold and indifferent scalpel of an inexperienced surgeon cutting into the still-warm flesh of human grief and suffering .
Apparently , the intoxicating atmosphere of the autopsy room has paralyzed the jury 's senses , rendering the judges incapable of making unbiased decisions .
Blind and indifferent documentation has become the new fashion in journalistic photography , with distorted pictorial forms providing basic stylistic guidelines .
The point is to shock the viewer , brushing aside the humanistic nature of classical photography .
The photo of the year is the portrait of a young Afghan woman disfigured by her own husband , an image that has become a symbol of violence and sadism .
In terms of visual style , it is closer to a forensic photograph .
I wonder whether the photographer asked the unfortunate victim if she was happy about the large-scale distribution of her disfigured image .
Afghanistan is far from Amsterdam , but this woman is a human being and a citizen of our planet .
We all have to bear our share of moral and ethical responsibility for society and our fellow man .
Summing up the contest results , the World Press Photo publishes agorgeous catalogue of winning photos , with the photo of the year on the front cover .
If it were up to me , instead of this photo I would have chosen Kazimir Malevich 's Black Square  a masterpiece of 20 th century pictorial minimalism 
not as a piece of art , but as a manifestation of the spirit and our time , symbolizing the degradation of the humanistic basis of modern photojournalism .
In some cases , I welcome hard-hitting social photography  you can see this in many of my works  but there is a limit to everything , especially when showing people at the height of suffering .
Many photographs in the winners' catalogue don't merit serious discussion .
The unifying theme is the monotony of photographic forms , most of which are in a style of unconscious naivety and primitivism , series without beginning or end , lacking any generalization and categorizing but with a focus on exotic images from distant third world countries untouched by 21 st century civilisation .
Many of the photographs look like average student studies and experiments ,
particularly in the portrait category and the sports series ,
which verge more on depicting criminal scenes rather than the beauty and intensity of competitive sport .
Classic culture and art have been replaced by tawdry mystifications , exotic rites and vacation photos .
There were , however , some good images in the nature and environment category
with the exception of the oil spill series in sharp close-up that resembles a selection of wallpaper samples for Christmas decoration .
Here the unthinking , mechanical recording of the moment has been raised to the level of contemporary photographic culture .
I really liked the Whooper Swan picture in the nature category , which was shot for National Geographic magazine .
It was exquisite in style and form , full of humanism and love .
I also liked the two social projects , The Julie Project 1993-2010 , by Darcy Padilla ( the United States ) and the Name of Victoria by Mads Nissen ( Denmark . )
This is real journalism with a meaningful topic , addressing people and their problems and woes .
Every summer , I visit the annual World Press Photo exhibition in Moscow , taking my kids , my friends and acquaintances , my students , and children from orphanages , to show them pictures of war and peace , human joy and suffering .
This year , I will think twice about going at all .
Vladimir Vyatkin is a renowned photographer and winner of international photo exhibitions and contests . He has received more than 160 awards .
10 Stars Who Served Time Behind Bars
Ten famous faces who did the crime and paid the time
Paris Hilton In May 2007 , socialite and reality TV star Paris Hilton was sentenced to 45 days in jail for violating her probation following a drunk-driving arrest in September 2006 .
Hilton only ended up serving 2 days of her 45-day sentence before being reassigned to 40 days of home confinement due to an undisclosed medical condition .
Boy George In December 2008 , in a London court , 80 's pop star Boy George , whose real name is George AlanO' Dowd , was convicted of the assault and false imprisonment of Audun Carlsen .
He was later handed a 15-month prison term for the crime .
However , George only spent four months of his sentence in prison .
In May 2009 , he was released under the conditions that he wear an ankle monitor and remain under curfew for 90 days .
Michelle Rodriguez Rodriguez has been in and out of jail four times .
In June 2004 , she spent 48 hours in a Los Angeles jail after pleading guilty to hit and run , drunk driving , and driving with a suspended license .
In April 2006 , the Avatar actress pleaded guilty to a DUI charge in a Hawaii court and spent five days in jail .
Since that DUI charge violated her Los Angeles probation , Rodriguez was sentenced to 60 days in jail but was released less than 24 hours later due to over crowding .
In September 2007 , Rodriguez violated the terms of her probation again and was sentenced to 180 days but was released after just 18 , also as a result of over crowding .
Kiefer Sutherland In September 2007 , 24 star Kiefer Sutherland was charged with misdemeanor drunk driving in Los Angeles . Sutherland pleaded no contest to the charge and was sentenced to 48 days in jail .
He served the full 48 days of his sentence beginning in late 2008 .
Robert Downey Jr .
In 1997 , a pre - Iron Man Robert Downey Jr . missed one of his court-ordereddrug tests ( mandated as a result of a drug-possession arrest in 1996 ) and spent four months in a Los Angeles County jail as punishment .
The actor was arrested again after missing another drug test in 1999 and was handed a three-year prison sentence .
He served almost a year of the three-year termat the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison in Corcoran , Calif , .
but was freed on $ 5,000 bail after a judge ruled that his collective jail time ( since 1996 ) had satisfied the court .
Nicole Richie Back in 2007 , after being arrested for driving under the influence , author and reality star Nicole Richie spent a mere 82 minutes of her four-day sentence in jail .
The sheriff's department told People magazine that she " was released early due to over crowding in the jail system " .
Christian Slater
In 1997 , Christian Slater was sentenced to three months in jail and 36 months probation for assaulting his then - girlfriend Michelle Jonas and a man who had come to her aid .
The actor served 59 days before his release .
Martha Stewart In March 2004 , Stewart was found guilty of conspiracy , obstruction of an agency proceeding , and making false statements to federal investigators after the U.S. government indicted the media mogul on nine-counts related to an incident of insider trading .
In July 2004 , she was sentenced to a five-month term in a federal correctional facility and a two-year supervised release .
Stewart began her prison stint at Federal Prison Camp , Alderson in W.Va. on October 8 , 2004 ,
and left the facility under supervised release on March 4 , 2005 .
50 Cent Back in 1994 , before he made it big , rapper 50 Cent ( aka Curtis Jackson III ) was arrested on drug charges and sentenced to three to nine years in prison .
Instead of doing his time in a standard prison , he served an abbreviated six-month term in a shock incarceration boot camp , earning his GED in the process .
Tim Allen Way before Tim Allen rocketed to TV stardom with Home Improvement , he had his share of legal trouble .
In 1978 , the actor and comedian was arrested for cocaine possession and sentenced to three to seven years in prison .
He was released on parole in 1981 after serving 18 months in a federal correctional facility .
I was at a baby shower yesterday and I realized something very powerful .
Babies always end up achieving their main goals in life .
They learn to walk , to talk , to count , etc .
As we get older , we seem to achieve less and less of our goals .
Some may argue that " adult " goals are harder but are they really ?
As a baby who has never walked before , is it really easy to achieve walking ?
If you 've ever watched a baby learning to walk , you can see that there is a lot of effort that goes into it .
They get up , steady themselves and then try to take their first step just to stumble right back to the floor .
But do they quit ?
Of course not . They keep trying for days even months until they can finally walk .
What is interesting is that almost every baby I know eventually learns to walk ( I did it , my brothers did it , my wife did it and you 've probably done it . )
We were all born with the ability to achieve what we want so why do we end up quitting on our goals and achieving less when we get older ?
I think the main reason is :
We no longer have the faith that it WILL happen .
As children , we did n't doubt whether we would eventually walk , talk , count , etc .
We just kept trying until we achieved it .
People all around us encouraged us in our endeavors and no one told us that it could n't be done .
The main point is that we truly believed that our success was a foregone conclusion .
That as long as we kept trying we would achieve what we set out to do .
Contrast that with our experience in adulthood where people are constantly telling us what is impossible and I am not going to tell you how many scoffs and / or sarcastic comments I get about being too idealistic when I talk about my dreams .
When was the last time you believed any result was a foregone conclusion ?
And that is the difference .
you need to truly believe that if you keep at it , you will get the results you want .
If you want to start achieving your goals ( becoming wealthy , losing weight , finding a your dream job , etc , ) .
But how do you know if what you 're doing is going to help you get what you want ?
What if you are wasting your energy doing the wrong thing ?
Well , how does a baby know what to do to begin walking ?
The answer is they do n't .
A baby learns by doing , looking at the result , adjust their action according to the feedback they get and repeat until they get their goal .
They do n't do a lot of strategic thinking or planning .
If you do n't believe me , take some time and observe babies .
No matter what your goals are , here are three ways to make sure you achieve them :
It is much easier to believe that our success is inevitable when we surround ourselves with people who have achieved what we want to achieve and being mentored by those who have taken the road we are planning to take .
Babies are surrounded by people who walk and talk and do all the things they aspire to do , which strengthens their belief that they can do it .
These very people ( usually the parents ) will help the baby achieve their goal by supporting them and making sure they do n't learn how to walk near the staircase .
If you do n't already know people who have achieved what you want to achieve , find them and surround yourself with these people .
Use your personal and professional network , attend seminars , conferences and Meet Up groups , read related biographies , etc .
The more you surround yourself with evidence of success , the stronger your belief of inevitable success .
Keep Trying When babies learn to walk , they try one way , " fail " then try another way .
What makes them successful is that they persevere and keep adjusting until they get what they want .
For myself , there are many times when self-doubt creeps in and I question whether spending all this time and effort is worth it .
I get through this period of doubt by remembering that if I keep taking action , reviewing the feedback , making adjustments and repeating the process over , I will achieve my goal .
My results alone tell me whether I am doing the right thing or not .
If not , then I will adjust my actions .
I just have to keep in mind to distinguish between ineffectiveness and delay ( click here to learn how ) .
Winston Churchill was right on when he said " never , never , never give up . "
Ignore the Naysayers As we get older , the number of skeptics , cynics and pessimists seem to grow .
As babies , we were surrounded by people confident in our success and willing to help us along the way .
It is because they have already achieved what we are trying to achieve so they know it can be done .
As our goals get loftier , there are a lot fewer people who have achieved what we want to achieve so the natural reaction is to be skeptical and to dissuade us from continuing on because they truly believe it is not possible .
This is dangerous for us because we do get influenced by those around us whether we like it or not and their doubts create doubts in our own beliefs .
The best way to deal with naysayers is to ignore them and stop being around them altogether .
When someone tells me all the reasons why reaching my goal is not possible or that I can't accomplish it ( and we all know there is no such thing as the word " can't " ) , I make a mental note to cut ties with that person which brings me back to the first tip :
Surround yourself with proof that it can be done .
An important lesson I learned was that my plan does n't have to be perfect .
I just have to take action and see what the results are .
If it is positive , I will do more of what I 'm doing .
If it is negative , I 'll do something different .
The key is to persevere and keep trying until you reach your goal and the only way to do that is having faith that your success is a foregone conclusion .
What goals are inevitable for you ?
BEIJING  China 's premier said the government wants slower economic growth to avoid inflation and to restructure the economy , even as much of the developed world is struggling to accelerate expansion .
Premier Wen Jiabao said the government 's official target for average gross domestic product growth over the next five years will be 7% annually , down from a target of 7.5% in the past half decade .
While official targets routinely under estimate growth , the move is nonetheless an important signal that government priorities in the world 's No.2 economy are shifting to reduce dependence on exports and capital-intensive industries in favor of creating conditions for more domestic demand .
China 's stunning rise has come through huge investment in capital-intensive industries like steel and by turning itself into the world 's factory floor , manned by workers who migrate to coastal cities from impoverished rural areas .
But China 's growth rate of more than 9% a year over the past three decades has come with steep costs :
heavy pollution , a sharp increase in inequality and pervasive corruption .
" We 'll never seek economic growth rate and big size at the price of environment " , Mr. Wen told Chinese Internet users in an online chat Sunday in which he disclosed the new target .
" That would result in unsustainable growth featuring industrial overcapacity and intensive resource consumption " .
Chinese economists cautioned the 7% goal should n't be taken literally , but as a signal to the world and to provincial authorities that the government is serious about shifting the drivers of growth toward domestic consumption .
The previous five-year plan , announced in 2006 , had a growth target of 7.5%  but the economy grew 11.1% between 2006 and 2010 .
The last time China set a growth rate as low as 7% was in 2001 , when China was recovering from the Asian financial crisis and GDP grew 7.5% .
Still , between 2001 and 2005 , China 's GDP wound up growing , on average , 9.8%  according to J.P. Morgan .
" The official target under the five-year plan tends to be a very poor indicator of growth over next five years " , said Qing Wang , a Morgan Stanley China analyst .
" But it suggests we 'll see slower growth ahead " .
He forecasts average annual growth of 9% a year over the coming five years , and less than 8% for the following five years .
Others are less sanguine .
Harvard economist Kenneth Rogoff warned China 's may stumble more sharply , particularly if it is tripped up by a banking crisis .
A number of economists inside and outside of China argue that the past growth rates are unsustainable , as China 's population ages and the country has fewer opportunities for sharp gains by further increasing exports and investment .
This has lead to a curious dichotomy :
The world outside China is trying to accelerate growth to recover from the global financial crisis while China is trying to tap on the brakes .
" Chinese leaders are not averse to growth but they realize they are not getting good-quality growth that has commensurate benefits for the average household " ,
Mr. Wen , China 's leading economic official , made his comments in the run-up to the formal release of China 's next five-year economic plan at the annual meeting of its National People 's Congress that starts on March 5 .
Mr. Wen every year also issues a separate , and equally symbolic , " target " for that year 's growth of 8% in his speech at the start of the legislative session .
It is unclear whether that figure will also be adjusted down when Mr. Wen addresses the NPC .
The U.S. and other members of the Group of 20 major economies have been urging China to " rebalance " its growth , so it relies less on export growth ,
By skewing growth toward investment , the government has funneled the economy 's largesse into huge state-owned enterprises and away from households , stoking public resentment .
Mr. Wen 's call to rebalance growth toward consumption represents a challenge to the state-owned " national champions " who have gobbled up a growing slice of the country 's wealth , benefitting their senior managers and their political patrons in the Communist Party .
This month , state media reported the sacking of the powerful railways minister who oversaw billions of dollars of investment in state firms building a high-speed rail network .
According to the Xinhua report  in a section called " remarkable quotes from Wen 's online chats with netizens "
 the Chinese government plans to adopt " new evaluation criteria " for local governments that " would give more weight to efficiency , environment protection and the people 's living standards " .
Xinhua did n't report any specifics .
Shifting to domestic sources of demand would invariably mean slower growth rates ,
But even a slower rate of growth could produce more jobs
Employment grew in China by just 0.9% a year between 2000 and 2009 , despite its rapid GDP expansion .
Premier Wen also made clear that China did n't intend to use exchange rates more aggressively to further its economic goals , as has been urged by G-20 nations .
The yuan has appreciated 3.7% against the dollar since China said in mid-June 2010 that it would let its currency float somewhat , for an average of a bit less than 0.5% a month .
It also can be a tool to fight inflation .
An appreciating currency can boost living standards by making imports cheaper .
The Chinese premier reiterated that the currency would move in a " prudent and gradual manner " , according to Xinhua .
" A one-off and hefty appreciation of the yuan will bankrupt many export businesses with the loss of workers ' jobs , especially those of rural migrant workers " , he said .
Mr. Wen was at his most specific in outlining steps that would be taken to limit the rise of property values , which some economists believe are in danger of inflating into a bubble .
" We have to contain the excessive price growth and keep housing prices at a reasonable level " , he was quoted as saying .
The government plans to build 36billion " affordable homes " by 2015 ,
Mr. Wen did n't mention interest-rate policy in the Xinhua report .
But China generally relies on other tools to fight inflation , including industrial policy .
To fight food inflation , for instance , China has boosted purchasing price for grains , increased rural water conservation projects .
because boosting them makes it even tougher for China to keep its currency from appreciating further .
Yong Zhao is the University Distinguished Professor in the College of Education at Michigan State University .
The author of " Catching Up or Leading the Way : American Education in the Age ofGlobalization , "
There 's a frustrating paradox in Chinese education .
On the one hand , millions of college graduates cannot find a job -- at least a desirable job that pays substantially more than what a migrant worker makes .
On the other hand , businesses that want to pay a lot more can 't seem to find qualified employees .
Multinational companies in China are having a difficult time finding qualified candidates for their positions .
According to a recent survey of U.S. - owned enterprises conducted by the American Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai , 37 percent of the companies that responded said that finding talent was their biggest operational problem .
A separate study by McKinsey Quarterly found that 44 percent of the executives in Chinese companies reported that insufficient talent was the biggest barrier to their global ambitions .
The explanation :
a test-oriented educational environment .
China invented the keju system , which used tests to select government officials .
It was a great invention because it enabled talents from across the society to join the ruling class regardless of their family backgrounds .
Hence , a great meritocracy could be created .
But it evolved into a nightmare for China as the system graduallychanged into one that tested memorization of Confucian classics .
Keju is dead now but its spirit is very alive in China today , in the form of gaokao , or the College Entrance Exam .
It 's the only exam that matters since it determines whether students can attend college and what kind of colleges they can attend .
Because of its life-determining nature , gaokao has become the " baton " that conducts the whole education orchestra .
Students , parents , teachers , school leaders and even local government officials all work together to get good scores .
From a very young age , children are relieved of any other burden or deprived of opportunity to do anything else so they can focus on getting good scores .
The result is that Chinese college graduates often have high scores but low ability .
Those who are good at taking tests go to college , which also emphasizes book knowledge .
But when they graduate , they find out that employers actually want much more than test scores .
That is why another study by McKinsey found that fewer than 10 percent of Chinese college graduates would be suitable for work in foreign companies .
Chinese educators are well aware of the problems with the gaokao system and have been trying to move away from the excessive focus on testing .
But seeking other valid indicators of strong academic records will take time , especially in a country of 1.3billion people .
Why you should listen to him :
When Tom Cruise put on his data glove and started whooshing through video clips of future crimes , how many of us felt the stirrings of geek lust ?
This iconic scene in Minority Report marked a change in popular thinking about interfaces -- showing how sexy it could be to use natural gestures , without keyboard , mouse or command line .
John Underkoffler led the team that came up with this interface , called the g-speak Spatial Operating Environment .
His company , Oblong Industries , was founded to move g-speak into the real world .
Oblong is building apps for aerospace , bioinformatics , video editing and more .
But the big vision is ubiquity :
g-speak on every laptop , every desktop , every microwave oven , TV , dashboard .
" It has to be like this " , he says .
" We all of us every day feel that . We build starting there . We want to change it all " .
Before founding Oblong , Underkoffler spent 15 years at MIT 's Media Laboratory , working in holography , animation and visualization techniques , and building the I/O Bulb and Luminous Room Systems .
" We 're not finished until all the computers in the world work like this " .
Quotes by John Underkoffler " That 's the old way , that 's the old mantra :
one machine , one human , one mouse , one screen .
Well , that does n't really cut it anymore " .
NUDE Yoga is a process by which one achieves liberation of the self , actualization of one 's goals ,
and union with the supreme self through intense meditation , concentration , and commitment .
The fact that the yoga is performed in the nude is significant because in the nude status , the toxins in the body find an outlet leading to purification of body and soul .
Nude Yoga is a state of meditation in which you journey in the nude into the realm of the sub-conscious , and come to terms with the inner passions , carnal and material desires and wants , and your unfulfilled dreams .
This state of trance or suspended animation achieved during the Nude yoga or Pundai Yoga has beneficial physiological and psychological effects , not the least of which is the relief from stress and anger , and a stronger commitment to the goals ahead .
Nirvana :
Originates from the Sanskrit word " nirvanam " , which means ' nakedness ' or " nude " .
Pundai is the female cavity from which all life-forms emerge .
Pundai ( vagina ) is also the pleasure hole that conjures up carnal desires and thoughts in both men and women .
Nirvana is the art of exploring pundai and linga ( penis ) in tantric imageries .
A more glorified interpretation of ' Nirvana ' is a state or place of peace , happiness , and enlightenment . '
Nirvana ' is about a state of existence bereft of the cover of deceipt , shame , angst , anger , frustration , and revenge .
Nirvana is how all life forms begin - naked and aware of its pristine nudity .
Yoni Yoga , Yoni puja , and Linga Yoga , which are performed during the Nude Yoga and Pundai Yoga , are performed nude - the way nature intended .
Nude Yoga - or Pundai Yoga - helps you identify with the nature in all its manifestations , and get over the shame and guilt associated with our Covered-up existential angst .
The purpose of Nude Yoga is to produce guilt-free and stress-free state of mind in which you find a new sense of purpose and pursue your goals with a new-found sense of vigor .
In short , through Nude Yoga and Pundai Yoga , you become a better person , internally and externally .
09 January 2011 - 20 H 12
Warming to devastate glaciers , Antarctic icesheet -
studies Global warming may wipe out three-quarters of Europe 's alpine glaciers by 2100 and hike sea levels by four metres ( 13 feet ) by the year 3000 through melting the West Antarctic icesheet , two studies published on Sunday said .
AFP - Global warming may wipe out three-quarters of Europe 's alpine glaciers by 2100 and hike sea levels by four metres ( 13 feet ) by the year 3000 through melting the West Antarctic icesheet , two studies published on Sunday said .
The research places the spotlight on two of the least understood aspects of climate change :
how , when and where warming will affect glaciers on which many millions depend for their water , and the problems faced by generations in the far distant future .
The glacier study predicts that mountain glaciers and icecaps will shrink by 15-27 percent in volume terms on average by 2100 .
" Ice loss on such a scale may have substantial impacts on regional hydrology and water availability " , it warns .
Some regions will be far worse hit than others because of the altitude of their glaciers , the nature of the terrain and their susceptibility to localised warming .
New Zealand could lose 72 percent ( between 65 and 79 percent ) of its glaciers , and Europe's Alps 75 percent , meaning a range of between 60 and 90 percent .
At the other end of the scale , glacial loss in Greenland is predicted at around eight percent and at some 10 percent in high-mountain Asia .
Meltwater will drive up world sea levels by an average of 12 centimetres ( five inches ) by 2100 , says the study .
This figure -- which does not include expansion by the oceans as they warm -- largely tallies with an estimate in the landmark Fourth Assessment Report by the UN 's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) in 2007 .
Geophysicists Valentina Radic and Regine Hock of the University of Alaska base these calculations on a computer model derived from records for more than 300 glaciers between 1961 and 2004 .
The model factors in the middle-of-the-road " A1B " scenario for greenhouse-gas emissions , by which Earth 's mean surface temperature would rise by 2.8 degrees Celsius ( 5.04 degrees Fahrenheit ) during the 21st century .
The tool was then applied to 19 regions that contain all the world 's glaciers and icecaps .
But -- importantly -- it does not include the icesheets of Antarctica and Greenland , where 99 percent of Earth 's fresh water is locked up .
If either of these icesheets were to melt significantly , sea levels could rise by an order of metres ( many feet , ) drowning coastal cities .
That very scenario emerges in the second study , which focuses on the inertial effect of greenhouse gases .
Carbon molecules emitted by fossil fuels and deforestation linger for many centuries in the atmosphere before breaking apart .
Even if all these emissions were stopped by 2100 , the warming machine would continue to function for centuries to come , says the investigation .
It largely bases its forecast on the " A2 " emissions scenario , which sees greater carbon pollution by 2100 , stoking Earth 's temperature by an average 3.4 C ( 6.1 F ) by century 's end .
Warming of the middle depths of the Southern Ocean could unleash the " widespread collapse " of the West Antarctic icesheet by the year 3000 , it says .
" The inertia in intermediate and deep ocean currents driving into the southern Atlantic means those oceans are only now beginning to warm as a result of CO2 ( carbon dioxide ) emissions from the last century " , said Shawn Marshall , a professor the University of Calgary in Canada .
" The simulation showed that warming will continue , rather than stop or reverse , on the thousand-year timescale " .
The two studies are published online by the journal Nature Geoscience .
Stroke Risk Runs in the Family Study found if parent had brain attack by 65 , chances of same quadrupled for their children
If your mother or father had a stroke by the time they were 65 , your chances of also having a stroke by that age are increased fourfold .
There are many risk factors for stroke , such as high blood pressure , obesity and smoking .
These risks factors can be changed , but family history cannot , they added .
" Know your family and parents ' medical history as accurately as you can .
And remember family history may not be modifiable , but it acts superimposed on other risk factors " , said lead researcher Dr . Sudha Seshadri , an associate professor at Boston University School of Medicine .
" Parental stroke occurrence should , we believe , be included in predicting a person 's stroke risk " , she added .
The report is published March 8 in the online edition of Circulation .
For the study , Seshadri 's team collected data on 3,443 people who participated in the Framingham Heart Study .
These participants were all children of original Framingham study participants .
Among the parents of these individuals , 106 had strokes by the time they were 65 .
Among the current participants , 128 had strokes over the 40 years of the study .
After taking into account the usual risk factors for stroke , the researchers found that people who had a parent who had a stroke by the time they were 65 had twice the risk of having a stroke at any age and four times the risk of having a stroke by the time they reached 65 .
In addition , the researchers found that among mothers who had a stroke , the risk for a stroke was highest among their daughters .
The association of stroke among fathers and their children was weaker , but encompassed both sons and daughters .
Of the two types of stroke -- ischemic ( which is caused by a blocked artery in the brain ) and hemorrhagic ( which is caused by bleeding into the brain )
-- ischemic stroke was most common among parents and their offspring , the researchers noted .
In fact , 74 of the 106 strokes among parents were ischemic , while 106 of the 128 strokes among the offspring were ischemic .
" Clearly , there is a strong genetic component to stroke risk " , Seshadri said .
" The Framingham Heart study , in conjunction with three other large collaborating studies , recently described a new gene for stroke risk , but this needs confirmation and other genes and genetic variants clearly remain to be found " .
However , the biggest effect of a parental stroke by age 65 is on offspring who have a high stroke risk factor such as high blood pressure , Seshadri said .
" So , a positive family history should motivate one towards better control of blood pressure , blood sugar , quitting smoking , exercise and keeping an ideal weight " , she added .
Dr. Larry B . Goldstein , director of the Duke Stroke Center at Duke University Medical Center , said these findings are consistent with the results of other studies .
Goldstein agreed that there are modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors for stroke .
" The non-modifiable ones are important to recognize , because they alone put you at increased risk " , he said .
" That means you really have to pay attention to all the things you can do to modify risk , and be quite aggressive about those " .
Of the modifiable risk factors for stroke , blood pressure is the most important , Goldstein said .
" But studies have also shown that people who follow a healthy lifestyle can have up to an 80 percent lower risk of a first stroke , compared to people who don't " , he said .
Controlling blood pressure , not smoking , staying lean , eating a healthful diet , not drinking too much alcohol , exercising and keeping your cholesterol low are all ways to help reduce the risk of having a stroke , Goldstein said .
A New York University ( NYU ) professor temporarily removed the camera he had surgically installed in the back of his head to get rid one of the apparatus ' parts after his body rejected it , myFOXny.com reported Wednesday .
Photography professor Wafaa Bilal , was in near constant pain after part of thumb-nail size camera implanted in December as part of an art project commissioned by a new museum in Qatar was rejected by his body .
Bilal underwent surgery to remove one of the three posts that held the camera in place and was expected to re-install the device after the wound healed , according to a report in The Chronicle of Higher Education .
Until then , the camera will remain tied to the back of Bilal's neck .
Bilal was expected to broadcast live images of from the camera to the new Arab museum of modern art as part of the project .
His project caused debate on NYU's campus as administrators and faculty have struggled to determine how to prevent any violation of student privacy , according to The Wall Street Journal .
Most people have pulled long-forgotten vegetables from their refrigerator 's depths at least once , and just the memory is enough to make a stomach turn .
But one man 's fridge mold is another man 's still life .
Estonian artist Heikki Leis ' Afterlife is a veritable rotting cornucopia of vegetables photographed long past their prime .
" I was inspired by some potatoes I had once left out in a pot for too long . They had started to mold
and on closer examination the colors and textures looked interesting enough to take some photos " , Leis wrote in an e-mail .
Leis then started experimenting with various fruits and vegetables .
He sometimes let them decay for two months , keeping them covered so they would n't dry out . When Leis finished , he was truly finished .
" I 'm tempted to say I ate them , but the truth is I just threw them away " , he said .
" Getting them to this level is probably not a good idea , so do n't try this at home " ! she said .
They live with us and we automatically throw these things out " , said Hodge , who took Wired on a tour of Leis ' moldy world , though not without a warning .
and " we see them all the time and yet we do n't look at them .
There are thousands of molds out there ,
Leis said he 'd be open to an expert 's analysis of his rotting concoctions , so Wired invited mycologist Kathie Hodge of Cornell University , who 's working on a book about food-decaying fungi , to look at the work .
How do we interact with fungi ?
Kathie Hodge :
They have a huge impact on our lives .
A third of food is lost to spoilage , and most of that is due either to mold or bacteria .
Within the realm of the kitchen , some fungi are plant pathogens .
For example , when you find a lemon with blue mold , that 's a disease the lemon got in the field .
That fungus has been eating it all along , despite how well you 've washed it . But you do n't notice it until it erupts in your kitchen .
Others may colonize the remnants of your grilled cheese sandwich .
In the kitchen there are some notorious ones , like penicillium .
It 's the same group of fungi that gives us penicillium , but the genus includes many different species .
They 're very good at living with people and very good at eating our stuff .
There are good and evil fungi .
What chemical changes take place in food as it rots ?
Hodge :
There are lots of different answers to that question . It depends on what fungi are eating them .
Generally , when fungi grow on something , they secrete digestive juices .
So the impact of fungi actually goes beyond the boundaries of their cells .
They secrete things into their environment and absorb the products of digestion back into themselves .
Some fungi will like to eat your sandwich .
Some are good at eating your fruit .
Different fungal species have different arsenals of enzymes that they use to digest their food .
Some molds are very good at breaking down cellulose .
Others are very good at breaking down protein .
Molds look gross from a distance but close up they have a beautiful and highly organized structure .
They 're very efficient at what they do .
Leis mentioned that his rotting vegetables gave off a less-than-pleasant smell .
Why do rotting foods smell so bad ?
Hodge :
I think it does n't smell so bad . It just smells .
Over a long evolutionary time , humans probably evolved the perception that it 's a bad smell .
We 've learned to avoid eating rotting food by perceiving it as bad .
For flies it might be a good smell .
If we feel disgust , we 're unlikely to want to eat it .
This probably helped our ancestors survive .
Have you ever tasted rotting food ?
Hodge :
I 've never done that experiment .
A lot of rotting food contains a fair number of penicillium fungi , which make toxins .
You 'd probably feel sick if you ate something as moldy as anything in one of these photographs .
Frankly , it would be hard to eat if you had a sense of smell !
Though there are also some foods that are purposely rotten with fungi , like blue cheese and tempeh .
I love blue cheese .
I had a nice fungus-fermented cheese in my lunch the other day .
What kinds of molds are growing on the Afterlife vegetables ?
Hodge :
The really interesting thing is many are household molds .
It seems that the artist may have a penicillium issue in his studio .
Most of the blue-grey molds are species of penicillium .
If you blew on that , there would be a whirlwind containing hundreds of thousands of spores .
For most of these , you need a microscope to really know .
But that big hairy beard [ on the potato above ] is rhizopus stolonifer .
It looks like a fuzzy dead animal .
Rhizopus , which means root foot , is a common genus of mold .
It 's really good at growing on leftovers .
On top [ of the potato , ] it looks like trichoderma , but I can 't be too sure .
That 's another [ fungus ] that likes to live with us .
Sometimes it eats other fungi .
Even within the mold community there are evil molds .
Sometimes trichoderma is a pathogen .
Often it 's found in soils .
That 's why we may be seeing it on a potato .
What about the swede , or rutabaga , mold ?
Hodge :
That 's a good one !
There 's a rhizopus beard around the bottom anchoring it to the ground .
The blue postules may be penicillium , a really common spoilage fungus .
There are probably eight to 10 different molds growing there .
I 've never worked on rutabagas , so I could n't tell you for sure .
Leis mentioned the beet root was his favorite .
Can you tell us about its molds ?
Hodge :
Is n't it beautiful ?
It 's so hairy .
There are fungi on the surface on the wrinkly beet skin , but I can 't guess at what they might be .
But it looks like the fungus digested parts of it and then absorbed it into its mycelium .
The fluff is the fungus fruiting . Its function is to make more spores .
Each hair ends in a sphere with spores that will then look for the next victim .
What about in this other beet root photograph ?
Hodge :
Those blue-green postules are most likely penecillium .
It 's done a very good job of eating that beet .
The rhizopus beard has subsided .
The droplets are just a liquid byproduct of decay .
There 's probably fungal metabolites that give it a bit of color .
There 's probably some mycotoxins in there , so I would n't put my tongue on that .
You almost refer to molds and fungi as if they were people .
Hodge :
They 're just beautiful and magical .
They 're moody and expressive .
I 'm fascinated by the small world at the threshold of human vision .
I forget sometimes that being a person who likes molds is weird !
But I wo n't give them up .
They 're so cool .
Maybe it 's like having obnoxious neighbors .
Why expend energy shunning and avoiding them ?
You might as well befriend them .
They probably have interesting parties .
When the police in Miami  if police is what they were  asked Sharon how long she had been on Benefit Island , she found she did n't know for sure .
" Three days " ? she said .
" Four days ? A week ? Not more than a week " .
When they showed her a log of some kind from the base at San Juan that had her party cleared through there in early February , she said , " Oh " .
They had her , but they did n't seem to want her .
They did n't seem to care much about the little she had to tell them .
When they asked her how she knew the man she had been on the island with , she told them , through her work .
When they asked her what that work was , and she answered physical therapist , they looked at her .
They looked at her , but they did n't seem to care much about that , either .
They did n't keep her long .
Patrick had said they would n't , and they did n't .
She was with them for half an hour .
Then they drove her to the airport and put her on a flight to Newark .
She had no ticket , no reservation , no bags , no money .
Nothing was asked for . Patrick had n't said anything about that . Can the police do that ?
The police of what ?
Duncan Munro did not at first look to Sharon like the next thing .
" Duncan 's a trip " , her friend Wanda told her when she asked Sharon to take her appointment with him .
Wanda had the flu .
" Duncan 's a trip " , said Wanda . " You don't want to miss out on Duncan . Do you know the St . John " ? " Is it near the Carlyle " ?
She was used to working at the Carlyle .
She had an arrangement with an orthopedist at Mount Sinai who had arrangements with several of the big hotels .
" Not really " , said Wanda . " It 's private " .
The Hotel St . John was in the eighties off Park .
Sharon had walked down that block a hundred times ; she 'd had a client there , an older lady .
She had never known there was a hotel on the street . That was part of the thing of being the St . John , she learned .
The St . John had no awning , no doorman , no sign .
You climbed the marble steps to the door , toward the warm yellow light coming from the front rooms , and somebody swung the door open for you .
You got into an elevator the size of a phone booth , and up you went .
The elevator opened directly into a suite of rooms . There was no hallway , there were no doors .
From what Wanda had said , Sharon expected Duncan Munro to be what Sharon and Wanda and their friends called a giant squid :
ancient and hideous , raised from lightless depths , having an array of long , slippery arms that twisted and wriggled to turn up in unwelcome places .
The giant squids had to be handled .
Wanda , a black amazon , six feet two , with the shoulders of a prize fighter and the stride of a panther , handled them easily .
Sharon , smaller , softer , not so easily .
In this case , however , it did n't matter .
Duncan Munro , Sharon found , was n't a giant squid . He was a gentleman .
He was a little heavy , but not soft ; not really fit , but in decent shape .
His age ?
Well , his hair was mostly there and mostly dark , though his eyebrows had begun to look as if two families of small birds , swallows or swifts , were nesting on the ridge there .
He might have been ten years older than he looked , and he looked , say , fifty-five .
No , he did n't look like the next thing , not at first . But he was .
Sharon 's appointment was for five o'clock .
The management of the Hotel St . John had set up a massage table in Duncan Munro 's suite .
Munro had a bad knee .
He lay on his stomach with a towel over his middle .
Sharon went over his back , his shoulders . She handled his knee .
" What happened " ? Sharon asked him .
" It feels okay to me . It was n't broken .
How did you hurt it " ?
" In a football game " .
Sharon was bending Munro 's left knee gently back as he lay prone .
The work went best when you kept the talk going .
" College or high school " ? she asked .
" College " .
" Where did you go " ?
" Princeton " .
" So , they play a lot of football there ' ? "
They did . "
" Not anymore ? "
" I would n't know . "
" Why not ?
Did they kick you out ?
Were you bad ? "
" Do n't be silly . "
Gently , Sharon let Munro 's left leg back down onto the table .
She picked up his right leg , she began testing that knee . "
So , what did you play ? " she asked Munro . " In football ? Were you the quarterback ? "
" I did n't say I was playing . "
Okay . Okay , then . Fine . No talk . No questions .
He wanted her to shut up .
Sharon could do that .
After all , she said , he was Wanda 's client , he was n't hers .
The next week Sharon had a call from someone with a British accent , someone named Patrick . "
Patrick at the St . John " , he said .
He wanted Sharon to take on Duncan Munro 's therapy as a continuing engagement . "
I can 't do that " , Sharon told him . "
He 's Wanda 's client . I can 't just cut Wanda out . We don 't do that . "
" Call her " , said the man named Patrick . "
We 'll look for you Wednesday , then , shall we ? About five ? " Sharon called Wanda .
" Go for it " , said Wanda . " Go right for it . It works for me . I heard from Patrick , too , you know . "
" You did ? " " I sure did " , said Wanda . " I heard from him big time . I am a happy camper today . A very happy camper . "
" Why ? " Sharon asked her .
" I guess you could say Duncan bought my contract " , said Wanda .
" Duncan 's a trip . You 'll have fun . Do n't worry about me . I 'm going shopping . "
So Sharon began calling on Duncan Munro .
The squid never appeared .
Munro stayed on the table as Sharon worked on him . His towel stayed on .
He did n't turn over , he did n't pat or grab or squeeze . He did n't even flirt .
He also did n't complain . "
Am I hurting you ? " Sharon asked him .
" No " .
" Tell me if I hurt you , okay ? "
" Okay . "
At the end of their third or fourth session , when she leaned into his ankle and worked it back , back , Munro said , " Enough . "
" Enough , that hurts ?
" " No " , said Munro . " Enough , let 's have dinner . "
Sharon was uncertain . " You mean sometime ? " she asked .
" I mean now . "
" I could n't " , Sharon said . " I 'm not dressed or anything . Look at me . "
" I am looking at you . I have been for a couple of weeks . You look fine . You 're dressed beautifully . "
" No , I 'm not " , said Sharon . " Or , where did you think of going ? "
" No place " , said Munro . " Are you busy ? Do you have to be anywhere ? "
Briefly , Sharon thought of Neil .
Did she in that moment discern the ineluctable advent of the next thing ?
Probably she did . She thought of Neil . " No " , she said .
Duncan Munro ordered dinner brought up  no ordinary dinner , the kind of dinner Sharon did n't get every night , did n't get every year .
A dinner on heavy linen , perfectly white , a dinner under silver covers , with a couple of bottles of champagne , a dinner rolled in by two waiters , one to serve and one to light the candles and pop the corks .
With them was a tall man wearing a blue suit , an Englishman .
" This is Patrick " , Duncan Munro told Sharon .
" Hi , Patrick " , said Sharon .
" Good evening , miss " , said the Englishman .
" You and I talked on the phone , did n't we ? " Sharon asked .
" Indeed we did , miss " , said Patrick .
" Will that be all for now , sir ? " he asked Munro .
Munro nodded and Patrick shooed the waiters off and followed them to the elevator and out .
" Who 's Patrick ? " Sharon asked Duncan Munro . "
Patrick 's an Etonian " , said Munro .
" What 's an Etonian ? "
" A good thing to be , where Patrick comes from " , said Munro .
" Are you one ? " Sharon asked him .
" I might have been " , said Munro .
" But Patrick 's the real thing . Patrick is a man of many talents . "
" He 's like the concierge ? "
" The concierge ? "
" Yeah . He works for the hotel , does n't he ? " asked Sharon .
" No " , said Munro . " Not for the hotel . "
They began on their dinner .
Munro wore a robe , and Sharon sat opposite him in sweatpants and her FDNY T-shirt .
She expected Munro to drink a lot , but he barely tasted the wine .
Sharon drank most of it herself .
Probably that was part of the thing , long after dinner , of her finding herself with Duncan Munro in the suite 's shower .
They stood in each other 's arms under the warm water .
" I think I 've had too much champagne " , said Sharon .
" Do n't be silly " , said Munro . " You can 't have too much champagne . It 's good for you . "
" It is ? "
" Well , at any rate " , said Munro , " it 's good for me . "
" But you have n't had any . "
" But you have . "
Sharon realized she was a little taller than Munro .
She had never before been together with a man shorter than she .
She looked him over .
He was n't a big man .
" I guess you 're not quite built like a football player , at that " , she said .
" You are . Those broad shoulders . Those strong legs . You 'd have made a beautiful football player . "
" So , do you think I could have joined the team ? " Sharon asked him .
Munro laughed .
" I do n't know " , he said . " The fellows would have been all for it , I know that .
But this was years ago , remember . Before you were born . Coach had a rule against four-legged showers . "
" Four-legged showers ? " Sharon said . " So , is this a four-legged shower we 're having ? "
" You bet . "
Sharon giggled .
" A four-legged shower " , she said . " I like that . That 's pretty funny . "
" Coach thought so " , said Munro . *
After Christmas the real winter , the leaden New York winter , took enduring hold , grimly , like a sentence you had to serve , like long , hard time you had to do , day after day after day .
The cloud and fog and dirt and noise hung low over the avenues , and along them the lights of the shop windows poured a wet , dripping sheen over the streets and over the traffic in the streets so that Sharon , making her way to work every day from Kew Gardens , felt as though she were going down a mine .
She got to the St . John around five .
" You 're wet " , said Duncan Munro .
" Yeah , I 'm wet " , said Sharon . " It 's pouring . You did n't notice ? It 's been raining for two days . "
" I have n't been out . "
" You have n't been out ? You work in here ? "
" Where did you think ? "
" I do n't know " , said Sharon .
" In an office ? An office , I guess . People work in offices . "
" You do n't work in an office . "
" No " , said Sharon . " My work , you 're sometimes better off without an office . "
" Mine , too " , said Munro .
Sharon took off her damp coat and hung it in the closet .
When she turned to Munro , he nodded toward their massage table .
" That 's for you " , he said .
On the table , a paper parcel waited .
Sharon picked it up .
Inside were a pair of plastic sandals from the drugstore and a narrow box about a foot long , covered in black velvet .
" What 's this ? " Sharon asked .
" Open it . "
Sharon opened the box and found herself looking down at a string of pearls , not big pearls , not small .
She hooked them around her finger and lifted them carefully from their box .
" Are these real ? " she asked Munro .
" They 'd better be " , said Munro .
" I can 't take these . "
" Sure , you can " , said Munro .
" I do n't know what to say . "
" Say , thank you , Duncan . "
Sharon picked up the sandals .
" Flip-flops " , she said .
" They 're real , too " , said Munro .
" I do n't get it " , said Sharon .
" You 'll need them " , said Munro . " Where we 're going . "
" Where 's that ? "
" South . "
" South of where ? "
" South of here " , said Munro .
" A long way south . Out of town . Out of the winter . Into the sun , the heat , the light .
You know ? A few days of sun ? A few days of folly ? "
" Folly ? " Sharon asked .
" Folly . Do n't tell me you would n't like that . "
" I 'd like it " , said Sharon . " Sure , I 'd like it .
Where would we go ? Florida ? "
" Not Florida " , said Munro . " South . "
" The islands ? Barbados ? I 've been to Barbados . "
" Not Barbados . Keep going south . Another island . Smaller . A small island I know down there . "
" So , like a resort ? " said Sharon .
" Something like that . "
" When you say ' folly ? ' We 're talking about your basic beach - bar - bed vacation , is that right ? "
" There 's no bar " , said Munro .
Later they lay together in the suite 's enormous bed .
Munro lay on his back with his eyes closed . Sharon rose on her elbow beside him . She put her hand on his chest .
Munro opened his eyes .
" What if I can 't make it ? " Sharon asked him .
" Why would n't you be able to make it ? " Munro asked .
" I might be busy . "
" Busy ? "
" Yeah . Busy . I might have a boyfriend . I might have a husband . "
" You might " , said Munro .
He took her hand . He examined it , turned it over , kissed the palm .
" Beautiful hands " , he said .
Sharon waited .
" You might have a husband " , said Munro at last . " You might . I do n't know . I haven't asked .
I might have a wife . You do n't know . You have n't asked .
You do n't ask . What do I do ? Why am I here ?
You have n't asked . You 've wondered , but you have n't asked . "
" Why would I ask ? " said Sharon .
" Why would n't you ? "
" Because " , Sharon said , " look : if I asked you whether you have a wife and you said yes , I 'd feel bad about that . "
" And if I said no ? "
" I would n't believe you . "
" I see what you mean . "
" Do you ? "
" Do I see what you mean ? "
" Do you have a wife ? "
" No " . *
They flew from a little airport on Long Island to Miami , then to San Juan , then on down .
The plane looked to Sharon like a model plane , like a kind of miniature , until she climbed aboard .
Inside was a long cabin with leather chairs on steel pedestals instead of airline seats , a bank seat like a sofa , and a bar .
Patrick was with them . He rode forward with the pilots .
There was another man , too , a boy , really , with brown skin and a white jacket , who waited at the bar and served them meals .
At San Juan they landed beside a harbor full of the biggest ships Sharon had ever seen , all gray , unmoving : floating gray mountains .
Sharon watched from her window as Patrick and another man , perhaps one of the pilots , left the plane and were met by two men in uniform .
All four climbed into a Jeep and drove a short distance to a metal building .
" Where 's Patrick going ? " Sharon asked Munro .
" He wo n't be long " , said Munro . " It 's the Navy , down here . They make you dance around a little . It wo n't take long . "
Patrick and the pilot returned , and they took off again .
Now the sun was strong in the cabin . The pale walls , the pale carpet , the metal fixtures , the windows , all blazed together .
They had been served some kind of rum cocktails after leaving San Juan , and the cocktails and the sun made Sharon sleepy .
She lay on the bank seat with her sandals off and her head in Munro 's lap .
He stroked her hair .
She slept .
" Here we are " , Munro was saying . " Well , almost . "
Sharon sat up . They were on the ground .
Out the window was the runway and beyond it a low scrubby flat with a dull green tree line and low buildings , pink , yellow , white . Taller buildings in the distance .
" Where are we ? " Sharon asked .
" Port of Spain " , said Munro .
" Where 's Port of Spain ? "
Munro smiled .
" You know " , he said , " I 'm not really sure . We 'll ask Patrick . "
Two men came on board , and they and Patrick collected the luggage and carried it down from the plane , with Sharon and Munro behind them .
The air was hot and heavy , and full of the smell of diesel .
The sky was a milky blue overcast , but there was no coolness in it .
Sharon could feel the heat of the tarmac through her sandals .
She followed Munro .
" Is this the island ? " she asked him .
" Next stop " , said Munro . He pointed ahead .
A helicopter with a fishbowl front compartment , like a traffic helicopter , sat on the runway before them .
Patrick and the other men had put their bags into the machine and now climbed into the front .
Munro and Sharon went in behind them .
" Ever been in one of these before ? " Munro asked her .
Sharon shook her head .
" You 'll love it " , said Munro .
She did love it .
Just at first , when they lifted abruptly up and off , Sharon shrieked and laughed , because the sudden rise made her feel she was falling .
But when they banked and turned and took up their course , she loved being able to see .
You could see everything .
They left the overcast , and the sun flashed on the bright water that passed beneath them , seemingly only feet below .
Overhead the sky , light blue , then darker blue , then purple at its top , and at the horizon , low clouds like a cotton lining that surrounded a great sapphire in a jewel box :
the world on all sides and above and below clear and bright to the farthest limit .
" This is pretty great " , Sharon told Munro .
But he could n't hear her for the noise of the engine and the rotors .
He was looking off to the left .
" This is really great ! " Sharon said again , more loudly .
But Munro still did n't hear .
She touched his knee and he turned to her , smiling and shaking his head .
Sharon smiled back at him , but she did n't try to speak to him again .
Now the water went turquoise and a line of surf appeared where the sea broke on a bar or reef .
Then land sped beneath them , an island that looked like the round eye of a bird :
dark inside a ring of white beach .
There was n't much to the island .
From the air , it looked to be the size of a tennis court ;
even as they descended , Sharon saw it must be very small .
The helicopter landed on the beach :
dark ragged palms inland , their tops bent gently by the wind .
Under the palms , set back , a low square building , and a group of three people coming from the building toward the beach , two pushing hand carts .
The rotors stopped turning , and the pilot and Patrick opened their doors .
" Here we are , miss " , Patrick said to Sharon .
Sharon stepped from the cabin and down onto the soft sand of the beach .
She bent to remove her sandals so she could feel the sand barefoot .
Munro climbed down from the machine and stood beside her .
The wind in her face was strong . It blew her dress against her legs . It blew her hair across her eyes .
" What 's the name of this place ? " Sharon asked Munro .
" I do n't know if it has a name " , said Munro . " We 'll ask Patrick .
" The three with the carts had loaded their bags and were taking them back up the beach toward the building in the palms .
Sharon and Munro started walking behind them when Patrick said ,
" Best put your shoes back on , miss . There are sharp bits off the beach . "
" Oh " , said Sharon .
She was carrying her sandals . She stopped , leaned on Munro 's arm , and put them back on her feet .
It 's no secret that we love hotels here at Yatzer .
They are places of wonder , a virtual design experience that brings the guest into a new world entirely .
We feature brand new properties and exclusive sneak previews , but everyone has a favorite , a place we keep close to our hearts when we think of that special " somewhere . "
Opened in July 2005 in the resort town of Playa del Carmen Mexico , the Hotel Bsico looks like a dream sequence .
It 's as if you are viewing each floor through a pastel Photoshop filter .
A combination of industrial edge and a beachy surf vibe has kept the hotel high in hip factor ;
it is still a place to see and be seen in Playa del Carmen .
The entrance is open onto the street with a bar to serve as the reception check-in .
There are a few tables with chairs set up where guests can hang out and have a drink or stop by to grab the beach towels and snorkel gear that hangs by the bar .
The laid back lobby is a great introduction to what awaits the guest on the floors above .
The guest rooms are playful . Floor to ceiling windows serve as walls to the outside world , appealing to the exhibitionist inside all of us .
Inflatable inner tubes and rubber flip flops hang from the walls , soccer balls and swim fins are stashed under each bed .
The yellow and orange lighting and free standing bath tubs in the middle of each room are a few of the finishing touches that make this place so sexy .
The aesthetics are simple and yet so right .
On the upper levels you can find the outdoor restaurant and lounge where the laid-back motel beach theme continues .
A neptune green bar displays lush tropical fruits for fresh juice and cocktails you would only sip on vacation ,
and the retro lounge furniture is ideal for gazing over at the playa through a pair of oversized sunglasses .
A pair of small , circular orange pools kiss atop the Bsico ; two perfect accent marks on the steamy sensuality that fills the hotel below .
Advanced radiology tests such as CT scans , MRIs and ultrasounds have dramatically changed how patients are diagnosed and treated .
Just a decade ago , patients were still being subjected to exploratory surgery , in which a surgeon cuts open the abdomen to look for problems ;
today , CT scans allow doctors to make diagnoses without a scalpel .
CTs and MRIs routinely change the course of medical care , often for the better .
But their use has become soroutine that their lifesaving benefits are being increasingly overshadowed by the risks of overuse .
The potential risks to patients are also well known .
CT scans expose patients to a substantial amount of radiation , which can increase the risk of cancer over time .
More testing also means more false positives , more unnecessary invasive procedures , more patient stress and higher costs .
So how do we reconcile these competing narratives  of revolutionary medical care vs. the perils of the " imaging boom " ?
First we need to understand why doctors order too many tests .
The most commonly cited reason is " defensive medicine : " the fear of being sued by patients for not ordering a test .
Recently , new evidence of defensive medicine was presented at the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons conference .
The study involved 72 orthopedic surgeons who saw 2,068 patients and reported ordering 20 % of their expensive imaging tests " for defensive reasons " .
This accounted for 57% of bone scans , 53% of ultrasounds , 38% of MRIs , 33% of CT scans and 11% of x-rays .
But while most doctors agree that defensive medicine is a real motivator , its costs are actually difficult to count :
estimates have ranged from as high $ 650 billion to , more recently , about $ 56 billion .
The dispute is over how much care is really provided to avoid malpractice suits , as opposed to other reasons for excessive care .
Certainly , costs are high .
But let 's for a moment talk about some of the other motivators for overtesting , like having to stand up in a forum called a " morbidity and mortality " ( M&amp;M ) conference and talk about mistakes .
Dreaded M&amp;Ms , which are held regularly hospitals as a postmortem of failed medical cases , are much more common than relatively rare malpractice suits .
Once a doctor has presented an M&amp;M , she will probably never make that same mistake again  but she may start ordering more tests on her patients for minor symptoms .
Of course , M&amp;Ms are never held to explain cases in which all the tests a doctor ordered come back negative .
Another reason for overtesting is simply that new doctors can 't function without them .
Lately , radiology tests have become a crutch :
doctors in training are no longer taught how to distinguish patients who need testing from those who do n't .
A decade ago , a surgeon would spend time interviewing and carefully examining a patient to help decide if he or she needed a CT .
Now , many surgeons , especially the younger ones , wo n't see a patient until the CT is complete .
Testing has become more of a reflex than a higher-level decision .
In fairness , CT results can be often better than even a senior surgeon 's medical opinion . It also makes sense for patients : you want your surgeon to bedarn sure before they operate on you .
According to the recent study of orthopedic surgeons , younger doctors are less likely to order tests for defensive reasons than older , more experienced doctors .
On the surface , this is a counter intuitive finding , since one would expect younger doctors to be more afraid of making a mistake and therefore more likely to practice defensively .
But could it be that younger doctors are simply less likely to view imaging tests as defensive , considering them instead as the standard way to make a diagnosis ?
Of course , no discussion of overtesting would be complete without amention of the positive incentives doctors have to order tests  such as making money .
This may be true in instances in which the doctor owns the radiology equipment , as dentists ' offices do .
But whether most individual doctors think in those terms is somewhat less clear .
There is actually a more subtle positive incentive :
ordering a test  cost aside  takes less effort than spending the time to think about whether it 's really needed .
If you want to know whether your doctor orders more tests to make more money , ask her how much the tests cost , and how much she thinks she makes for ordering the test .
Most likely she does n't know .
So how do we address the overtesting problem ?
First and foremost , we need to develop better tests that do n't require expensive imaging .
For example , if a simple blood test could be developed to rule out a serious problem without an MRI or a CT , it would save loads of money and resources .
In the absence of better tests , we need more evidence about who really needs to be imaged , and that evidence needs to be made more easily accessible .
For instance , there 's little data to helpe mergency doctors figure out when to use high-cost CTs to diagnose abdominal pain .
When evidence does exist , doctors often do n't apply it because it 's hard to remember in a busy practice or hectic ER .
Testing-decision rules should be integrated through real-time computerization , so doctors can see the evidence every time they consider ordering a test .
This may also help retrain doctors to think more about whether a test is indicated and make testing less reflexive .
Further , since patients perceive that care is better when a doctor orders a test , we should make balanced evidence on the risks and benefits of testing available to patients in easily understandable formats , so they can share in testing decisions with their doctors .
We also need initiatives that better balance doctors ' incentives .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is already starting to measure the rates at which doctors and hospitals order tests .
Putting such information in the public domain may help rein in some overtesting .
Other widely discussed payment reforms that hold promise include reimbursing doctors per episode of care , instead of  la carte , for services :
if a doctor gets a fixed price for diagnosing and treating a condition , she stands to lose if she tests unnecessarily .
Other models , such as accountable-care organizations , networks of doctors and hospitals that share responsibility for treating patients , may allow doctors to share savings when they spend less resources , including ordering fewer tests .
Finally , the penalties for not ordering tests need to be better balanced .
That means reform to curb the still very real defensive-medicine issue .
One proposal is to cap noneconomic damages and eliminate lottery-style payouts , which serve as enticement for potentially injured patients and their lawyers to sue .
Some industry experts suggest offering additional protections to high-risk specialists like ER doctors who are required by federal law to provide medical care to everyone , such as raising the standard for malpractice to gross negligence .
Others have suggested medical tribunals , in which independent panels would hear claims and judge whether they have merit .
But real reform is unlikely to happen unless doctors ' groups , supported by patients ' groups interested in better medical care , band together with a common voice .
Until then , the next time your doctor wants to order a test , ask why .
The odds are that it will be the right decision , but just by asking you may be able to steer clear of a test or two and the potential downsides of overtesting .
Many of the psychologists , artists and moral philosophers I know are liberal .
so it seems strange that American liberalism should adopt an economic philosophy that excludes psychology , emotion and morality .
Yet that is what has happened .
The economic approach embraced by the most prominent liberals over the past few years is mostly mechanical .
The economy is treated like a big machine ;
the people in it like rational , utility maximizing cogs .
The performance of the economic machine can be predicted with quantitative macroeconomic models .
These models can be used to make highly specific projections .
If the government borrows $ 1 and then spends it , it will produce $ 1.50 worth of economic activity .
If the government spends $ 800 billion on a stimulus package , that will produce 3.5 million in new jobs .
Everything is rigorous . Everything is science .
Conservatives , who are usually stereotyped as narrow-eyed business-school types , have gone all Oprah-esque in trying to argue against these liberals .
If the government borrows trillions of dollars , this will increase public anxiety and uncertainty , the conservatives worry .
The liberal technicians brush aside this soft-headed mush .
These psychological concerns are mythological , they say .
That 's gaseous blathering from those who lack quantitative rigor .
Other people get moralistic .
This country is already too profligate , they cry .
It already shops too much and borrows too much .
How can we solve our problems by borrowing and spending more ?
The liberal technicians brush this away , too .
Economics is a rational activity detached from morality .
Hardheaded policy makers have to have the courage to flout conventional morality  to borrow even when the country is sick of borrowing .
The liberal technicians have an impressive certainty about them .
They have amputated those things that can't be contained in models , like emotional contagions , cultural particularities and webs of relationships .
As a result , everything is explainable and predictable .
They can stand on the platform of science and dismiss the poor souls down below .
Yet over the past 21 months , it has been harder to groove to their certainty .
To start with , the economy has not responded as the modelers projected , either in the months after the stimulus was passed or this summer , when it was supposed to be producing hundreds of thousands of jobs .
It has become harder to define how much good the stimulus package is doing .
An $ 800billion measure must leave a large footprint , but it is hard to find in a $ 70 trillion global economy .
Moreover , it has been harder to accept that psychological factors like uncertainty and anxiety really are a mirage .
The first time a business leader tells you she is holding off on investing because she is scared about the future , you dismiss it as anecdote .
But over the past few years , I 've had hundreds of such conversations .
It 's been harder to dismiss morality as a phantom concern , too .
Maybe in a nation of robots  the government can run a policy that offends the morality of the citizenry , but not in a nation of human beings , as the recent elections showed .
Nor has the world come to look simpler and easier to manipulate since the stimulus passed .
It now looks more complicated .
It 's one thing to hatch an ideal policy in an academic lab , but in the real world , context is everything .
Ethan Ilzetzki of the London School of Economics and Enrique G. Mendoza and Carlos A . Vegh of the University of Maryland examined stimulus efforts in 44 countries .
In a recent National Bureau of Economic Research paper , they argued that fiscal stimulus can be quite effective in low-debt countries with fixed exchange rates and closed economies .
Stimulus measures are generally not as effective , on the other hand , in countries like the U.S. with high debt and floating exchange rates .
The authors of the paper pointed to a series of specific circumstances that complicate , to say the least , the effectiveness of increasing public spending :
How much stimulus money ends up flowing abroad ?
What is the relationship between fiscal policy and monetary policy ?
How do investors respond to fear of future interest rate increases ?
It 's become harder to have confidence that legislators can successfully enact the brilliant policies that liberal technicians come up with .
Far from entering the age of macroeconomic mastery and social science triumph , we seem to be entering an age in which statecraft is , once again , an art , not a science .
When you look around the world at the countries that have come through the recession best , it 's not the countries with the brilliant and aggressive stimulus models .
It 's the ones like Germany that had the best economic fundamentals beforehand .
It all makes one doubt the wizardry of the economic surgeons and appreciate the old wisdom of common sense :
simple regulations , low debt , high savings , hard work , few distortions .
You do n't have to be a genius to come up with an economic policy like that .
" The investigation , which lasted several months , enabled us to identify a body of converging evidence demonstrating that three Group employees have committed misconduct that infringes Renault 's ethics , consciously and deliberately endangering the company 's assets " , Christian Husson , General Counsel and Compliance Officer of Renault said in a statement .
" We are examining all legal options , which will inevitably result in legal action , but at this point , Renault will make no further comments " , he added .
They could be dismissed soon if they are found to have leaked information , two sources told Reuters .
" The internal investigation is continuing , but a decision should be made in the coming days " , said one source close to the company .
" In nine out of 10 cases , suspension ( without pay ) of this kind , is followed by a dismissal " , he said .
" Suspension of this kind ( without pay ) never lasts very long .
I think unfortunately in the days to come , next week , action will be taken , if action is to be taken " .
Renault 's competitor PSA Peugeot Citroen is " extremely vigilant " about the risks of industrial espionage , Chief Executive Philippe Varin said .
Varin said the group was renewing its own ethics code , but this was not in response to Renault 's suspensions .
Math That Moves :
As students returned to class this week , some were carrying brand-new Apple iPads in their backpacks , given not by their parents but by their schools .
A growing number of schools across the nation are embracing the iPad as the latest tool to teach Kafka in multimedia , history through " Jeopardy " -like games and math with step-by-step animation of complex problems .
As part of a pilot program , Roslyn High School on Long Island handed out 47 iPads on Dec. 20 to the students and teachers in two humanities classes .
The school district hopes to provide iPads eventually to all 1,100 of its students .
The iPads cost $ 750 apiece .
and they are to be used in class and at home during the school year to replace textbooks , allow students to correspond with teachers and turn in papers and homework assignments , and preserve a record of student work in digital portfolios .
" It allows us to extend the classroom beyond these four walls " , said Larry Reiff , an English teacher at Roslyn who now posts all his course materials online .
Technological fads have come and gone in schools , and other experiments meant to rev up the educational experience for children raised on video games and YouTube have had mixed results .
Educators , for instance , are still divided over whether initiatives to give every student a laptop have made a difference academically .
At a time when school districts are trying to get their budgets approved so they do not have to lay off teachers or cut programs , spending money on tablet computers may seem like an extravagance .
And some parents and scholars have raised concerns that schools are rushing to invest in them before their educational value has been proved by research .
" There is very little evidence that kids learn more , faster or better by using these machines " , said Larry Cuban , a professor emeritus of education at Stanford University , who believes that the money would be better spent to recruit , train and retain teachers .
" IPads are marvelous tools to engage kids , but then the novelty wears off and you get into hard-core issues of teaching and learning " .
But school leaders say the iPad is not just a cool new toy but rather a powerful and versatile tool with a multitude of applications , including thousands with educational uses .
" If there is n't an app that does something I need , there will be sooner or later " , said Mr. Reiff , who said he now used an application that includes all of Shakespeare 's plays .
Educators also laud the iPad 's physical attributes , including its large touch screen ( about 9.7 inches ) and flat design , which allows students to maintain eye contact with their teachers .
And students like its light weight , which offers a relief from the heavy books that weigh down their backpacks .
Roslyn administrators also said their adoption of the iPad , for which the district paid $ 56,250 for the initial 75 ( 32-gigabyte , with case and stylus , ) was advancing its effort to go paperless and cut spending .
In Millburn , N.J. , students at South Mountain Elementary School have used two iPads purchased by the parent-teacher organization to play math games , study world maps and read " Winnie the Pooh " .
Scott Wolfe , the principal , said he hoped to secure 20 more iPads next school year to run apps that , for instance , simulate a piano keyboard on the screen or display constellations based on a viewer's location .
" I think this could very well be the biggest thing to hit school technology since the overhead projector " , Mr. Wolfe said .
The New York City public schools have ordered more than 2,000 iPads , for $ 1.3 million ;
300 went to Kingsbridge International High School in the Bronx , or enough for all 23 teachers and half of the students to use at the same time .
More than 200 Chicago public schools applied for 23 district-financed iPad grants totaling $ 450,000 .
The Virginia Department of Education is overseeing a $ 150,000 iPad initiative that has replaced history and Advanced Placement biology textbooks at 11 schools .
And six middle schools in four California cities ( San Francisco , Long Beach , Fresno and Riverside ) are teaching the first iPad-only algebra course , developed by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt .
Even kindergartners are getting their hands on iPads .
Pinnacle Peak School in Scottsdale , Ariz. , converted an empty classroom into a lab with 36 iPads  named the iMaginarium  that has become the centerpiece of the school because , as the principal put it , " of all the devices out there , the iPad has the most star power with kids " .
But technology advocates like Elliot Soloway , an engineering professor at the University of Michigan , and Cathie Norris , a technology professor at the University of North Texas , question whether school officials have become so enamored with iPads that they have overlooked less costly options , like smartphones that offer similar benefits at a fraction of the iPad's base cost of about $ 500 .
Indeed , many of the districts are paying for their iPads through federal and other grants , including money from the federal Race to the Top competitive grant program , which administrators in Durham , N.C. , are using to provide an iPad to every teacher and student at two low-performing schools .
" You can do everything that the iPad can with existing off-the-shelf technology and hardware for probably $ 300 to $ 400 less per device " , Professor Soloway said .
The company has been developing a school market for the iPad by working with textbook publishers on instructional programs and sponsoring iPad workshops for administrators and teachers .
It does not , however , appear to have marketed the tablet as aggressively to schools as it did its early desktop computers , some of which were heavily discounted for schools and helped establish a generation of Apple users .
School officials say that Apple has been offering only a standard educational discount of about 10 percent on the iPad .
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt , which developed the iPad algebra program in California , said it planned to compare the test scores of students using a textbook in digital and traditional book formats .
The iPad version offers video of the author solving equations , and individualized assessments and practice problems .
Many school officials say they have been waiting for technology like the iPad .
" It has brought individual technology into the classroom without changing the classroom atmosphere " , said Alex Curtis , headmaster of the private Morristown-Beard School in New Jersey , which bought 60 iPads for $ 36,000 and is considering providing iPads to all students next fall .
Dr. Curtis recently used a $ 1.99 application , ColorSplash , which removes or adds color to pictures , to demonstrate the importance of color in a Caravaggio painting in his seminar on Baroque art .
" Traditionally , so much of art history is slides on a screen " , he said . " When they were able to manipulate the image themselves , it came alive " .
Daniel Brenner , the Roslyn superintendent , said the iPads would also save money in the long run by reducing printing and textbook costs ;
the estimated savings in the two iPad classes are $ 7,200 a year .
" It 's not about a cool application " , Dr. Brenner said . " We are talking about changing the way we do business in the classroom " .
Three Big Challenges to China in 2011 :
Lack of economical and comfortable housing in China causes the most discontent for the populace .
Picture : A collection of " snail houses " in Chengdu , Sichuan . The daily rent for a snail house is 6 yuan ( US$ 0.90 ).
Shaun Rein , founder and managing director of the China Market Research Group , contributed an article to Forbes.com , pointing out three big economic problems China is facing in 2011 .
The first problem is rising inflation .
People 's feeling of rising prices is more serious than statistics .
" Even though official inflation was 5.1% in November , every day the Chinese feel much more of a squeeze than that number indicates , as prices of cooking oil , eggs and apples have all risen 10% to 20% in the last six months " , Rein said .
The rising cost of labor , one of the causes of inflation , drives manufacturing companies to relocate to lower-cost bases such as Indonesia , which threatens China 's employment .
The second problem which causes the most discontent for most of the population is the lack of economical and comfortable housing in China .
Real estate developers prefer to build luxury houses as they can earn lucrative profits , rather than economical and affordable houses which the average Chinese house buyer could afford .
The third problem is that trade tensions between China and the US will become further strained this year .
While the US still wallows in economic doldrums , it is not scrutinizing its own economic structure but instead looking for scapegoats .
The result is that the US will continue blaming its trade imbalance on China .
This time it 's different .
It 's certainly true that America has been through cycles of declinism in the past .
Campaigning for the presidency in 1960 , John F. Kennedy complained , " American strength relative to that of the Soviet Union has been slipping , and communism has been advancing steadily in every area of the world " .
Ezra Vogel 's Japan as Number One was published in 1979 , heralding a decade of steadily rising paranoia about Japanese manufacturing techniques and trade policies .
In the end , of course , the Soviet and Japanese threats to American supremacy proved chimerical .
So Americans can be forgiven if they greet talk of a new challenge from China as just another case of the boy who cried wolf .
But a frequently overlooked fact about that fable is that the boy was eventually proved right .
The wolf did arrive -- and China is the wolf .
The Chinese challenge to the United States is more serious for both economic and demographic reasons .
The Soviet Union collapsed because its economic system was highly inefficient , a fatal flaw that was disguised for a long time because the USSR never attempted to compete on world markets .
China , by contrast , has proved its economic prowess on the global stage .
Its economy has been growing at 9 to 10 percent a year , on average , for roughly three decades .
It is now the world 's leading exporter and its biggest manufacturer , and it is sitting on more than $ 2.5 trillion of foreign reserves .
Chinese goods compete all over the world .
This is no Soviet-style economic basket case .
Japan , of course , also experienced many years of rapid economic growth and is still an export powerhouse . But it was never a plausible candidate to be No.1 .
The Japanese population is less than half that of the United States , which means that the average Japanese person would have to be more than twice as rich as the average American before Japan 's economy surpassed America 's .
By contrast , China 's population is more than four times that of the United States .
The famous projection by Goldman Sachs that China 's economy will be bigger than that of the United States by 2027 was made before the 2008 economic crash .
At the current pace , China could be No.1 well before then .
China 's economic prowess is already allowing Beijing to challenge American influence all over the world .
The Chinese are the preferred partners of many African governments and the biggest trading partner of other emerging powers , such as India and South Africa .
China is also stepping in to buy the bonds of financially strapped members of the eurozone , such as Greece and Portugal .
And China is only the largest part of a bigger story about the rise of new economic and political players .
America 's traditional allies in Europe -- Britain , France , Italy , even Germany -- are slipping down the economic ranks .
New powers are on the rise : India , Brazil , Turkey . They each have their own foreign-policy preferences , which collectively constrain America 's ability to shape the world .
Think of how India and Brazil sided with China at the global climate-change talks . Or the votes by Turkey and Brazil against America at the United Nations on sanctions against Iran .
That is just a taste of things to come .
When Innovation , Too , Is Made in China
By STEVE LOHR Published : January 1 , 2011
AS a national strategy , China is trying to build an economy that relies on innovation rather than imitation .
Clearly , its leaders recognize that being the world 's low-cost workshop for assembling the breakthrough products designed elsewhere  think iPads and a host of other high-tech goods  has its limits .
So can China become a prodigious inventor ?
The answer , in truth , will play out over decades  and go a long way toward determining not only China 's future , but also the shape of the global economy .
Clues to the Chinese approach emerge from a recent government document containing goals for drastically increasing the nation 's production of patents .
It offers a telling glimpse of how China intends to engineer a more innovative society .
The document , published in November by the State Intellectual Property Office of China , is called the " National Patent Development Strategy ( 2011-2020 " . )
It discusses broad economic objectives as well as specific targets to be attained by 2015 .
In a recent interview , David J. Kappos , director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office , pointed to the Chinese targets for 2015 and called them " mind-blowing numbers " .
According to a translation of the document provided by the patent office , China 's goal for annual patent filings by 2015 is two million .
That number includes " utility-model patents " , which typically cover items like engineering features in a product and are less ambitious than " invention patents " .
In the American system , there are no utility patents .
In 2009 , about 300,000 applications for utility patents were filed in China , roughly equal to its total of invention patents , which have been growing slightly faster than utility filings in recent years .
But even if just half of China 's total filings in 2015 are for invention patents , the national plan calls for a huge leap , to one million , by 2015 .
By contrast , patent filings in the United States totaled slightly more than 480,000 in the 12 months ended in September , according to the patent office .
China 's patent surge has been evident for years .
In October , Thomson Reuters issued a research report , forecasting that China would surpass the United States in patent filings in 2011 .
" It 's happening even faster than we expected " , said Bob Stembridge , an intellectual-property analyst at Thomson Reuters .
Yet if the trend is not surprising , the ambition of the Chinese plan is striking .
The document indicates , for example , that China intends to roughly double its number of patent examiners , to 9,000 , by 2015 .
( The United States has 6,300 examiners ) .
China also wants to double the number of patents that its residents and companies file in other countries .
Recent Chinese filings in the United States , Mr. Kappos says , are mainly in fields that China has declared priorities for industrial strategy , including solar and wind energy , information technology and telecommunications , and battery and manufacturing technologies for automobiles .
To lift its patent count , China has introduced an array of incentives .
They include cash bonuses , better housing for individual filers and tax breaks for companies that are prolific patent producers .
" The leadership in China knows that innovation is its future , the key to higher living standards and long-term growth " , Mr. Kappos says .
" They are doing everything they can to drive innovation , and China 's patent strategy is part of that broader plan " .
China 's strategy is guided and sponsored by the state .
Should that be a source of concern for the United States , and perhaps a trade issue ?
Or is the plan likely to resemble past efforts by other governments to give their companies an edge in global competition ?
In the 1980s , the Japanese government was widely viewed as the master practitioner of industrial policy , and Japan Inc. seemed poised to overrun one American industry after another , including computers .
As we know , it did n't turn out that way , partly because of steps taken by the American government and industry .
A semiconductor trade agreement was intended to pry open the Japanese market .
and I.B.M. invested in a crucial but then-struggling supplier , Intel .
writing software .
Generalizations are risky , but it seems that Japan , as a society , has not produced enough of that kind of innovative skill , despite being a formidable patent generator .
( In that area , Japan is still slightly ahead of the United States by some measures , though Japan 's patent filing pace is slowing ) .
To call Japan 's industrial policy an outright failure would be simplistic .
In some industries  autos , machine tools and consumer electronics , for example  it has done quite well .
" They are still in the game in those industries and going gangbusters  and we are not " , said Clyde V. Prestowitz Jr , . president of the Economic Strategy Institute and a former United States trade negotiator .
Still , just how strong a hand government policy had in those successes is open to debate .
The Chinese patent strategy document is filled with metrics , right down to goals for patents owned per million people .
It speaks of an innovation-by-the-numbers mentality , much like a student who equates knowledge with scores on standardized tests .
" It is a brute-force approach at this stage , emphasizing the quantity of innovation assets more than the quality " , said John Kao , an innovation consultant to governments and corporations .
But it would be a mistake , Mr. Kao said , to assume that China will necessarily follow a path similar to Japan 's .
China , he says , is not only much bigger than Japan , but it also has a more individualistic entrepreneurial society .
Someday , he predicts , China will have its entrepreneurial equivalents of Steven P. Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg .
DESPITE China 's inevitable rise , Mr. Kao said , the United States has a comparative advantage because it is the country most open to innovation .
" American culture , more than any other , forgives failure , tolerates risk and embraces uncertainty " , Mr. Kao says .
Many innovative products and technologies , he says , will be made elsewhere .
" But America 's future lies in being the orchestrator  the systems integrator  of the innovation process " , Mr. Kao said .
" Look at Silicon Valley .
It is a place where smart people from all nations , all languages and all ethnic groups come together .
It 's the capital of innovation assembly " .
RenRen Setting the Standard for China 's Social Networks
Facebook has set the standard for social networking outside of the great firewall , but a different set of rules apply inside of it .
In China , RenRen is way ahead of its competitors , with 160 million registered users .
Its biggest competitor , Tencent 's Qzone , claims more registered users , but relies more upon usernames than true names and is slow to change .
RenRen is racing ahead and setting the standards for user interaction and monetization on Chinese social networks .
Their model draws on both a healthy dose of Facebook copying and the unique characteristics of Chinese internet users , which can make it hard to grasp for social media observers outside of China .
How Mature is RenRen ?
One of RenRen 's TV ads told a story of a friendship restored after years of misunderstanding .
And it was all possible ' because of RenRen ' .
RenRen was originally XiaoNei (  ) , which was nearly an exact replica of Facebook  it even had " A Mark Zuckerberg Production " at the bottom of the page .
XiaoNei was an on-campus social networking site , just like Facebook .
In 2005 , Oak Pacific Interactive acquired Xiaonei and in 2009 the site 's name was changed to RenRen .
This change was accompanied by a series of traditional media ads , including huge print and TV ad buys .
That 's an unusual promotion method for an internet company , allowing RenRen to jump from campus to a broader network for all ages .
Let 's look at the numbers :
Between October 2009 and October 2010 RenRen 's user base increased by 60 million , with a total of 160 million registered users out of a total 420 million internet users in China .
It has an estimated 28 million daily active users ( self-reported . )
Active users average 23.5 pages per user per day and log-in 6.2 days per month .
RenRen currently has 98 million working class users ( mainly spread out in second and lower tier cities ) and 20 million student users .
RenRen Social Ads Value Model
RenRen 's Social Ads Value Model trumpets the ' derivative value ' of SNS advertis
In November , RenRen held a series of promotional events , called The RenRen Effect , in Shanghai and Beijing to introduce its Social Ads Value Model in China .
RenRen is attempting to define the value of social ads , and why it 's necessary for companies to get involved ( in RenRen , of course . )
The model attaches value to different kinds of interactions between users , especially the second-order benefits of friends sharing to friends .
Facebook refers to this as " Derivative Value " .
In The Facebook Effect ( p.261 , ) David Kirkpatrick writes , Once an advertiser establishes some sort of connection with a user it gets a tremendous amount of what Facebook calls ' derivative value ' .
Executives say that once a brand makes a connection with a consumer that leads to an average of about 200 free additional ' impressions'  occasions when people on Facebook see information about that brand .
' We will never again sell banner ads ' , says [ Facebook advertiser , ]
' Engagement ads leverage the power of the Internet to enable the marketer to have a dialogue with the audience .
That 's very different from traditional banner ads on the Web .
Those do what advertisers have done on TV and in print for fifty years  intentionally disrupt the experience you are having. 
With its " RenRen Effect " , RenRen is trying to introduce this concept of ' derivative value ' to Chinese brands and advertisers .
RenRen 's statement also highlights the multiplier effects gained via referrals from trusted friends .
Alvin Chiang , Chief Marketing Officer of Oak Pacific Interactive , states :
With The RenRen Effect , advertisers do n't only get return on their initial investment in ' Paid Media by impressions and clicks ' they get much more
on Social networks , advertiser also gets free ' Earned Media ' through news feeds , a built-in mechanism which allows users to not only interact with a brand , but to share the brand 's own messages with their friends automatically and therefore , become brand advocates .
In addition , the brand may eventually accumulate and gain ' Owned Media ' through Fan Pages , another powerful marketing tool available on Renren .
Is RenRen 's pitch to be believed ?
We can't really say , since it 's just the beginning of the social ads era .
But one thing is certain , there 's a limit in terms of user experience  sooner or later users will become saturated and can't take anymore ads .
But RenRen is confident that they are still long way from that point .
Right now RenRen is more like a theme park with fancy rides ( ads ) as attraction , though the ad-centric strategy may not be fitting for long term development of the site .
What is RenRen 's Advantage ?
Facebook always experiments with its design , bringing out new functions and then testing user feedback .
It 's definitely more technologically advanced than RenRen .
Since creation , RenRen has not had many turning points in its technical development .
Most steps follow Facebook closely , so we can't see if there 's a sense of creativity in RenRen .
When Facebook launched Places , Like , and Pages , so did RenRen ( with exactly same names . )
They are very efficient at copying Facebook on the major functions
but there are the lesser details of Facebook that 's still desirable in RenRen , such as the more intelligent newsfeed system and an updated user interface ( RenRen 's today is Facebook 's yesterday . )
So what is RenRen 's strategy that attracted 60 million users in one year ?
1. Existing Users
Many RenRen users came from the time of XiaoNei , campus buddies that have established strong ties in RenRen over the last two to four years .
These users have stored a huge amount of content in RenRen , so there 's a high barrier for them to switch , even when they leave school .
New work connections have to join RenRen to be part of their social network .
2. Campus Network Environment Even though none of the officials in OPI will admit that RenRen is still a campus network , when it comes to student users , especially the younger high school students , RenRen is still their primary choice of SNS , because based on the maturity level of SNS sites in China this is what they are most comfortable with .
3. Decline of Competitors
In 2010 , we have seen huge declines in SNS sites such as Kaixin001 and 51 .
As users abandon their sinking ships , RenRen beckons .
RenRen 's Game Plan &amp; Reliability
The 5 Major Trends of SNS development as defined by RenRen
The RenRen management views the future of SNS in five steps :
Mobile , Entertainments , Social Structure Horizontal Shift , eCommerce , and Cross Platform Integration .
RenRen 's game plan is to test the water with all of the hottest apps .
In October , RenRen introduced 5 new products for 2011 :
A social game , RenRen Party  A music app  An LBS app  A " Like " function ( exactly the same as Facebook)  A " Groupon " site
That basically covers all of the hottest social media trends right now .
So RenRen is making a number of the third parties in its ecosystem rather anxious .
For instance , there was recently a temporary termination of Jiepang's ( a copy of FourSquare ) synchronization with RenRen , which means users could no longer broadcast their check-ins in JiePang to their RenRen friends .
Synchronization has since been restored , but that week raised speculation that it was attributable to RenRen launching an updated version of their own LBS iPhone app .
Watership Down Martin Rosen , 1978 By rights it should have been risible :
a Wagnerian quest epic played out with bunny-rabbits .
Happily , this 70s cartoon preserved the dark , gamey flavour of Richard Adams 's classic source novel .
Its hopping heroes flee a man-made disaster and run like vagabonds through dangerous terrain .
Along the way , they encounter foxes , snares and railway lines , although the biggest threat comes from their own kind .
Was there ever a more terrifying movie villain than the red-eyed General Woundwort , the pocket dictator who runs his warren like a Stasi state ?
Woundwort may be shorter than a hare , but he 'll have your throat out as soon as look at you .
Another hectic , fascinating and memorable year for UEFA draws to a close  with European football 's governing body and its president Michel Platini having continued the mission to further develop and improve the game and its many facets .
UEFA has refused to rest on its laurels , and looks back on a 2010 that is packed with achievements .
Preparations for UEFA EURO 2012 have gathered speed as the countdown continues apace .
The qualifying competition is throwing up some intriguing results , and unstinting work is ongoing across Poland and Ukraine to ensure a memorable tournament in two summers ' time .
The late spring also brought joy to France who were awarded the UEFA EURO 2016 final round after a high-quality bidding contest .
Financial fair play in European football has been a key cause in 2010 .
UEFA has emphasised that its financial fair play measures are designed to safeguard the long-term health of the European game and introduce more discipline within club finances .
UEFA 's financial fair play initiative is aimed especially at curbing the financial excesses that have brought a considerable number of clubs into difficulty in recent times .
The fight against match-fixing went on unabated , as a means of protecting the game from the manipulation that is a threat to its glorious uncertainty .
As part of efforts to help match officials in their decision-taking , experiments have continued in UEFA 's club competitions with additional assistant referees positioned on the goal lines at each end of the pitch to focus in particular on penalty-area incidents .
As far as the development of Europe 's young match officials is concerned , the launch of the new UEFA Centre of Refereeing Excellence in Nyon gives UEFA the chance to work together with the referees and assistants of tomorrow at the excellent Colovray Stadium facilities which UEFA officially took over in April .
In its dialogue with the European Union ( EU , ) UEFA has been seeking to strengthen the notion of the specificity of sport and build on the structures of the European sports model , underpinned by the sports federations .
The protection of minors , financial fair play , sports betting and broadcasting have been some of the most pressing questions facing football governance and being discussed at EU level .
Close cooperation with other sports federations has been ongoing at European and international levels .
Grassroots football remains essential for UEFA  healthy foundations mean a healthy elite .
National associations have striven for recognition within UEFA 's Grassroots Charter , while the inaugural UEFA Grassroots Day in May proved the power of the grassroots game across the continent .
Properly educated coaches will help nurture good footballers .
and UEFA 's coach education initiatives , upheld by the UEFA Coaching Convention , are working to produce quality coaches who are improving football across Europe .
The HatTrick assistance programme on behalf of UEFA 's 53 member associations goes from strength to strength .
In every country , installations are improving and working environments are flourishing thanks to the funds UEFA is providing .
The year ended with the positive news that the UEFA Executive Committee had approved an increase in solidarity payments to the 53 European national associations via the HatTrick scheme .
UEFA 's member associations are sharing invaluable know-how and expertise through the Knowledge &amp; Information Sharing Scenario ( KISS ) project , as well as through the innovative UEFA Study Group Scheme whereby football associations exchange invaluable technical information .
A series of education schemes , headed by the ambitious Executive Master in European Sport Governance ( MESGO , ) is geared , among other things , towards helping football administrators gain the requisite experience to help enhance their own associations ' management work .
Zero tolerance  the policy adopted towards eliminating racism in the game  has been maintained , and the UEFA Champions League matchday in mid-October offered an ideal platform for UEFA and its partner , the Football Against Racism in Europe ( FARE ) network , to highlight the pan-European anti-racism campaign .
Football comes first  accompanied by an unbending determination to move the continental game forward and face the challenges of the future .
At this year 's XXXVI Ordinary UEFA Congress in Tel Aviv , UEFA president Michel Platini  who announced he will be seeking a second four-year term of office at the next Congress in Paris in March  stressed the organisation 's commitment to the 11 key values that underpin its work .
" We have always been faithful to our ideas and values " , he said .
" And we will remain so .
We are ready to face the future . "
Best Photographs of Russia is a project that has encompassed all regions of the country .
Every citizen can take part in the photo exhibition , from amateur photographers to well-known professional photographers , provided photographs are taken from September , 2010 to October , 2011 .
In this article we want to show you winners in the nomination ' People . '
Thirst , Tyumen .
In the Metro , Moscow .
The Look of an Old Man , Slavyanka .
Orphan , Slavyanka .
Deer Breeder 's Day , Salekhard .
Reckless Housewife , Saint Petersburg .
Joseph Koudelka , Moscow .
Coach , Moscow .
On the Edge , Moscow .
Lelka , Perm .
Three Sisters , Moscow .
Bodybuilding , Novosibirsk .
Love , Kurgan .
Cock of the Walk , Moscow .
Yard , Novosibirsk .
The Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius , Moscow .
Gray-Haired Man , Kemerovo . Gipsy 's Happiness , Maykop .
Boy , Naro-Fominsk .
Fearless , Moscow .
Under the Wing , Moscow .
Girl , Ufa .
Sabrina , Sergiyev Posad .
Security , Moscow .
Arina , Krasnodar .
Boss , Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky . Relaxing , Moscow .
Young Models , Saint Petersburg .
Evolution , Mytishchi .
Body Fitness , Barnaul .
Girls , Moscow .
No Name , Saint Petersburg .
Rain , Saint Petersburg .
Forest Inhabitants , Novocherkassk .
Shepherd , Novorossiysk .
Flight , Moscow .
Mother and Son , Penza .
Look , Krasnoyarsk .
Waiting for Brother-Soldiers .
Crowded , Moscow .
Talking to a Chess Player , Moscow .
The Last Affection , Moscow .
Against the Whole World , Moscow .
Gas Station Queen , Norilsk .
Hey-Hey !
Makhachkala .
Sky With Us , Moscow .
Man 's Tenderness , Ivanteevka .
Overcoming Yourself , Bryansk .
The 3 most important questions to ask yourself before you share anything on social media
Did your mother ever tell you " think before you speak " ?
She could n't have been more right , especially in today 's social media frontier .
I had the opportunity to sit down with Pamela Johnston , the President of Cloud12 PR and a New York City 20-year PR veteran .
Dozens of accolades adorn Pamela 's shelves and virtual walls , including a Brandweek Guerilla Marketer of the Year Award and Top 25 Most Brilliant Minds in Sales &amp; Marketing from the Hospitality Sales and Marketing Association International ( HSMAI . )
Before you hit that big red button , whether it be a share , Tweet or status update , here are 3 questions to ask yourself before you share anything on social media :
1 ) Ask yourself , before posting/tweeting " Would I share this " ?
Asking yourself this question is almost like saying " Who cares " ?
says Pamela . " Just because you have something to say does n't mean that someone on the other end wants to hear it " .
Because Twitter is quick and fast paced , marketers will often use it and end up spaming customers .
While the platform is meant to be used for whatever you want to use it for , there are effective ways to use and there are very ineffective ways to use it .
One of the aims for a business on Twitter is to get customers to re-tweet your message .
Particularly if you are a media outlet who wants readers to retweet your stories , ask yourself :
If I saw this , would I RT it ?
" It 's about being much more thoughtful as opposed to being quick and spewy " , says Pamela , who 's seen big news sources often make this mistake , while individual reporters tend to do a good job .
2 ) Ask yourself , am I trying to talk to " new audiences " or keep it cool with my existing ' peeps ? '
Often times brands only take the time to seek social media engagement with its existing customers .
" When I 'm conceiving a new outreach strategy for brands and they want to go in the same direction they 've always gone , I have to ask myself :
why am I spending my time and why are they spending their money to just be social with already loyal customers " ?
Social media should be used to spread the word and gain new customers , furthering your reach while opening and extending your network .
Often times brands talk to their core instead of to the new people they 're trying to bring in .
Be aware of your brand 's voice .
Does it have a tone of invitation in it or is it just spewing the same-old , same-old ?
3 ) Ask yourself , when does transparency shoot me in the foot ?
Social media is transparent in real time and that 's why it 's fun .
But it can also be dangerous for competitive businesses .
How about a PR rep telling your competitor everything right before or as you 're doing it ?
Pamela has seen smart people working in social media that are ignoring the detrimental side of transparency .
Her advice ?
Follow your competitors
because chances are they are blasting out their itineraries on TripIt and friending important people on LinkedIn , Facebook and Twitter that could give you very obvious clues to what 's happened at those round table luncheons .
" Basically " , Pamela concludes , " Do n't share publicly .
And use discretion and maturity " .
What are other important questions to ask yourself before sharing on social media ?
DARPA 's Smart BLADE Will Cut Enemy Communications on the Battlefield
Soldier in Iraq Using a Tactical Radio
DARPA has awarded BAE systems $ 8.4million to develop its BLADE program ( for Behavioral Learning for Adaptive Electronic Warfare , ) a system of algorithms that can automatically identify and jam threatening wireless communications .
What DARPA is seeking here is communication spectrum superiority , giving friendly forces a monopoly on situational awareness and radio frequency for remotely controlled objects while denying the same to the enemy .
That means developing a tool that can identify not just known communication threats , but new ones that have n't been seen before .
Currently that requires evaluation by technicians in a laboratory , which then develop a countermeasure that can be implemented .
DARPA wants the capability to " counter adaptive wireless communication threats in tactical environments and in tactically relevant time scales "
To meet DARPA 's demands , BAE will need to develop software solutions that not only detect and characterize new communications threats , but also effectively jam them as well as assess how effective that jamming was .
That is , DARPA wants to jam the communications and then be able to ensure that it stays jammed so that sophisticated communications devices can't circumvent BLADE without the system knowing it .
Further , DARPA wants BLADE to be integrated into existing electronic warfare devices , meaning it wants new algorithms and software , not new hardware systems .
If effective , BLADE could give soldiers on the battlefield a means not just to silence enemy communications , but potentially identify and selectively jam remotely detonated IEDs , the most pervasive threat American soldiers are currently facing in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Establish control of the airwaves and you do n't just create a tool , but you potentially rob the enemy of one as well .
I have been doing sexuality education workshops since 1989 .
In one particular workshop , I focused on the idea of sex being a skill .
One participant reacted very strongly against that idea .
It was as though sex and sexuality could not possibly be anything other than natural or innate .
I 've been thinking about this reaction for some time now and reflecting on it in light of my experiences with learning a couple of skills as an adult .
One of the things I am most proud of is learning how to swim in my 30s .
As a child living on a family farm , I heard stories of children being thrown off a boat by their siblings and told to swim  which they did .
To the storytellers , my siblings , that was proof that swimming was natural .
I was only grateful they did n't throw me in the water .
Instead , I was taught , mostly by my mother , to be afraid that if I attempted to learn to swim , I would drown .
As an adult dealing with the intense fear messages I had learned , I did n't find that swimming came naturally .
In fact , it was a very steep learning process to release the fears and learn the skills .
It is hard to float when you are afraid .
I am not the best swimmer today by any stretch ;
I think that some people have a natural ability to float and that it would have been easier for me to learn to swim as a child .
But more important are all the other factors that affect my potential to tap into a natural ability , whether it 's about swimming or sex .
The fear in my brain was the biggest obstacle .
The messages I 'd heard , the stories I 'd been told and my lack of experience were as much a part of my learning ( and unlearning ) as any inherent natural ability in my body to float in the water .
But knowing when to breathe and synching my movements with my breathing are skills I had to learn regardless of any innate ability to swim .
When I learned to swim , I took classes and had teachers .
I had to practice in real life , in a swimming pool .
I could n't just read about it or watch a video .
To use a different example :
I learned how to ride a bicycle as a child .
Whether or not balancing on a bicycle is innate or learned , I will let you decide .
Just as I had developed the fear of water and swimming , the fear of cars was instilled within me in as large proportion .
I had twelve siblings growing up , and most of them were older .
Unfortunately , drinking and car accidents were common in my family ;
one accident left one of my brothers paralyzed from the waist down .
So once again I learned , mostly from my mother , to be very afraid of car accidents .
It did n't help to be in my first car accident as a passenger at the age of fourteen ; I was left with broken teeth and a broken left wrist .
Having had at least one other very serious car accident as an adult , which left me with a severe neck injury , I appreciate the damage that can be done to my body if I am in a car accident while in a car , much less on a bicycle .
Moving through the fear as an adult and getting on the bicycle in a city was and is no small thing .
And just because I learned how to balance on a bicycle as a child did not mean I did n't have a lot more to learn as an adult .
There were no stop signs on the farm .
I give the swimming and bicycle riding examples because I think the same thing happens with sex .
If we learn that masturbation is a sin , as I did growing up Catholic , it has an effect on our sexuality .
Whatever might come instinctively as part of a sexual experience presupposes that I have body awareness and openness to sexuality .
Having body acceptance did not happen until my adulthood .
I know many of us have struggled at some point in our lives with being present in our minds , emotions and bodies .
So how do we learn the skill of sex ?
Or how do we unlearn fear of sex , as I unlearned some of my fear of water and cars ?
Pretty much the same way we learn anything :
We can read and research the topic . We can ask our friends or a professional . We can learn from watching a video . And we can learn sex by doing  by having sex .
There are ways to learn to be present in our emotions and body that are nonsexual in nature but can be helpful in sexual situations as well .
Anything I do to increase my self-esteem or self-acceptance will also allow for increased self-esteem in sex and sexuality .
After all , our sexuality is not separate from our minds , emotions and body awareness .
Anything I do to enhance my emotions will allow for more emotional capacity in love , relationships and sexuality as well .
When I learn to communicate appreciation and care in all relationships or how to communicate through a conflict , I can use those same skills when talking about sex .
I do recognize some of the inherent or natural aspects of sex and sexuality .
If we have the foundation of body awareness or trust in ourselves and/or a partner , we can feel pleasure and may intuitively touch a certain way or respond sexually in some natural way , such as instinctively doing a rocking motion with our pelvis .
But trust may need to be reestablished if it 's been broken for whatever reason .
Many people can benefit from exercises and learning to increase their body awareness , and practical information on sex and sexuality can help enhance pleasure for many people .
If sex was only a skill , I would probably not be as interested in it as an education topic .
I would consider it boring and technical , and it certainly would not have been one of the main focuses of my work for over twenty years .
I cherish all of the creativity , humanness , flow and spontaneity of sex as it can exist in our minds , emotions and bodies .
I appreciate the art of communication and building trust , of learning to let go when alone or with another person .
If we really believe sex is natural , one place to start to honor that belief is to support , rather than shut down , children 's innate tendency to masturbate and explore their bodies .
And if we acknowledge that sex is also a skill , we can get as good at it as we choose and still honor all of its creative mystery .
Life Magazine once called the Soviet medicine the most nationalized in the world .
In the  issue of January 1970 a lot of pictures on this topic were published .
Take a look at some of them .
From birth to death every Soviet citizen has his own " book of health " where all diseases are registered .
He can get medical care without leaving his job , right at the place , no matter if it 's school , plant , farm or office .
If he 's ill but still able to walk he goes to the hospital by himself .
But the Soviet medical system has some disadvantages .
Modern technologies and means of anaesthesia are often unavailable .
Dental care is out of date and therefore painful .
70 % of all the Soviet doctors are women .
You can see many women doctors on the numerous Soviet posters
These are some women doing special breathing exercises for better childbirth
Medical examination right at the working place At school
Alcoholism is one of the main problems .
Alcoholics get special treatment making them throw up every time they drink alcohol .
A simple scheme  alcohol , vomiting , sleep .
A conversation on how important to abstain from alcohol .
Treatment of a schizophrenic
Electricity was a popular treatment for the mentally-diseased in the USSR .
Encephalogram
Mentally-diseased people making paper flowers as a part of their treatment .
There are many resorts in the USSR where people can have a rest and get good medical care .
This is a popular treatment  mud cure .
And these are pictures of some courses in Moscow High Party School looking quite weird .
Having higher measures of walking speed among older adults was associated with increased length of survival , according to a study in the January 5 issue of JAMA .
" Remaining years of life vary widely in older adults , and physicians should consider life expectancy when assessing goals of care and treatment plans .
However , life expectancy based on age and sex alone provides limited information because survival is also influenced by health and functional abilities " .
There are currently no well-established approaches to predicting life expectancy that incorporate health and function .
Stephanie Studenski , M.D. , M.P.H. , of the University of Pittsburgh , and colleagues conducted a study to assess the association of gait speed with survival in older adults and to determine the degree to which gait speed explains variability in survival after accounting for age and sex .
The study included a pooled analysis of 9 participating studies ( collected between 1986 and 2000 , ) using individual data from 34,485 community-dwelling adults age 65 years or older .
All studies used instructions to walk at usual pace and from a standing start .
Participants had an average age of 73.5 years ;
The average gait speed of the participants was 0.92 meters ( 3 feet ) per second .
During the course of the study , there were 17,528 deaths .
The overall 5-year survival rate was 84.8 percent ; the 10-year survival rate was 59.7 percent .
The researchers found that gait speed was associated with differences in the probability of survival at all ages in both sexes , but was especially informative after age 75 years .
" Predicted years of remaining life for each sex and age increased as gait speed increased , with a gait speed of about 0.8 meters / second at the median life expectancy at most ages for both sexes .
Gait speeds of 1.0 meter / second or higher consistently demonstrated survival that was longer than expected by age and sex alone .
" Walking requires energy , movement control , and support and places demands on multiple organ systems , including the heart , lungs , circulatory , nervous , and musculoskeletal systems .
Slowing gait may reflect both damaged systems and a high energy cost of walking " .
The researchers write that there are a number of ways gait speed might be used clinically , including helping to identify older adults with a high probability of living for 5 or 10 more years , who may be appropriate targets for preventive interventions that require years for benefit .
Gait speed might be used to identify older adults with increased risk of early mortality , " In these patients , further examination is targeted at potentially modifiable risks to health and survival " .
Gait speed may be a simple and accessible indicator of the health of the older person " , the authors conclude .
We 've already told you about Nizhny Novgorod and changes which it has undergone .
These 're more pictures for you to check :
The Palace Of Pioneers . Gorky Square .
Gorky Square and a monument to Maxim Gorky .
Another photo of Gorky Square , but obviously it was taken earlier than the previous one .
A march of Communists was very much to the point .
Drama Theater , 1956 .
Minin Square , 1955 .
' Hotel Rossiya . '
Medical University , 1952 .
A monument to Chkalov .
The inscription ' to Stalin 's man ' has been deleted . 1952 .
Building 1 , Minin Street .
A bookfair on Minin Street .
Minin Square , 1953 .
One of the buildings of the Kremlin .
The Kermlin , 1920s .
Just one church is left .
Soviet ( Minin ) Square , the 20s .
Minin Square , 1969 .
A monument to Minin .
The first McDonalds in Nizhny Novgorod .
We will open in April 1997 . Oktyabr ( October ) Cinema , 2000 .
A church .
Two of its domes are gone .
Near the riverside station .
Alexander Nevsky Street , 1890s .
Napolnaya Street leading to the outskirts of the city .
The church is the only thing left from the past .
They say that Peter I stayed in this house on the left twice .
After that they made it a pub and named it ' The House of Peter I , ' which was later turned into an underground concert platform for local bands .
In 2005 local administration put a ban on organization of places of entertainment in historic buildings .
Now it 's half-abandoned .
A pontoon bridge .
They replaced it with a regular one . A church and the elevator of the Kremlin .
The Oka River embarkment .
Now it 's Chernigovskaya Street .
The Ivanov Gate .
Almost nothing 's changed .
Another elevator .
A railway station and a mill .
The station was closed in 1974 .
A theological seminary and a consistory .
Now it 's the Pedagogical University .
This is the main building of Nizhny Novgorod Fair .
Rozhdestvenskaya Street and a bank on the left .
Rozhdestvenskaya Street near the pontoon bridge .
Fair booths , 1900s .
Another view of Nizhny Novgorod .
This is the city power station and another elevator .
Near a flophouse , 1890s .
The main building of Nizhny Novgorod Fair , 1890s .
Tiksi is an outpost of the Nothern Sea Route and a once prosperous village near the Laptev Sea .
Tiksi .
Sea Gate .
Respublika Sakha ( Yakutia . )
The inscription ' Klava 's bi**h ' on the moorage welcomes its quests .
Grey sky , continual fog , lifeless streets and people ,
whose fates have been destroyed by goverment 
Coming up to the village 
It seems like there has been a war here !
This used to be a playground .
This rocket stands here as a symbol of today 's aircraft construction .
In the streets there are a lot of stray dogs which look friendly , but serious .
One of the administrative buildings .
This man has been living here since 14 .
He says that the village had been developing and growing rather well up to the 90s .
They would produce consumer goods and fuel ,
and would go fishing on weekends .
He remembers that they would fly south on vacations 
and then he just gives a deep sigh .
Most people left their homes leaving everything behind because they had no money to buy even some food in Tiksi .
They escaped to Yakutsk .
Those who had relatives there , stayed at their places and those who didn't , lived at dormitories .
The man says that at that time he had a good salary which allowed him to buy food for his family and pay bills ,
but buying clothes was a luxury for him .
Now he 's a retiree and has nowhere to go .
Even if he had ,
he wouldn't leave this village because he had given it too much .
In Tiksi they are living to die .
The Tiski of today is a village which consists of just two streets , with a post office , a bank , a motel , and a lot of stores which have very little to offer but at outrageous prices .
A two-litre bottle of Coca-Cola starts at 7 dollars !
Can you believe that ? '
The central street of the village looks more or less civilized .
A cross-country vehicle is driving along one of the streets .
It has brought some things from the airport because a couple of hours ago a plane from Yakutsk landed there .
Another smart-looking dog . '
Our children are our future . '
Here they are !
One of the abandoned apartments .
They didn't bomb their people , no .
They exterminated them with no bloodshed .
They like talking about nanotechnologies a lot .
What do they think this is ?
Leaving Tiski just like everybody else does .
Microbes Digest the Titanic ' s Remains
The destruction of the Titanic , started by a huge iceberg , will be finished by tiny , iron-eating bacteria .
Karen Hopkin reports | December 14 , 2010 | 0 In the spring of 1912 an iceberg in the Atlantic took down the Titanic .
Now , some humble bacteria are trying to finish the job .
Scientists analyzing rust from the sunken ship have discovered a new species of microbe that eats iron .
Their findings are described in the International Journal .
[ Cristina Snchez-Porro et al , .
" Halomonas titanicae sp .
nov , .
a halophilic bacterium isolated from the RMS Titanic " ] Researchers have been studying the Titanic 's remains since they were discovered resting more than two miles beneath the ocean surface .
And they 've found that the ship has been not -so-slowly disappearing .
Visitors have removed artifacts , and the hull is festooned with rusticles :
icicle-shaped accretions of iron oxide , otherwise known as rust .
Nearly 20 years ago scientists took samples of that rust ,
and found that it harbors a mix of iron-munching microbes .
Now , analyzing the DNA of these organisms , researchers have catalogued more than two dozen strains of bacteria ,
including a new one they 've dubbed Halomonas titanicae .
The bacteria are bad news for the Titanic , which may only last another 20 years , say the scientists .
The good news is such bugs could be used to hasten the decay of other , less cinematic wrecks . 
Karen Hopkin [ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
( NaturalNews ) It will come as no surprise to many health minded individuals that a natural diet high in vegetables and fruits promotes health and extends lifespan .
Foods saturated with synthetic chemicals , hydrogenated fats , salt and sugar stress our genetic integrity and result in metabolic chaos .
We evolved to eat a diet packed with nutrients in a natural state and to live in an environment free of pollutants and man-made toxins .
Researchers now show that a diet high in vegetables and fruits can reduce the risk of death from all causes by up to 39% .
Alpha - Carotene Level Linked with Lower Risk of Death
Alpha - carotene is a powerful antioxidant that we take in largely from eating a diet high in vegetables and fruits .
This nutrient superstar is found concentrated in the brightly colored skins and flesh of most foods in their natural form .
Information published in the Archives of Internal Medicine provides the results of a study performed on a group of more than 15,000 men and women over a period of nearly 18 years . A review of circulating alpha - carotene in the blood showed a direct correlation between blood saturation of the nutrient and risk of dying .
Healthy Diet Shown to Reduce All Cause Mortality by 39% Researchers measured alpha - carotene levels to determine risk of death and found that those individuals with the highest blood saturation had a 39% lower risk of dying from any cause compared with the lowest levels .
Participants that consumed the most vegetables and fruits were found to have the highest alpha - carotene levels ,
while a processed food diet yielded virtually no measurable levels of the antioxidant .
The study found that alpha - carotene provided a high degree of protection against cardiovascular disease and cancers of the brain , liver and skin .
Foods That Increase Alpha - Carotene Levels
Alpha - carotene reduces risk of disease because it is a powerful antioxidant that neutralizes the damaging effects of free radicals on our cells and energy producing mitochondria .
It`s best to consume organic vegetables and fruits as your primary source of alpha - carotene .
You can find rich sources in yellow-orange vegetables such as carrots , sweet potatoes , pumpkin and winter squash .
Dark green leafy vegetables including broccoli , green beans and peas , spinach and leaf lettuce are also excellent sources .
Fruit Shown to Cut Lung Cancer Risk by 23%
The results of a study published in the journal Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers &amp; Prevention reveals that eating a wide variety of different types of fruits can lower the risk of lung cancer by as much as 23%
Interestingly , the study demonstrated that the risk was reduced more by the number of different fruits consumed and was not dependent on quantities eaten .
Eating from more than eight sub-groups was shown to provide the most protection .
Risk declined by 4% for each additional variety added to the diet .
Research continues to validate the critical importance that proper diet plays in preventing lifestyle illnesses such as cardiovascular disease and cancer .
Our cells have evolved through generations to rely on carotenoids such as alpha - carotene for protection from free-radical damage . As health minded individuals , we are charged with the responsibility to eat from a wide variety of vegetables , fruits and foods in their natural form to prevent disease and increase life span .
The Sex Party aims to develop a sex-positive culture .
We are the world 's first registered political party dedicated exclusively to sex-positive issues .
Central to our strategy is to run candidates in elections .
We are registered in British Columbia and ran three candidates in the B.C. election May 17 , 2005 .
We are in the process of registering at the federal level .
We intend to run in future federal , provincial and municipal elections .
Check out our comprehensive platform :
federal and provincial .
We also seek to build sex-positive community and to challenge sex-negativity through court action and public education .
Our main fundraising and community-building vehicle is a social gathering we call SexArtVoteYes !
( SAVY ) celebrations where we display erotic art , do edge-pushing and explicit erotic performance art , hear erotic poets and comedians , and dialogue about sex and politics in our personal lives and culture .
We need you .
Help make society better and have fun doing it .
If you are an erotic artist or performer we can showcase your art .
We also need volunteers , skilled and general .
Got extra cash and want to give it to a revolutionary cause ?
Donate to The Sex Party .
The Australian Sex Party is a political response to the sexual needs of Australia in the 21st century .
It is an attempt to restore the balance between sexual privacy and sexual publicity that has been severely distorted by morals campaigners and prudish politicians .
Tolerance of sexual free speech and sexual expression is one of the main hallmarks of free and democratic nations .
Intolerance of these qualities is one of the hallmarks of autocracies , dictatorships and theocracies .
The vast majority of Australians are relaxed and tolerant of a broad spectrum of sexual expression but state and federal governments have increasingly ignored this demographic and pursued policies and legislation that have restricted sexual free speech and expression  often under threat of large fines and even jail sentences .
The Sex Party is fed up with wowserism in Australian parliaments .
It is frustrated by the lip service paid to gender equality and sexual identity by the major parties when real and meaningful law reform stalls on factionalism and behind the scenes handshakes with religious leaders .
The Party has registered with the Australian Electoral Commission and has signaled its intention to field candidates at all levels of government over the coming years .
If you are a Google docs user ,
then it is good to have your documents updated and synced to Google docs from your desktop .
Up the Sync is a nice freeware app which allows user to sync your desktop documents with Google docs .
What makes Up the Sync still better is the fact that it does the synchronization automatically from the system tray .
You just need to specify the folder where you files are stored .
Further , it can sync multiple folders at the same time .
First time you use the app , you need to specify your Google account details .
Add the folders where your documents are stored and the application lists out all the text files for sync .
The application needs Java runtime for execution as it is written in Java .
It auto-syncs every 5 minutes by default , and can run quietly in the system tray .
If the user updates a document on their computer the Google docs version is also updated .
Download Up the Sync
The interview below with Alan Ball by Fabio M. Barreto is a translation from Portuguese to English by Billsbabe Marta and ,
although she did a great job translating ,
it may not represent what Alan Ball and the author said " verbatim " thoughout .
However , I thought it was a very interesting interview ,
so we are sharing it with you in English .
To see the original interview go to SOSHollywood .
" The ultimate is having a show in which if you lose , you die .
As far as the reality shows are concerned ,
at least the ones I 've been watching ,
it wouldn't be that bad if some of those people could actually die .
If Bachelorette picked someone to shoot every week , you bet I 'd be the first to watch it !
[ Laughs " ]  Allan Ball Listening to Allan Ball is always something interesting for various reasons .
He is confident about his creations ,
isn't afraid of controversial issues and looks at his work in both a fun and serious way .
A great mix in a world full of withdrawn directors and " empty stars , "
controlled by the infamous media  the PR's ( public relations , ) the press and any others who relate to the public image - who can even " knock down " the studios and main networks when it's time to guide their clients .
Ball stands out and is able keep up a good conversation .
He feels comfortable talking about almost every subject as long as it's within the context of TV .
He 's good , that 's the truth .
And the ones who are good always stand out in Hollywood , which is already showing signs of fatigue .
But he doesn't care about that and neither do I because , after all , our job is to talk .
And that's why I had the opportunity to talk once more to the creator of True Blood in the name of SOS Hollywood and Sci-Fi News .
The fourth season of the show is already being filmed and its premiere is scheduled for 2011 .
Get your bottle of True Blood ready and enjoy this conversation with the master of vampires for adults !
Are creating cliff hangers still a rule in TV shows ?
Was the season finale ( season 3 ) something well planned or was it something that happened naturally ?
It wasn't intentional , it happened naturally .
Every time we create stories , we try to look for what I like to call ,
a " what the fuck moment " where basically whoever is watching thinks " What the fuck " ?
I think that every episode needs at least one of those moments otherwise it's not a worthy episode and it gets easy to let the viewer wonder whether he enjoyed the episode or not .
That's why I believe that as directors and writers ,
our job is to try to make a " WTF " episode with an emotional basis and within the story of that world .
Now that the show keeps growing ,
I feel that when I work with scriptwriters is not enough to have an honest conversation about their opinions .
I need to see some heads rolling .
Is it your main concern to reinvent the series at each new season ?
I think we try not to repeat ourselves .
We try hard not to .
We use the books as the basis to the show but our story is different .
The main contrast is between the vampires in the books and our vampires .
The books are about Sookie , they tell her story .
Whenever she leaves Bon Temps or does something else they only show her perspective .
In the books we don't see Jason or Sam  we need to get the story going and tell people who they are .
I don't have a plan , I just try to find the best story and hopefully , it'll work .
Is TV something liberating or restricting ?
I don't know .
I mean , we can pretty much tell whatever story we want as long as it 's not pornographic ;
that 's a boundary that has not been crossed yet .
The limit is having a show in which if you lose , you die .
As far as the reality shows are concerned ,
at least the ones I 've been watching it wouldn't be that bad if some of those people could actually die .
If Bachelorette picked someone to shoot every week ,
you bet I 'd be the first to watch it !
[ Laughs ] How do you separate pornography from sexual appeal on True Blood ?
Art has to do with the soul .
I 'm not saying that True Blood is a work of art but I 'm saying that it 's not about the bodies ;
it has to do with the connection that exists between people .
Part of what I loved in the books was the great mix of horror , romance , drama , comedy and sex in Bon Temps .
The vampires are pretty much a metaphor for sex :
there's penetration , body fluids  it 's a very erotic metaphor , in fact .
And there's lots of sex in Charlaine Harris 's books .
I think that the sex life of the characters is something very interesting ,
we learn a lot about the mind and the soul of a person through sex .
I felt that it was a very natural and important part of that world and it just had to be there .
Jason is sexually compulsive because he is traumatized , this is a classic story .
But in order to have a sexually compulsive character ,
we need to show the sex otherwise it doesn't make sense , right ?
That's what's interesting about him , that's his source of self-esteem .
Was balancing the sex scenes something difficult or did it occur naturally ?
The sex is a part of the characters ,
of their lives and also a part of the show .
Think , Sookie was a virgin when the show started and why couldn't she have sex ?
Because she could hear the nasty thoughts of the men she was dating with .
Then the sex between Bill and her become a major part of her story ,
an important part of her emotions ;
Again , Jason is sexually compulsive so the sex is a very important thing in his story .
Basically , the vampires are the sex .
Actually , what attracted me the most was the fact that this story was set in a small town in the south  and I 'm from a small town in the south  when we have that puritanism which is a characteristic of small towns ,
the sex has much more emphasis .
The Americans can't feel relaxed when the subject is sex .
Is it because of that " explicit content " that True Blood has to be more visceral than , let's say , Twilight ?
Twilight fans are thirteen year old girls .
I think that if thirteen year old girls who watch Twilight and the kind of sex scenes that are in Twilight , watched True Blood and the kind of sex scenes that are in True Blood , they would be traumatized .
True Blood is for adults .
When did vampires stop being monstrous creatures and transformed themselves into romantic ones ?
Well , a lot of people think that it started with " Dark Shadows "
[ gothic soap opera famous in the 60 's that is going to be transformed into a movie . Johnny Depp will be in the main role . ]
There were also Anne Rice 's books and the Broadway production of Dracula in the 70 's .
I think there was a point in which they became romantic heroes .
How do you keep the suspense going when the story in the books is so advanced and well known in comparison to the show ?
I try not to worry about it .
I need to create a show and assume that the people who are watching it , are watching it for the first time .
We also make some changes , so It 's not exactly the same story .
It's a lot easier , The hard work has all been done .
But It's difficult because I can't just follow any path ,
we have to remain faithful to the books to a certain extent because most of the fans of the books are also fans of the show .
Did it give you freedom to make the changes you wanted ?
As for example , Tara 's background and Lafayette 's own story .
Yes , I decided that Tara would be Afro-American .
After all , we're talking about Louisiana .
How could we not have a black character ?
I thought it would be more interesting if Sookie and Tara were like sisters , had different skin colors and didn't identify with the rest of the people .
About Lafayette : in the very first scene I shot with Nelson I knew I couldn't kill that character , he 's too great .
Everyone wants to see Lafayette succeeding from the moment they start to understand him which is not easy because there's a huge barrier around him .
He has been a male prostitute and a dealer but then things changed .
That shows me a person who is afraid of intimacy ,
then I decided to include a person on the show who would force him to have that intimacy .
That's when Jesus appeared  and that story is not over yet .
Has your sexual orientation affected the approach to the show ?
Did you make True Blood more liberal and sensible to homosexuality ?
Has there been any attempt of censorship ?
I 'm not a fan of censorship .
I was born gay so the privileged world of the Caucasian and heterosexual is not the world that I live in .
I think it definitely influences me , I 'm more sensible in the approach of homosexuality .
Lafayette is gay but we also see more about who he is because for me being gay is not enough for a character , is not that interesting .
When is 3D coming to TV ?
I love the fact that Inception was a huge success without being in 3D .
HBO wants to make a show in 3D and I was told about it .
My impression is that to do that in the show we 'd have to film a 3D version and a non-3D version and I think that is too much .
It's already difficult to do it the way we do nowadays .
Personally , I think the 3D is interesting but it 's just an effect .
Do you understand ?
I mean , I loved Avatar in 3D but in the end I thought it was like going to an amusement park .
I didn't feel like I had gone to the cinema .
It 's fun but then you end up forgetting about it .
These days almost every TV has a 3D cable so I'm sure if there's a possibility of making money out of it , it'll happen .
Why are there so many non-Americans in the cast ?
It wasn't intentional .
I cast trained actors , who have skills and who know how to read a particular scene .
Many American actors are very attractive and charismatic but they lack the skill .
When someone makes a movie and has a 2/3 pages of script ,
they can shoot scene after scene and then put them together to get a performance .
We can't do that , we have to shoot 7 pages a day .
So , I need people who can deliver a good performance and who know how to act right there .
The cast of True Blood brought many interesting things to their characters .
What were the criteria to choose James Frain and Joe Manganiello ?
We had already casted a lot of people I was starting to get nervous .
James showed up and read his lines with an American accent and I told him : " Don't worry about the accent , be yourself " .
He did it and it was great !
Alcide was possibly the new romantic guy on the show .
In fact , Joe came to cast as Cooter and I remember telling him that he had to be Alcide .
Someone who looked like a hero and he brought that to the character .
How 's the fourth season going ?
We started filming in November .
The premiere will be in June , 2011 .
How do you picture the perfect vampire ?
Is it from True Blood ?
I don't know how a vampire should be , I don't know what that is .
In the end , it 's all fantasy .
I don't know how to answer that question because there's no strict definition of what a vampire is .
Before the 70 's , before the character in Dark Shadows in the 60 's they were monsters ;
there was always someone there to rescue the girl .
But then the vampire became a romantic hero and everything changed .
Smaller Than a Dime , Frog Is World 's Tiniest Vertebrate
Smaller Than a Dime , Frog Is World 's Tiniest Vertebrate by Jane J. Lee on 11 January 2012 ,
Christopher C. Austin/Louisiana State University
Drop a dime in the middle of an eastern New Guinea rainforest , and you might squash a newly discovered frog species .
Paedophryne amauensis has taken the top spot as the world 's smallest vertebrate , with an average adult size of 7.7 millimeters in length , less than half the diameter of a U.S. dime .
That beats out the former record holder , an Indonesian fish from the carp family whose females grow to about 7.9 millimeters .
The new frog species lives in rainforest leaf litter , likely dining on springtails , mites , and ticks , the researchers report online today in PLoS ONE .
They also discovered a second tiny frog species , Paedophryne swiftorum , in New Guinea , which grows to between 8.3 and 8.9 millimeters .
Miniaturization is nothing new for frogs .
The 29 smallest species all come in under 13 millimeters .
The researchers propose that the repeated evolution of extreme small size in frogs ,
coupled with their exclusivity to moist habitats ,
has allowed them to exploit the nooks and crannies in the vegetation of the rainforest floor .
The United States Once Planned On Nuking the Moon
Today I found out the United States once planned on shooting a nuclear bomb at the moon .
If you presumed that the reasoning behind such an act was " because we can , " you are absolutely correct .
That is exactly why the U.S. wanted to do it , in order to one-up the Soviet Union ,
who were perceived as leading the space race at the time .
The project was labeled " A Study of Lunar Research Flights " or " Project A119  and was developed by the U.S. Air Force in the late 1950s .
It was felt that this would be a relatively easy thing to do and would also boost public perception of how the U.S. was doing in comparison to the Soviet Union in terms of the space race .
According to one of the leaders of the project , physicist Leonard Reiffel ,
hitting the moon with an intercontinental ballistic missile would have been relatively easy to accomplish ,
including hitting the target with an accuracy of about two miles .
This accuracy would have been particularly important as the Air Force wanted the resulting explosion to be clearly visible from Earth .
As such , it was proposed that the explosion happen on the border of the visible part of the moon ,
so that the resulting mushroom cloud would be clearly visible , being illuminated by the sun .
The project was eventually scrapped as it was felt that the public would not respond favorably to the U.S. dropping a nuclear bomb on the moon .
One can only imagine the conversation that would have had to take place to convince the Soviet Union of the U.S. 's peaceful intent with the launch of that missile :
United States : " Hey Soviet Union , don't worry about that intercontinental missile we just fired that has a nuclear warhead attached . We swear , it 's aimed at the moon . "
Soviet Union : " Why would you shoot a nuclear missile at the moon ? "
United States : " 
Soviet Union : " ? ? "
United States : " You know  BOOM  but in space .
" Bonus Factoids :
A young Carl Sagan was one of the scientists hired by Reiffel for this project .
Specifically , Sagan was hired to study how exactly the mushroom cloud would expand on the moon ,
so that they could make sure it would be clearly visible from Earth ,
which was the whole point of the project .
Sagan felt that the project also had scientific merit in that the cloud itself could be closely examined for possible organic material .
The Miller Research Fellowship is a program provided by Berkeley to help some of the world 's most promising young scientists launch their careers .
Winners are given a three year appointment where they are mentored by Berkeley 's faculty and are allowed to use the university 's facilities for their research , among other benefits .
Around 400 people have been made Miller Fellows since 1960 and there have been over 1000 scientists who have been supported through the program .
Among this very prestigious group are six Fields Medalists and seven Nobel Prize winners .
Carl Sagan was one of the first " Miller Fellows " inducted .
His three year term began in 1960 when the Fellowship was created .
June 6th , 2012 | Inspiration | Unusual and creative skateboards designed by French artist Arthur King .
Skateboard wheels were attached to computer keyboards , food trays , musical instruments , suitcases , books , and other objects .
Keyboard Skateboard Food Tray Skateboard Wood Log Skateboard Stack of Books Skateboard Sponge Skateboard Invisible Skateboard Grass Skateboard Bed Skateboard Stack of Cards Skateboard Apple Crate Skateboard Stack of T Shirts Skateboard Nail Skateboard Camera Skateboard Egg Carton Skateboard Musical Skateboard Briefcase Skateboard Also check out :
Skateboard Sculptures and Skateboard Furniture
NASA - funded astrobiology research has changed the fundamental knowledge about what comprises all known life on Earth .
Researchers conducting tests in the harsh environment of Mono Lake in California have discovered the first known microorganism on Earth able to thrive and reproduce using the toxic chemical arsenic .
The microorganism substitutes arsenic for phosphorus in its cell components .
" The definition of life has just expanded " , said Ed Weiler , NASA 's associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at the agency 's Headquarters in Washington .
" As we pursue our efforts to seek signs of life in the solar system , we have to think more broadly , more diversely and consider life as we do not know it " .
This finding of an alternative biochemistry makeup will alter biology textbooks and expand the scope of the search for life beyond Earth .
The research is published in this week 's edition of Science Express .
Carbon , hydrogen , nitrogen , oxygen , phosphorus and sulfur are the six basic building blocks of all known forms of life on Earth .
Phosphorus is part of the chemical backbone of DNA and RNA , the structures that carry genetic instructions for life , and is considered an essential element for all living cells .
Phosphorus is a central component of the energy-carrying molecule in all cells ( adenosine triphosphate ) and also the phospholipids that form all cell membranes .
Arsenic , which is chemically similar to phosphorus ,
is poisonous for most life on Earth .
Arsenic disrupts metabolic pathways because chemically it behaves similarly to phosphate .
" We know that some microbes can breathe arsenic , but what we 've found is a microbe doing something new -- building parts of itself out of arsenic " , said Felisa Wolfe - Simon , a NASA Astrobiology Research Fellow in residence at the U.S. Geological Survey in Menlo Park , Calif , . and the research team 's lead scientist .
" If something here on Earth can do something so unexpected , what else can life do that we haven't seen yet " ?
The newly discovered microbe , strain GFAJ-1 , is a member of a common group of bacteria , the Gammaproteobacteria .
In the laboratory , the researchers successfully grew microbes from the lake on a diet that was very lean on phosphorus , but included generous helpings of arsenic .
When researchers removed the phosphorus and replaced it with arsenic the microbes continued to grow .
Subsequent analyses indicated that the arsenic was being used to produce the building blocks of new GFAJ-1 cells .
The key issue the researchers investigated was when the microbe was grown on arsenic did the arsenic actually became incorporated into the organisms ' vital biochemical machinery , such as DNA , proteins and the cell membranes .
A variety of sophisticated laboratory techniques was used to determine where the arsenic was incorporated .
The team chose to explore Mono Lake because of its unusual chemistry ,
especially its high salinity , high alkalinity , and high levels of arsenic .
This chemistry is in part a result of Mono Lake 's isolation from its sources of fresh water for 50 years .
" The idea of alternative biochemistries for life is common in science fiction " , said Carl Pilcher , director of the NASA Astrobiology Institute at the agency's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
" Until now a life form using arsenic as a building block was only theoretical , but now we know such life exists in Mono Lake " .
The research team included scientists from the U.S. Geological Survey , Arizona State University in Tempe , Ariz , .
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore , Calif , .
Duquesne University in Pittsburgh , Penn , .
and the Stanford Synchroton Radiation Lightsource in Menlo Park , Calif .
NASA 's Astrobiology Program in Washington contributed funding for the research through its Exobiology and Evolutionary Biology program and the NASA Astrobiology Institute .
NASA 's Astrobiology Program supports research into the origin , evolution , distribution , and future of life on Earth .
A special report on China 's place in the world The fourth modernisation
China is becoming a military force to reckon with in the western Pacific .
How should America respond ?
THIRTY-FIVE years ago Deng Xiaoping accused the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of " bloating , laxity , conceit , extravagance and inertia . "
Even so , three years later , when he set about modernising China ,
he put the PLA last in the queue , behind farming , industry and science .
And when the commander of the navy in 1982 laid out his plans for China to become a world sea power ,
he did not expect his goal to be realised before 2040 .
Later military modernisation became more of a priority , thanks to two demonstrations of American fire power .
First , America 's use of precision weapons in Operation Desert Storm during the first Gulf war convinced China that it could no longer base its defence on the weight of numbers .
Second , when the PLA was hectoring Taiwan with missile tests in 1996 ,
President Bill Clinton ordered two aircraft-carrier strike groups into the region ,
one of them headed by the provocatively named USS Independence .
China had to back down .
The collapse of the Soviet Union had persuaded China 's leaders that an arms race with the world 's only superpower could squander enough money to pose a threat to the party 's grip .
To challenge America head on made no sense .
Instead China put its efforts into affordable " asymmetric " weapons .
This unorthodox strategy has made the PLA 's progress harder to measure .
Western opinion is deeply divided .
Military analysts are alarmed at what they see as a growing threat to American maritime supremacy in the western Pacific .
China security specialists tend to scoff at all the scaremongering .
Who is right ?
Three areas of the PLA 's modernisation stand out .
First , China has created what the Pentagon calls " the most active land-based ballistic - and cruise-missile programme in the world . "
The Second Artillery has about 1,100 short-range ballistic missiles facing Taiwan and has been extending their range and improving their accuracy and payload .
The Second Artillery is also improving its medium-range ballistic missiles ,
able to carry either conventional or nuclear warheads .
The PLA has deployed several hundred air - and land-launched long-range cruise missiles .
And it is developing the world 's first anti-ship ballistic missile , fitted with a manoeuvrable re-entry vehicle for added menace .
Second , China has transformed and enlarged its submarine fleet , which can now berth in the newly completed base on Hainan Island , just off China 's southern coast .
In the eight years to 2002 China bought 12 Russian Kilo class submarines ,
a big improvement on its own noisy Ming - and Romeo class boats .
Since then the PLA navy has been introducing longer-range and stealthier Chinese designs ,
including the nuclear-powered Jin class , which carries ballistic missiles , and the Shang class , a nuclear-powered attack submarine .
China has about 66 submarines against America 's 71 ,
though the American boats are superior .
By 2030 , according to the Kokoda Foundation , an Australian think-tank , China could have 85-100 submarines .
And third , China has concentrated on what it calls " informatisation , "
a tongue-twister that Jiang Zemin coined in 2002 to describe how the PLA needs to function as one force , using sensors , communications and electronic and cyber-warfare .
China now has a good idea of what is going on far into the Pacific , thanks to a combination of satellites , over-the-horizon radar , medium-range surface-wave radars , reconnaissance drones and underwater-sensor arrays .
China has also been working on anti-satellite weapons .
American satellites have been " dazzled " by lasers fired from the ground .
And in 2007 a ballistic missile launched from Xichang space centre in Sichuan blew up a broken weather satelliteno mean feat ,
though other countries were furious because it produced more than 35,000 new pieces of space debris .
Chinese hackers have been busy , too .
In March last year Canadian researchers discovered a spy network containing more than 1,300 computers , many of them in China , that had got into governments ' systems .
Taiwanese and Western targets suffered from severe Chinese cyber-attacks at least 35 times in the decade to 2009 , according to Northrop Grumman , an American defence contractor .
The Pentagon concedes that it is not sure the PLA was behind such attacks ,
but argues that " authoritative " analysts in the PLA see cyber-warfare as important .
The new arsenal What does this amount to ?
Military experts in America , Australia and Japan think China 's new arsenals are a greater threat than its higher-profile plans to launch aircraft-carriers in the next decade or so .
Alan Dupont , of the University of Sydney in Australia , says that " missiles and cyber-equivalents are becoming the weapons of choice for the conventionally outgunned " .
According to the Centre for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments ( CSBA , ) an American research institute ,
Chinese firepower threatens America 's Asian bases ,
which until now have been safe from all but nuclear attack .
The Second Artillery 's missiles could swamp the bases ' defences and destroy runways as well as large numbers of fighters and ships .
Japan is already within range of Chinese missiles ,
many of them currently pointing at Taiwan .
Guam soon will be ( see chart 1 . )
China 's submarines , missiles and anti-ship cruise missiles threaten America 's aircraft-carrier strike groups within 1,000 to 1,600 nautical miles of the Chinese coast .
According to Ross Babbage , an Australian defence analyst and founder of the Kokoda Foundation ,
if China had an anti-ship ballistic missile , coming in fast and without much warning ,
it would be even harder to defend against .
And China 's space and cyber-weapons could serve as what Chinese planners label an " assassin's mace " in a surprise attack designed to smash America 's elaborate but fragile electronic networks .
That would leave American forces half-blind and mute ,
and its bases and carriers more vulnerable still .
In sum , China 's abilities to strike have soared far beyond seeking to deter American intervention in any future mainland dispute with Taiwan .
Today China can project power out from its coastline well beyond the 12 mile ( 19 km ) limit that the Americans once approached without a second thought .
Mr Okamoto , the Japanese security expert , believes China 's strategy is to have " complete control " of what planners call the First Island Chain .
Ultimately , China seems to want to stop the American fleet from being able to secure its interests in the western Pacific .
America 's most senior officials have taken note .
Last year Robert Gates , the defence secretary , gave warning that " investments [ of countries like China ] in cyber - and anti-satellite warfare , anti-air and anti-ship weaponry and ballistic missiles could threaten America 's primary way to project power and help allies in the Pacificin particular our forward air bases and carrier strike groups " .
Mr Babbage is blunter :
" Current defence planning is invalid " , he says .
He and the analysts at CSBA argue that America needs to rethink its strategy in the Pacific .
It should strengthen its bases and be able to disrupt Chinese attacks with decoys and by spreading aircraft and ships around the region .
American forces must have better logistics and be able to fight even when their information networks are impaired .
Crucially , they must be in a position to disable China 's electronic reconnaissance , surveillance and battle-damage assessment , some of which is protected by a system of tunnels beyond easy reach of American weapons .
Pacific in name only Critics
say the cold warriors are suffering from a bad case of " enemy-deprivation syndrome . "
For a start , the impression that China 's defence spending has soared is misleading .
The PLA 's budget has broadly kept pace with GDP in the past decade , after two decades in which its share of GDP fell ( see chart 2 . )
Experts differ about the size of China 's defence budget , which is only partly disclosed .
Sam Perlo-Freeman , of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute , puts overall spending in 2009 at $ 99 billion in 2008 dollars ,
though some estimates are higher and the official total is only $ 70 billion .
The United States is planning to spend $ 663 billion .
As a share of GDP , China spends less than half the American figure and less than it did at the start of the 1990s .
" There is not much evidence of an arms race " , says Mr Perlo-Freeman .
Some doubt the quality of China 's equipment .
One retired American admiral says that much of the Russian equipment it bought was " junk . "
Despite China 's progress , it lags in guidance and control , turbine engines , machine tools , diagnostic and forensic equipment and computer-aided design and manufacturing .
" China has come a long way fast " , says Professor Dupont , " but military modernisation gets harder from here " .
Some have doubts about China 's manpower , too .
The PLA is much more professional now than when it was a peasant army ,
but it lacks experience .
Nigel Inkster , of the International Institute for Strategic Studies ( IISS , ) recalls one of the founders of the Chinese navy once telling him :
" It 's not that I didn't know much about sailing , but I hadn't ever seen the sea " .
Complex subjects like submarine warfare take years to master .
" If you fight , there are holes " , says the IISS 's Christian Le Mire .
" And until you do , you don't know where they are " .
The retired admiral thinks Chinese forces suffer from a lack of trust ,
which could slow them up in battle .
" We give our people responsibility and initiative " , he says . " That 's anathema to them " .
Robert Ross , a professor at Harvard , argues that the pessimists overestimate China's threat and underestimate America's powers .
The United States is better able to track the other side 's submarines ;
it is superior in cyber-warfare and less vulnerable than China in space  if only because it has built-in redundancy .
China would struggle to penetrate the countermeasures and electronic camouflage that protect American ships .
Carlyle Thayer , of the Australian Defence Force Academy , notes that it has already deployed 31 of its 53 fast-attack submarines and three Ohio class nuclear submarines to the Pacific .
For all the uncertainties in this debate , three things are beyond dispute .
First , China has already forced American ships to think about how and when they approach the Chinese coast .
The closer American vessels come , the more missiles and submarines they face and the less time they would have to react to a strike .
Anyone sailing a carrier worth $ 15 billion-20 billion with a crew of 6,000 would think twice about taking on that extra risk .
To deny America possession of seas it has dominated for decades ,
China does not need to control its own coastal waters ;
it just has to be able to threaten American ships there .
Hugh White , a former Australian security and defence official , foresees the western Pacific becoming a " naval no-go zone . "
Second , China 's ability to project power is improving .
Its submarines , fighter aircraft , missiles , and cyber - and electronic warfare , once poor , now pose a threat .
China 's weapons will continue to improve ,
and its forces will gather experience .
Provided that the economy does not fall over , budgets will grow , too ,
absolutely and possibly as a share of GDP .
Other things being equal , China can project power into its backyard more easily than America can project power across the Pacific Ocean .
At risk is what Mr Gates has called " the operational sanctuary our navy has enjoyed in the western Pacific for the better part of six decades . "
Third , although the United States is able to respond to China ,
it will have to overcome some obstacles first .
America 's military spending in Asia is overshadowed by the need to cut overall government spending and by other military priorities , such as Afghanistan .
Jonathan Pollack , of the Brookings Institution , points out that some ideas ,
such as replacing aircraft-carriers with more submarines , would inevitably run into opposition from the navy and from politicians whose constituencies would suffer .
" For many officers the navy 's core institutional identity is indelibly tied to carriers and the power-projection mission they perform " , he says .
" Reducing their numbers is going to be a very painful process " .
Above all , big shifts in military planning take decades :
America needs to think now about China in 2025 .
All this points to an important principle .
Military planning is framed differently from diplomacy .
Diplomats are interested in what they think states intend to do ,
but military planners have to work with what they think states can do .
Intentions change and states can mislead .
If you are charged with defending your country ,
you need to be able to meet even improbable threats .
That logic works in China , too .
America has not been shy of going to war in recent years .
Not long ago a retired Chinese admiral likened the American navy to a man with a criminal record " wandering just outside the gate of a family home . "
American strength in the 1990s made China feel insecure ,
so it transformed the PLA to shore up its policy on Taiwan and protect its economically vital coastline .
Yet by adding to its own security , China has taken away from that of its neighbours and of the United States .
Perhaps China does not mean ever to use its weapons aggressively .
But American defence planners cannot rely on that , so they must respond .
In this way two states that never intend harm can begin to perceive each other as growing threats .
If you do not arm , you leave yourself open to attack .
If you do , you threaten the other country .
A British historian , Herbert Butterfield , called this the " absolute predicament and irreducible dilemma . "
It is one reason why relations between China and America will probably sour .
Bring on the cultural revolution To stop the genteel decline , Japan needs radical measures Nov 18th 2010 | from PRINT EDITION
Tomorrow 's world ?
IN THE Hokkaido town of Yubari , the general hospital was one of the earliest casualties of the municipality 's bankruptcy .
The building was so big that the heating bill alone ate up a lot of the budget ,
and the growing number of elderly patients put it under increasing strain .
So in 2006 Tomohiko Murakami , a pioneering Hokkaido doctor ,
decided to turn it into a blueprint for health-care reform .
His blunt message was that the money had run out , so attitudes had to change .
He closed down two-thirds of the hospital ,
cut the number of ambulances in half and told his elderly patients they should walk to hospital because it was good for them .
They grumbled , but it caused no obvious deterioration in their health , he says .
They had to use their own initiative rather than relying on the government to look after them .
It was the same when half-empty schools merged .
What he calls the " Yubari model " may hold a lesson for the country .
" It may take bankruptcy to change attitudes in Japan ,
but that would be a good thing " , he says .
Similar change is creeping into other pockets of Japan too .
Doctors praise the preventive health care in mountainous Nagano prefecture , which has the highest life expectancy and the lowest health-care costs in Japan .
In one Nagano village , Shimojo ,
where almost a third of the citizens are pensioners ,
some of the elderly have started providing child care so that young women can work .
The birth rate is rising .
Talk of radical change is becoming increasingly common among Japan 's businessmen and academics .
People seem to be almost yearning for a proper crisis to shock the country out of its state of lethargy ,
ingrained after 20 years of economic stagnation and almost 15 years of decline in the working-age population .
But as yet there are not enough Dr Murakamis to help along the painful but necessary process of reform .
The sooner the better
In dealing with its demographic troubles ,
Japan will need a cultural revolution to improve productivity , boost its labour force with more women , older people and immigrants , promote a more vibrant domestic economy and make the most of booming markets overseas .
And even if it manages to do all these things ,
it may still have to go through a period of managed economic decline when its famously comfortable living standards start to fall ,
as has been happening in places like Yubari .
Boosting productivity will require big changes in its business practices .
They may have served the country well when its population was young and growing ,
but now it needs to dismantle its rigid corporate hierarchies to allow new people and ideas to emerge .
It needs to bust the taboo on hiring , or working with , foreigners ,
and it needs to continue streamlining its hydra-headed industrial giants .
As Heang Chhor , head of McKinsey in Japan , puts it ,
business has little choice but to focus on generating more profit with fewer resources .
" This is a country where the mindset is all about input .
In Japan what is expected of you is always to try harder , to put in more hours .
They don't value output " .
The workforce will have to become more diverse , too ,
to ensure both that talent is recruited wherever it can be found ,
and that the products being made are attractive to foreign markets .
That means hiring people who know something about the world ,
not just those who have spent years in crammer schools to get into Japan 's best universities and biggest firms .
The government , meanwhile , needs to offer incentives for its citizens to consume more as they get older .
The housing stock , for instance , could be adjusted to suit frailer tastes .
Medical tourism could help turn Japan into a haven for rich Asians if only more doctors spoke English and health-ministry bureaucrats relaxed their stringent regulations .
And reforms in financial services and social security might persuade the elderly to release some of the 1,500 trillion of household savings ,
helping to rebalance not just Japan 's economy but the world 's .
There are structural obstacles that make these things harder to do .
Throughout its modern history Japan has relied on its bureaucrats ,
in their bunker-like compound Kasumigaseki , the " fortress of fog , " to guide it .
Yet Japan 's population issues span so many ministries that they cannot be tackled with fortress thinking .
Politicians need to take the lead and rally society behind them .
That is why the victory of the Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) in last year 's election should be a reason for hope .
The party vowed to diminish the power of the bureaucrats .
It also aimed to lessen some of the inequalities that had emerged during the two " lost " decades under the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP . )
Yet it has barely begun to face up to the demographic challenge ,
even though that is likely to exacerbate those inequalities among the young as well as the old .
When it was in opposition , it shot down the LDP 's sensible plan to make the elderly pay a bit more for medical services to reflect their greater use of them .
When it discusses ageing , the DPJ mostly points to the opportunities of creating products and services for the elderly ,
but rarely considers the threat to Japan 's already shrinking villages and towns .
It seems to have given little thought to merging those villages , towns or even some of the 47 prefectures to rationalise public services .
If in doubt , do nothing The political establishment has no grand plan for what to do with unused schools ,
or how to make the health-care system more effective by encouraging prevention rather than cure .
And strengthening the public finances to deal with an ageing population remains politically fraught .
Ideas such as raising the consumption tax at 5% the lowest in the rich world  meet with strong opposition .
There is a daunting list of things to be done , and Japan , like its elderly citizens , tends not to be keen on change .
Its default mode is to stick with things as they are until they become intolerable .
For example , as in Yubari , overstretched social services might have to get close to collapse before action is taken .
The conservative camp , which includes many elderly people , argues that the country should simply learn to live with less .
Economic growth does not matter , it contends , if the population is shrinking , as long as GDP per person is sufficient for a comfortable life .
Some hark back to the 150 years after 1700 ,
the last time when Japan 's population and economic growth stagnated .
Many cherry trees were planted to keep people on low incomes happy , and popular theatre flourished .
At that time Japan was in voluntary isolation from the outside world .
But the regime became suffocating and unsustainable ,
and ended with the Meiji Restoration of 1868 .
A similar hairshirt approach to population decline today would rob the young generation of economic opportunities ,
and would be a huge waste of Japan 's potential economic benefit to the world at large .
Given Japan 's already high public debt , it would also be hard to sustain ;
public services might still end up in tatters .
Many Japanese feel that the country will gather the courage to tackle the demographic threat only when living standards and social services fall in the cities , where most young and middle-aged voters live .
For the moment , such places still feel too busy and comfortable to be ready for profound change .
But as Japan 's city-dwelling politicians look at their greying hair in the mirror ,
tomorrow 's crisis may be staring them in the face .
Is it a bird , is it a plane ? Or is it a Prophet ?
An Interview My name is Chester Farley .
I will always remember the moment when I got to interview the famous prophet Nahum ! It was quite interesting .
I do n't see how a ordinary person like me could speak to Nahum , a prophet of the God , the most high !
CF :
Why did the Lord called for you ?
N :
I heard the Lord speaking to me to tell the people of Judah that Nineveh was corrupt CF :
What did the Lord tell you ?
N :
He said that the attacker advances against Nineveh !
You have to guard your fortresses , scout the road and prepare all your strength !
The Lord will restore the goodness of Judah like the splendour of Israel .
Though enemies have left them barren and have ruined all the vegetation ,
The shields of the defenders are red and the warriors are all scarlet .
The metal of the chariots shines on the day the are ready for battle ;
Their spears are sharpened .
The chariots charge around the streets rushing to and fro through the main squares .
The look like a blazing fire , and they dart around like lightning .
Nineveh summons all the picked defenders .
They dash to the city wall .
Their defending shield is put up .
The river gates are flying open .
The palace falls down and cracks .
It is promised that the city be captured and thrown into a exile land .
Nineveh is like a puddle , and the water inside it is becoming less and less .
" " Halt !
" they call but they ignore them . "
Take the gold Take the Silver !
" Nineveh is torn , split and plundered !
The defenders lose heart , they can't feel their knees anymore !
Their bodies are very nervous , every single face turns pale ! "
I am against Nineveh , I will destroy and burn up Nineveh's chariots in a smoky fire , and the sword will kill your children .
" AF :
How Nineveh was captured ?
N :
God told him that Nineveh was going to fall from a army crossing the river and God was right , he is always right .
Nineveh did fall when troops crossed a river and broke through the gates .
There will be a countless number of Assyrian casualties , dead bodies without count .
People are stumbling over dead people all over the city .
After the prophecy he told me that everything that happened .
Even the things that seemed impossible happened .
I think that it is truly amazing how everything works .
I wonder if I will ever see Nahum again .
Or maybe I should interview another prophet like Habakkuk !
Nahum 1-3
My Pet  My Best Friend Forever
Many people have found there best friends that belong to other species , we call them our pets .
A pet if loyal , cuddling , cute and loving
No wonder some find in their pets their best friends forever .
For many of us pet lovers , losing a pet can be as heartbreaking as losing a person whom we have shared a close relationship .
This awesome photo gallery depicts the kind of cute loving relationships that exists among people and animals .
Ubuntu Desktop vs Server
When it comes to Linux installations , Ubuntu is one of the most popular .
To suite the needs of everyone , there are several versions , or flavors , of Ubuntu ;
two of which are the desktop and server versions .
They are basically the same as long as you have the same release numbers and the main difference between them is only their intended use .
The desktop version is intended for those who want a personal computer for word processing , browsing the internet , multimedia playback , and playing games .
It is basically a multipurpose OS for the general public .
On the other hand , the server version is meant to function as a web server to host files , web pages , and the like .
An essential component in a personal computer is the GUI ( Graphical User Interface . )
Ubuntu's desktop version comes default with the Gnome GUI but you can switch to KDE or X if you want to .
With the server version , there is no GUI installed .
A server is not meant to be interacted with locally , aside from the usual maintenance , and a GUI would not only be unnecessary but it can also take up resources that should otherwise be available to the server .
The same is also true when it comes to other software like office , media players , browsers , and many others .
None of these software can be found on the server version .
As it is for servers , the server version comes with everything you need to start hosting a site .
LAMP , which is an acronym for Linux , Apache , MySQL , and PHP , lists the software that is relevant to a web server .
You would not find these on the desktop version unless you install them yourself .
Keep in mind that these differences are not fixed and you can customize the desktop version to the server version , and vice versa , by installing and installing software packages .
Most people who want to setup a server but still want the convenience of a GUI can start of with either version and just install a GUI or install LAMP .
Summary :
1 .
The desktop version is configured to work as a personal computer while the server version is intended to work as a web server
2 . The desktop version comes pre-installed with a GUI while the server version does not
3 . The desktop version already has lots of software installed which you cannot find in the server edition
4 . The desktop version lacks Apache , MySQL , and PHP , which comes standard in the server version
Chances are that at some point in your lifetime you will have owned a pair of Nike's .
With a brand that is known by the masses , you can't go a day without seeing that familiar little " swoosh . "
While Nike has had its controversy's in the past , you can't help but appreciate some of the artwork that has been influenced by their brand .
In this post I will share with you 25 inspirational designs related to Nike .
Accept and Proceed Falling Love Game Nike  2010 Nike  Air Lab Nike + NIKE Canarinho NIKE Dunk High Nike Elemental Nike EMEA Internship Nike ID Nike Joga Bonito Commerical Nike Store Nike Swoosh Nike Virtual Project NikeID  Advert Produit en Italie YSTO / Nike Air Force One For more articles by Matthew Heidenreich , visit DeviseFunction.com
CHAPTER I -- . INFLUENCE OF CHARACTER .
" Unless above himself he can Erect himself , how poor a thing is man -- "
DANIEL .
" Character is moral order seen through the medium , of an individual nature ..
Men of character are the conscience of the society to which they belong -- " .
EMERSON .
" The prosperity of a country depends , not on the abundance of its revenues , nor on the strength of its fortifications , nor on the beauty of its public buildings ;
but it consists in the number of its cultivated citizens , in its men of education , enlightenment , and character ;
here are to be found its true interest , its chief strength , its real power -- " .
MARTIN LUTHER .
Character is one of the greatest motive powers in the world .
In its noblest embodiments , it exemplifies human nature in its highest forms ,
for it exhibits man at his best .
Men of genuine excellence , in every station of life--men of industry, of integrity , of high principle , of sterling honesty of purpose--command the spontaneous homage of mankind .
It is natural to believe in such men, to have confidence in them , and to imitate them .
All that is good in the world is upheld by them , and without their presence in it the world would not be worth living in .
Although genius always commands admiration , character most secures respect .
The former is more the product of brain-power , the latter of heart-power ;
and in the long run it is the heart that rules in life .
Men of genius stand to society in the relation of its intellect , as men of character of its conscience ;
and while the former are admired , the latter are followed .
Great men are always exceptional men ;
and greatness itself is but comparative .
Indeed , the range of most men in life is so limited , that very few have the opportunity of being great .
But each man can act his part honestly and honourably , and to the best of his ability .
He can use his gifts , and not abuse them . He can strive to make the best of life .
He can be true , just , honest , and faithful , even in small things .
In aword , he can do his Duty in that sphere in which Providence has placed him .
Commonplace though it may appear , this doing of one's Duty embodies the highest ideal of life and character .
There may be nothing heroic about it ;
but the common lot of men is not heroic .
And though the abiding sense of Duty upholds man in his highest attitudes , it also equally sustains him in the transaction of the ordinary affairs of everyday existence .
Man's life is " centred in the sphere of common duties " .
The most influential of all the virtues are those which are the most in request for daily use .
They wear the best , and last the longest .
Superfine virtues , which are above the standard of common men , may only be sources of temptation and danger .
Burke has truly said that " the human system which rests for its basis on the heroic virtues is sure to have a superstructure of weakness or of profligacy " .
When Dr . Abbot , afterwards Archbishop of Canterbury , drew the characterof his deceased friend Thomas Sackville , [ 101 ] he did not dwell upon his merits as a statesman , or his genius as a poet , but upon his virtues as a man in relation to the ordinary duties of life .
" How many rare things were in him " !
said he .
" Who more loving unto his wife ?
Who more kind unto his children -- ?
Who more fast unto his friend -- ?
Who more moderate unto his enemy -- ?
Who more true to his word " ?
Indeed , we can always better understand and appreciate a man's real character by the manner in which he conducts himself towards those who are the most nearly related to him , and by his transaction of the seemingly commonplace details of daily duty , than by his public exhibition of himself as an author , an orator , or a statesman .
At the same time , while Duty , for the most part , applies to the conduct of affairs in common life by the average of common men , it is also a sustaining power to men of the very highest standard of character .
They may not have either money , or property , or learning , or power ;
and yet they may be strong in heart and rich in spirit--honest , truthful, dutiful .
And whoever strives to do his duty faithfully is fulfilling the purpose for which he was created , and building up in himself the principles of a manly character .
There are many persons of whom it may be said that they have no other possession in the world but their character , and yet they stand as firmly upon it as any crowned king .
Intellectual culture has no necessary relation to purity or excellence of character .
In the New Testament , appeals are constantly made to the heart of man and to " the spirit we are of " , whilst allusions to the intellect are of very rare occurrence .
" A handful of good life " , says George Herbert , " is worth a bushel of learning " .
Not that learning is to be despised , but that it must be allied to goodness .
Intellectual capacity is sometimes found associated with the meanest moral character with abject servility to those in high places , and arrogance to those of low estate .
A man may be accomplished in art , literature , and science, and yet , in honesty , virtue , truthfulness , and the spirit of duty , been titled to take rank after many a poor and illiterate peasant .
" You insist " , wrote Perthes to a friend , " on respect for learned men .
I say , Amen !
But , at the same time , don't forget that largeness of mind, depth of thought , appreciation of the lofty , experience of the world, delicacy of manner , tact and energy in action , love of truth , honesty, and amiability-- that all these may be wanting in a man who may yet be very learned " .
U . S . President Barack Obama and India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh participate in a joint news conference at Hyderabad House in New Delhi , India , November 8 , 2010 .
Jason Reed / Reuters U.S. President Barack Obama and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh have met seven times since March 2009 , and they seem to be getting comfortable .
On Sunday in Mumbai , Obama tried his hand at Indian folk dancing during a Diwali celebration at a local school .
The usually sober , scripted Singh , meanwhile , jauntily fielded questions at a joint news conference on Monday .
" We're not afraid of the K word " , he said in response to a question about Kashmir .
And he bluntly defended his country's much-maligned outsourcing industry :
" India is not in the business of stealing jobs from the United States of America " .
A few hours after Singh's Yankee plainspokenness , Obama delivered a speech to India's Parliament with a subtlety and political skill worthy of the nation's great statesmen .
Obama flattered India's pride in its past , recalling Swami Vivekananda's visit to Chicago in 1893 ;
he showed Gandhian humility , saying ,
" I might not be standing here before you today " had it not been for Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi's influence on the U.S. civil rights movement ;
and he candidly addressed the differences between the U.S. and India , pointing out India's failure to live up to its ideals and speak out for human rights .
Obama then exceeded the Indian government's expectations for the trip and delivered the two most important items on India's wish list :
he endorsed India's bid for a permanent seat on the U.N. Security Council and used strong language toward Pakistan , saying he would
" insist to Pakistan's leaders that terrorist safe havens within their borders are unacceptable " .
Here's what the U.S. can look for in return :
A new dialogue on human rights Obama , in one of the most surprising parts of his address , spoke forcefully about India's support for Burma's military dictatorship , wading into a potentially tricky subject .
India has in the past often chafed at any discussion of human rights in the U.N. or in bilateral discussions as an infringement of its national sovereignty .
But Obama put his comments in the context of India's own democratic tradition , saying that as the Burmese government suppresses free elections , " the democracies of the world cannot remain silent " .
That rhetoric " wasn't the kind of lecturing that Indian diplomats hate listening to " ,
says Meenakshi Ganguly , South Asia director for Human Rights Watch , so she expects it to be more effective .
" This is something that the Indian government really needed to hear " .
Breathing room on Pakistan On the morning of Obama's last day in India , the New York Times reported that David Headley , who is accused of playing a key role in planning the November 2008 terrorism attacks in Mumbai , was working for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency in Pakistan while also attending jihadi training camps .
But New Delhi downplayed what could have been an embarrassing confirmation of the common criticism among foreign policy experts in India that the U.S. has not done enough to pressure Pakistan to crack down on terrorism  always fodder for the conspiracy theorists who believe that Headley was a U.S. double agent .
In an interview with TIME on Monday , a senior Indian government official praised the " excellent intelligence sharing " by the U.S. since the Mumbai attacks and dismissed the reports about Headley as " all in the realm of speculation " .
This may be a sign that Obama's tough language on Pakistan has won him a bit of breathing room to continue the Administration's stated policy  to privately pressure Pakistan while publicly affirming the nation as an ally  without the complication of second-guessing by India .
A more level playing field Consistent with the Obama Administration's message for this trip , the 200-strong business delegation from the U.S. has been trumpeting the huge opportunities for exports to India's billion-strong consumer market .
" The size and growth rate of India's population alone make India a terrific investment opportunity " ,
PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi told reporters .
But privately , they have also been clamoring for India to lift the remaining restrictions on investment , particularly in financial services and retail .
Obama's political success in New Delhi may help .
" Diplomatically , everything that we thought he would not do , he did " ,
says Suhel Seth , a marketing expert and longtime adviser to Indian Big Business .
That puts Obama in a better position to push for more open markets and perhaps make good on his promise of delivering jobs by raising exports , Seth says .
Having won over a tough audience in India , however , he'll face an even tougher one back home .
Looking Older Than Your Age May Not Be a Sign of Poor Health
Science Daily(Nov . 7 , 2010 )  Even though most adults want to avoid looking older than their actual age , research led by St . Michael's Hospital shows that looking older does not necessarily point to poor health .
The study found that a person needed to look at least 10 years older than their actual age before assumptions about their health could be made .
says Dr . Stephen Hwang , a research scientist at St . Michael's Hospital and an associate professor at the University of Toronto .
" Few people are aware that when physicians describe their patients to other physicians, they often include an assessment of whether the patient looks older than his or her actual age " ,
" This long standing medical practice assumes that people who look older than their actual age are likely to be in poor health , but our study shows this isn't always true " .
For patients , it means looking a few years older than their age does not always indicate poor health status .
The study found that when a physician rated an individual as looking up to five years older than their actual age , it had little value in predicting whether or not the person was in poor health .
However , when a physician thought that a person looked 10 or more years older than their actual age , 99 per cent of these individuals had very poor physical or mental health .
explains Dr . Hwang .
" Physicians have simply assumed that their quick assessment of how old a person looks has diagnostic value " ,
" We were really surprised to find that people have to look a decade older than their actual age before it's a reliable sign that they're in poor health .
It was also very interesting to discover that many people who look their age are in poor health .
Doctors need to remember that even if patients look their age , we shouldn't assume that their health is fine " .
The researchers studied 126 people between the ages of 30 to 70 who were visiting a doctor's office .
Participants completed a survey that accurately determined whether they had poor physical or mental health .
Each person was photographed, and the photographs were shown to 58 physicians
who were told each person's actual age and asked to rate how old the person looked .
The study , published in the Journal of General Internal Medicine ,
provides new insights and questions into the value and limitations of
a long standing medical practice of judging a person's health by how old they appear .
New research shows that even though most adults want to avoid looking older than their actual age , looking older does not necessarily point to poor health .
Beautiful Love story
The girl in the picture is Katie Kirkpatrick , she is 21 .
Next to her , her fiance , Nick , 23 .
The picture was taken shortly before their wedding ceremony , held on January 11 , 2005 in the US .
Katie has terminal cancer and spend hours a day receiving medication .
In the picture , Nick is waiting for her on one of the many sessions of chemo to end .
In spite of all the pain , organ failures , and morphine shots , Katie is going along with her wedding and took care of every detail .
The dress had to be adjusted a few times due to her constant weight loss
An unusual accessory at the party was the oxygen tube that Katie used throughout the ceremony and reception as well .
The other couple in the picture are Nick's parents .
Excited to see her son marrying his high school sweetheart .
Katie , in her wheelchair with the oxygen tube , listening a song from her husband and friends .
At the reception , Katie had to take a few rests .
The pain does not allow her to be standing up for long periods .
Katie died five days after her wedding day .
Watching a women so ill and weak getting married and with a smile on her face makes us think .. ?
Happiness is reachable , no matter how long it last .
We should stop making our lives complicated .
Life is short Break the rules forgive quickly kiss passionately , love truly laugh constantly And never stop smiling no matter how strange life is Life is not always the party we expected to be but as long as we are here , we should smile and be grateful .
MOUNT MERAPI , Indonesia ( AP ) -- Searing gas avalanched down an Indonesian volcano with a thunderous roar , torching houses and trees and incinerating villagers as they fled Mount Merapi's worst eruption in a century .
Scores of bodies found Friday raised the death toll to 122 .
The injured - with clothes , blankets and even mattresses fused to their skin by the 1,400 degree Fahrenheit ( 750 degree Celsius ) heat - were carried away on stretchers following the first big explosion just before midnight .
Friday's explosion - said by volcanologists to be the biggest since the 1870s - hit hardest in Bronggang , a village nine miles ( 15 kilometers ) from the crater .
Soldiers joined the rescue operations , pulling at least 78 bodies from homes and streets blanketed by ash up to one foot ( 30 centimeters ) deep .
A view from a domestic flight from Denpasar to Yogyakarta that was subsequently diverted to Surabaya airport shows a plume of gas and ash billowing some 10 km ( six miles ) high from the Mount Merapi volcano during an eruption on November 4 , 2010 .
Villagers weep at a temporary shelter for those who are affected by the eruption of Mount Merapi in Bawukan , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Blistering gas from Indonesia's most volatile volcano spewed farther than expected Friday , incinerating houses at the edge of the danger zone , triggering chaotic evacuations and pushing the death toll above 100 .
A girl weeps at a temporary shelter for those who are affected by the eruption of Mount Merapi in Bawukan , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
People use newspapers to protect themselves from ash fall from Mount Merapi eruption in Yogyakarta , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Villagers sit inside an ash-covered car as they evacuate their homes on the slope of Mount Merapi , in Klaten , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Villagers carry a women as they flee their homes following another eruption of Mount Merapi in Klaten , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Villagers flee their homes on a motorcycle following another eruption Mount Merapi in Klaten , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Villagers flee their homes following another eruption Mount Merapi in Klaten , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Indonesian soldiers and rescuers run after an eruption of Mount Merapi in Argomulyo , Yogyakarta , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Rescuers search for the victims of Mount Merapi eruption in Argomulyo , Yogyakarta , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Ash-covered villagers flee from their homes following another eruption of Mount Merapi , in Klaten , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
The hand of a victim of the eruption of Mount Merapi is seen through body bags at a hospital morgue in Yogyakarta , Indonesia , Friday , Nov . 5 , 2010 .
Refugees stand in their tent waiting out the rain at a temporary evacuation center set up as a result of the repeated eruptions of Mount Merapi , in Keputran village , Klaten , Central Java on November 4 , 2010 near Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
A child refugee looks out from a tent during rain at a temporary evacuation center set up as a result of the repeated eruptions of Mount Merapi , in Keputran village , Klaten , Central Java on November 4 , 2010 near Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Refugees rest in a tent at a temporary evacuation center set up as a result of the repeated eruptions of Mount Merapi , in Keputran village , Klaten , Central Java on November 4 , 2010 near Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
Children gather at a temporary evacuation center set up as a result of the repeated eruptions of Mount Merapi , in Keputran village , Klaten , Central Java on November 4 , 2010 near Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
A farmer stands in a rice field as volcanic material from Mount Merapi erupts , in Klaten , Central Java on November 4 , 2010 near Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
An Indonesian soldier evacuates villagers during an eruption from Mount Merapi , in Klaten , Central Java on November 4 , 2010 near Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
A man walks on a street covered with volcanic ash from the eruption of Mount Merapi in Muntilan , Indonesia , Thursday , Nov . 4 , 2010 .
A cloud of ash rises from the Mount Merapi volcano behind Butuh market in the Klaten district of Central Java on November 4 , 2010 .
Indonesians wear masks as they ride on bikes on a street covered with volcanic ash from the eruption of Mount Merapi in Sidorejo , Indonesia , Thursday , Nov . 4 , 2010 .
Villagers ride on a truck as they leave their homes on a street covered by volcanic ash from the eruption of Mount Merapi in Muntilan , Indonesia , Thursday , Nov . 4 , 2010 .
A villager watches as volcanic material from the eruption of Mount Merapi burst into the air in Wukirsari , Indonesia , Thursday , Nov . 4 , 2010 .
An Indonesian man watches as Mount Merapi erupts in Kepuharjo , Yogyakarta , Indonesia , Wednesday , Nov . 3 , 2010 .
Villagers , wearing rain coats covered with volcanic ash , flee their homes on a motorcycle following the eruption of Mount Merapi in Klaten , Central Java , Indonesia , Wednesday , Nov . 3 , 2010 .
Villagers with their faces covered with volcanic ash , flee their homes on motorcycles following the eruption of Mount Merapi in Klaten , Central Java , Indonesia , Wednesday , Nov . 3 , 2010 .
Residents flee on motorcycles under volcanic ash fall during evacuation from a village in Klaten district on November 3 , 2010 , after Mount Merapi erupted .
Residents flee on motorcycles during evacuation from a village in Klaten district on November 3 , 2010 , after Mount Merapi erupted .
People watch Mount Merapi spewing volcanic materials in Deles , Central Java , Indonesia , early Wednesday , Nov . 3 , 2010 .
Molten lava flows from the crater of Mount Merapi captured in this time-exposure photograph taken from Klaten district in Central Java province late on November 2 , 2010 .
Mount Merapi releases volcanic ashes as it erupts as seen from Deles , Central Java , Indonesia , Tuesday , Nov . 2 , 2010 .
A pet bird , killed during the eruption of Mount Merapi , remains in its cage in the abandoned village of Kaliadem , Yogyakarta , Indonesia on Nov . 2 , 2010 .
A pair of slippers lies covered in volcanic ash from the eruption of Mount Merapi in the abandoned village of Kaliadem , Yogyakarta , Indonesia on Nov . 2 , 2010 .
Can a Human-Powered Bike Go 100 mph ?
Graeme Obree I love this stuff .
Discovery News has details on a bike that could break 100 mph .
The current human-powered bike speed record is at 82 mph and held by Sam Whittingham .
This record will be challenged by Graeme Obree , who has broken speed records before .
But enough about the news , how about some physics ?
Let me assume that for this bike the primary problem is the air resistance .
At a constant speed , the bike would have the following forces on it .
Let me go over these forces .
First , the gravitational force .
Not too much to say about this except that it is pulling down .
The ground also pushes up on the bike  I call this the normal force and it is represented by the F N .
These two forces are in the vertical direction and since the acceleration in the vertical direction is zero , they have the same magnitude .
In the horizontal direction , there is the air resistance .
In one model , this force is proportional to the square of the bike's speed .
It can be written as having the following magnitude .
The other parameters are the density of air (  , ) the cross sectional area of the bike ( A ) , and the drag coefficient ( C ) .
Since the bike is traveling at a constant velocity , the net force in the horizontal direction must also be zero .
What force is pushing in the opposite direction to the air resistance ?
Technically , it would be the frictional force from the ground on the tires .
Just imagine trying to bike against a strong headwind on icy ground .
It wouldn't work because the tires would just slip .
If I assume that there is enough frictional force to keep the bike at this speed , then the limiting factor will be the human .
This isn't a terrible assumption since motorcycles can go 100 mph ( of course they have a larger mass , which does matter in this case . )
Instead of looking at the force of friction , instead let me examine the " force from the cyclist " .
This force doesn't show up in the diagram above since it is a diagram showing the forces on the bike with the cyclist as part of the bike .
But you can't get a free ride .
The cyclist still has to do something .
So , at a constant speed the force from the cyclist will have the same magnitude as the air resistance force .
But force isn't what I want either .
Let me consider a short distance that the bike moves at this constant speed .
I will call this distance s .
Over this distance , I can pretend like the cyclist is pushing the bike with a force . ( I will call this force F c . )
This force will do work on the bike-system of an amount :
Recall that the work done on ( in the case of the force pushing in the same direction as the displacement ) would just be the force times the displacement .
But I don't really want work either .
I want power .
Power is defined as :
Now to remove time from this expression .
How long will it take to move over this distance of s ?
If the bike is moving at a constant speed , then :
If I use this expression for the change in time with the expression for power , I get :
Now I have an expression for power that doesn't depend on time , just on the velocity .
Next , I can put the magnitude of the air resistance in for the force of the cyclist .
Maybe now you can see the problem .
Suppose I am putting all my effort into pedaling a normal bike and I can get to a speed of 15 m/s .
What if I want to go twice as fast ?
I can't increase the power , because I already said I am giving it all I have .
The only option is to decrease this other stuff .
Of course , decreasing the density of the air isn't really an option .
( Well , I could go to a higher altitude ) .
That just leaves me with the cross-sectional area and the drag coefficient .
How much do I have to decrease the AC product ?
Let me write the power for maximum velocity ( normal bike ) as :
Now , if I double the speed , what would the new product of AC need to be ( with the same power ? )
This says the product of AC would have to be reduced by a factor of 8 just to go twice the speed .
Here you can see some logic behind Obree's crazy-looking bike design .
His design does two things .
First , by putting the rider in a prone position the cross-sectional area is decreased .
Second , by covering the bike in a plastic shell the aerodynamic shape is changed reducing the drag coefficient .
Suppose I assume a maximum power output of around 1,000 Watts .
Update :
Where does 1,000 Watts come from ?
This is just a ballpark estimate that I have used before for the power output of a human .
The Wikipedia entry on human power claims that elite cyclists can get up to 2,000 watts , but just for a short period .
What would the maximum speed for this power be as a function of the product of cross section and drag coefficient ?
In order to make a plot of the max speed , I need an AC value to start with .
Suppose the bike had the person completely upright with arms spread out .
This would be a terrible position in terms of both area and the drag coefficient .
However , I could get an estimate for it .
Why ?
Because it is similar to the position of a sky diver .
If a 70 kg skydiver is falling at a terminal speed of 120 mph ( 54 m/s ) then at this speed the air resistance force is equal in magnitude to the gravitational force .
Like this :
With an air density of 1.2 kg/m 3 , the skydiver would have an AC value of 0.392 m 2 .
This suggests that to get to a speed of 100 mph , you would need an AC value around 0.02 m 2 .
Let me estimate a reasonable value for C .
Wikipedia list some values for drag coefficients .
It puts a " streamlined body " at 0.04 and a " streamlined half-body " at a value of 0.09.
I guess a bike would probably be closer to the 0.09 value ;
let me start with an estimated C of 0.07.
If I use this value for C , the cross-sectional area of the rider would have to be around 0.285 m 2 .
If I pretend like the rider is a cylinder , the shape of this area would be a circle with a radius of 30 cm .
That seems reasonable .
Paris Hilton is dealing with the cops again , and this time it doesn't have to do with cocaine in ( allegedly ) her purse .
On Tuesday , police arrested an intruder on the property of her Los Angeles mansion , her second security scare of the year ,
after a man allegedly wielding two knives on her porch in August was charged with burglary .
" So scary " , Paris tweeted at the time .
But until Hilton goes into seclusion in an isolated location , " my advice to her would be beef up your security " , says former police officer Carson Thompson , founder of Protection for the Stars , whose clients include LeBron James , R . Kelly , and Sacha Baron Cohen .
Thompson talked to NEWSWEEK about celebrity security and what it's like protecting Brno .
How often do celebrities need security ?
Constantly .
A lot of the clients get comfortable :
" I am good tonight ; you can go home " .
That is when things happen .
I constantly check your doors , make rounds on the property , walk down the street , take pictures of the cars , see what cars are usually on the street .
So you are like the secret service .
How do you protect a client ?
Simple things .
If LeBron wants to go to a restaurant , I find out where the bathroom is ahead of time .
I also locate how many exits there are in case we get bombarded .
Why do you check the bathroom ?
Some bathrooms have nooks and crannies . We make sure it does not have any cupboards where a body can hide .
You don't know how crazy people are . You have to go inside their crazy minds .
Give me a story .
I was with a client  I can't say who , but he was a recording artist .
We had the whole floor of a hotel .
Some person got up through the elevator and came to the room wearing a maid 's uniform .
But we noticed she was also wearing heels .
Most cleaning ladies wear something more comfortable on their feet .
One of the guys stopped her and said , " Hey , is this a new getup " ?
Once we started questioning her , things did not add up .
What did she want ?
We don't know exactly .
" I want an autograph . I want a picture . I am your biggest fan " .
We move that person away from endangering our client .
Paris Hilton had an alleged prowler at her house this week .
What is the difference between a prowler and a stalker ?
A prowler is someone that they have never seen before , looking around .
A stalker knows your birthday , where you are going to be , your shoe size , what you wore yesterday and the day before .
Are stalkers more dangerous ?
Most of them are not dangerous .
Our research says they are not there to kill .
They are just so infatuated with you  your life , your hair , your beauty .
It is an obsession . An attraction .
A sexual type of thing .
That is what a stalker feeds on .
Do you have any clients who use Twitter ?
One of our football players , Martellus Bennett .
I always tease him about Twitter .
What do you tell him ?
I tell them if they want to tweet , [ they should ] " tweet behind " .
Which means when you say , " I am at the gym " , you actually left the gym an hour ago .
If you don't want to interact with your fans , don't give them a timeline to interact with you .
You have also done security for Sacha Baron Cohen .
Is he in character or out ?
Sacha is never out of character . I was in Brno .
How did that happen ? We were shooting the movie in Dallas .
They told people in an audience , " We want to talk about parenting issues " .
Once Sacha came out and told them he traded an iPod for the black baby ,
there are a lot of things in the movie you didn't see .
That crowd went apes . These people yanked the stroller , yanked the baby . It was just chaos . They were storming the stage .
They were trying to take the baby from Sacha , trying to hurt Sacha .
Do you ever get injured ? Yeah , you get scratches .
We want to be less forceful . We don't want to hurt anyone .
How expensive is it to hire an agency like yours ?
It can be very expensive .
It just depends on the contract . It can be hourly or yearly .
Greece Woos a Big Spender After its $ 140 billion EU and IMF bailout in May ,
Greece has found another big spender : China , which has dramatically boosted investments in the country .
Recent agreements include $ 5 billion to upgrade Greece 's merchant marine ,
a 30 - year deal to lease and operate the country 's main port , and the building of a logistics terminal to connect with southeastern Europe .
China also plans investments in construction , telecoms , tourism , and railways  plus the purchase of 290 tons of olive oil .
Premier Wen Jiabao also promised to keep buying Greek government bonds , which helped spur the euro to an eight - month high against the dollar last week .
China 's foray into Greece is part of its " go global " strategy that has seen the country 's foreign investments jump from less than $ 10 billion in 2004 to an expected $ 50 billion this year , making it the world 's fifth - largest foreign investor .
Its companies ' investments in Europe were roughly twice those in North America , a result in part of the U.S 's worry about China as a competitor .
Europe benefits from America 's unease .
Fears of Chinese owners moving jobs and technology to Asia have been mostly unfounded ;
instead , Chinese investment , like any foreign investment , helps strengthen Europe 's industry .
It is also smart politics :
by closing lucrative bilateral deals with individual countries , China has played them off one another and killed the emergence of an EU - wide China policy  reducing the bloc 's negotiating power .
Top 10 Science Hoaxes Nobody is perfect , even scientists get duped
or try and dupe others .
Here we have gathered the top 10 science hoaxes of all time .
No. 10 - The Nacirema Tribe
The Nacirema were supposedly a tribe of people living in North America , as described by Horace Miner in his anthropological paper , published in 1956 .
The tribe Miner described had many odd rituals including " scraping and lacerating the surface of the face with a sharp instrument "
and another ritual that " consists of inserting a small bundle of hog hairs into the mouth , along with certain magical powders ,
and then moving the bundle in a highly formalized series of gestures " .
It was actually a satire of everyday American life .
" Nacirema " is " American " spelled backward .
No. 09 - Disappearing Blonde Gene
Every generation or so , an alarm is sounded over the belief that natural blonds will soon go the way of the dodo .
The most hoax happened in 2002
when news organizations from the BBC to CNN quoted what they believed to be a World Health Organization report that blonds would disappear within 200 years ,
because blondness was caused by a recessive gene that was dying out .
Turns out the WHO had never done such a study .
No. 08 - Say No to Cake
In 1995 , British fake news show Brass Eye conducted an " investigative report " on a street drug they invented called " cake " ,
claiming it affected an area of the brain called " Shatner 's Bassoon " .
Members of the media lashed out against cake , and the British government even took the matter to Parliament .
Whoops !
No. 07 - Alien Autopsy
In the 1990 's English cameraman Ray Santilli claimed to own footage of an alien autopsy performed after the 1947 Roswell Incident .
Fox aired a portion of it ,
but in 2006 , Santilli ' fessed up to the hoax .
All the alien innards in the film were actually sheep brains , raspberry jam and chicken entrails .
No. 06 - The Turk
It was nearly impossible to beat this chess-playing automaton of 1770 .
Heralded as the next great venture into technology ; it was even toured across Europe .
Unfortunately , the Turk was discovered to be a chess whiz in a robot suit .
No. 05 - The Fiji Mermaid
This artifact in P.T Barnum 's museum was advertised as a gorgeous topless siren ,
but was actually the mummified corpse of an ape sewn to a fish .
No. 04 - Rabbit Mother
In 18th - century England , Mary Toft convinced doctors she had given birth to 16 rabbits .
A Short Narrative of an Extraordinary Delivery of Rabbets [ sic ] was written by King George 's surgeon about her case .
People stopped serving rabbit stew .
Once the hoax was discovered , the medical community suffered great embarrassment .. to put it mildly .
No. 03 - El Chupacabra
This savage chicken - eater was actually a hairless wolf .
No. 02 - Archaeoraptor
In 1999 National Geographic described this creature as the " missing link " between dinosaurs and birds .
Yeah , not so much .
Turns out this " fossil " found in China was actually a forgery constructed from rearranged pieces of real fossils from different species .
No. 01 - Piltdown Man
The whole thing started in 1912 when Charles Dawson claimed to find some interesting bones in a gravel pit .
A paleontologist at the British Museum assembled the bones and believed that they represented the " missing link " between humans and apes .
40 years later scientists proved that the Piltdown man was a deliberate attempt at paleontological fraud .
Today we are featuring the fantastic photography of Clark Little , an amazing surf photographer .
His photographs have been mesmerizing the world since 2007 , with captivating photos taken inside waves as well as stunning angles usually only seen by hard core surfers .
His work has been showcased extensively through the media such as on the Today Show , Good Morning America , Inside Edition as well as multiple publishers and newspapers in the U.S. and abroad .
His limited Edition book , The Shorebreak Art of Clark Little , is now in production and will be available for purchase online in the summer of 2009 .
Now , let us browse through some of his collection and enjoy this breathtaking experience 
You can find out more about Clark at his website ClarkLittlePhotography.com Clark travels the world presenting his photographs on the big screen .
For his summer tour schedule please visit this page .
His book called " The Shorebreak Art of Clark Little " will be available exclusively through his website and is expected to be released in July / August 2009 .
$ 1 of each copy sold will be donated to charity .
His stunning photos can be purchased in a number of different sizes directly through his website ,
and I highly recommend them as they are truly spectacular .
Please know that I am getting no financial gain whatsoever from this recommendation or this article ,
I simply enjoy supporting great artists in any way I can and Clark 's work is certainly worthy of this recommendation . "
I enjoy the power and beauty of the thick bombs that roll through .
Now I can capture some of those heavy moments without getting slammed .
Well , most of the time . " Clark Little
In August 1952 in a barn - turned - concert - venue in Woodstock , N.Y. , a man sat at a piano and studied a score .
He opened and closed the keyboard lid three times  but didn't play a sound .
After 4 minutes and 33 seconds , the performer walked off the stage .
Outrage ensued .
Today many of us recognize the piece described above as 4 ' 33 " by legendary composer John Cage  now considered one of the major musical works of the 20 th century .
In a new biography of this pioneering artist , " Where the Heart Beats : John Cage , Zen Buddhism , and the Inner Life of Artists " ( Penguin Press , )
art critic Kay Larson links Cage 's daring presentation of " the sound of no sound " to his growing interest in Eastern religion ,
particularly Zen Buddhism , at a time of personal crisis in the 1940s and ` 50s .
According to Larson , who is herself a devout Buddhist , Cage was frustrated that audiences weren't responding to his difficult , avant-garde music .
He was starting to think that music that expressed a composer 's emotions was pointless since no one understood it anyway .
His religious studies were leading him to believe that the true purpose of music was to quiet the mind , as in Buddhist meditation , and awaken the heart to the glorious reality of the present .
The son of an inventor , Cage seems to have been born with a radically open and questioning mind .
By the time he wrote the " silent piece " , he had already placed rods , bolts and other objects on and between piano strings  the prepared piano  to alter the sound .
One of the first musicians to experiment with electronic music , he also used radios as instruments and composed music based on indeterminacy and chance .
As a young man  Cage was born in Los Angeles in 1912  he was drawn to the modernist art movements coming out of Europe  cubism , futurism , geometric abstraction , atonal music .
For a couple years in the 1930s , he studied composition in Los Angeles with the Austrian composer Arnold Schoenberg
but ultimately rejected his rule - driven 12 - tone method of composition .
Cage preferred the revolutionary ideas of the Italian futurist composer Luigi Russolo , whose manifesto " The Art of Noises " declared that ordinary noise  from the clang of the factory to the rumble of the street  was the true music of the modern age .
For much of his life , like a Zen disciple , Cage sought to make art that honored the transitory sounds and events of everyday life .
His rule-breaking forays into what became known as installation ,
performance and conceptual art paved the way to the avant-garde movements that still perplex audiences today .
Consider his friends and followers :
Robert Rauschenberg , Jasper Johns , Morton Feldman , Yoko Ono , Bruce Nauman and his longtime partner Merce Cunningham , to name a few .
Larson convincingly argues that they walked on a shining path blazed by Cage .
More than 100 wind turbines make up a wind farm in Yumen district of Jiuquan in China 's remote western Gansu province , the first part of a massive wind power project nicknamed " Three Gorges on the Land " .
It will eventually create more energy than the Three Gorges Dam hydroelectric dam .
As world leaders meet in Copenhagen to discuss climate change , much focus will be on China , the world 's biggest emitter of greenhouse gases .
The country has unveiled new energy intensity targets and aims to have 15 percent of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 .
So far , wind energy makes up just 0.4 percent of China 's electricity supply .
However , Beijing is building the world 's biggest wind power project ,
although paradoxically , adding wind power in China also means adding new polluting coal - fired power stations .
The blades of a 20 - storey wind turbine slicing and chopping through the air are the only noise out here in China 's western Gansu province .
More than 100 Chinese - made turbines dot the bleak landscape .
They call this the " Three Gorges on the Land " , drawing parallels to China 's gigantic hydroelectric project .
Zhang Huayao is an engineer who has spent nearly two years helping to build the massive wind farm .
" When I see my wind turbines turning , I feel very happy " , he says .
This is the first stage of a massive wind power complex ,
which will produce 12 times the amount of power of the world 's current No. 1  the Roscoe Wind Farm in Texas .
In total , China will build seven of these mega - wind farms .
In 2005 , China produced just 1.28 gigawatts of wind power ;
just three years later , that figure was almost 10 times higher .
Zhang Huayao , an engineer who spent almost two years building this wind farm for China Energy Conservation Investment Corp , . drives through the field of turbines with a proprietorial air .
The project is in Yumen district of Jiuquan , in Gansu province .
Like most of China 's wind farms , it is far from the massive cities that need the electricity .
" It is tough building a new project " , says Zhang .
" But when I see my wind turbines turning , I feel very happy .
Of course I'm proud .
This is the first wind farm in the 10 gigawatt mega - project " .
That sense of pride is shared by the locals , who are building roads to the wind farms .
These sandy , snow - strewn wastelands bordering the Gobi desert are sparsely populated .
So no people needed to be resettled and no land seized to build these wind farms .
And the wind farms are bringing much - needed work  an estimated 6,000 jobs a year in this area .
Li Geping has a scarf wrapped around her face to guard against the freezing temperatures as she toils on the road .
But she is happy to earn $ 8 a day , and she loves the wind turbines .
" Normally , there is no work here , but the wind farms have brought a lot of new jobs " ,
she says , smiling . " This place is normally so barren and desolate .
Now , the wind turbines are here .
It is beautiful " .
The government subsidizes wind power .
As a result , it costs the government almost 8 cents for each kilowatt hour of power produced by the wind farm ,
about 50 percent more than the government pays for electricity produced by coal .
Zhang says it will take 10 years for this wind farm to break even .
Locals build a road to the Jiuquan wind farm in 23 - degree Fahrenheit weather .
They say they love the wind farms for the estimated 6000 jobs a year they bring .
Back in a spotless control room where blue - suited technicians monitor the new computer system , he notes another issue .
" It is a beautiful day today , but there is no wind " , he says , shaking his head .
" There is very little wind at all " .
Nature is unpredictable :
Sometimes there is no wind ;
other times , it is so strong the turbines have to be shut down .
Because China 's transmission power grid can't cope with the intermittent nature of wind ,
the government is adding back-up coal - fired power plants along with wind power to level out those peaks and troughs .
In Jiuquan , new coal - fired power plants with 13.6 million kilowatts of installed capacity  the same amount of energy generated by Chile in 2009  will be added by 2020 .
The need to add baseload coal - fired power plants has the effect of reducing the clean benefits of wind power .
But the local economic planner , Wang Jianxin , chairman of the Jiuquan Development and Reform Commission , says adding more polluting coal - fired power plants is unavoidable if you want to be green .
" There is no such thing as a free lunch .
We are trying to get the best benefit for the lowest cost .
But nothing happens without a sacrifice , and this is a necessary cost " , Wang says .
During a recent visit , only four of the farm 's wind turbines had been hooked up to the grid , though more are being added every day .
According to Caijing , an influential business and investigative magazine , one-third of the wind power generated in Yumen district is wasted .
And that is typical , with just 72 percent of China 's total wind power capacity connected to the grid , according to data from the China Electricity Council .
In many parts of China , the transmission network can't cope with the rapid growth in renewable energy .
But Wang , the economic planner , says these are just teething problems .
Paradoxically , new coal - fired power plants , with 13.6 million kilowatts of capacity , will be added by 2020 in Jiuquan to back up the gigantic new wind power project .
This is a coal - fired power plant in Jiayuguan , Gansu province .
" If someone who wanted to buy a car waited for roads to be built first ,
and road builders waited for enough cars to be bought before building a road ,
then nothing would ever happen " , says Wang .
" Here , sometimes the power stations are built faster than the grid , sometimes the grid is built faster " .
The local government will spend almost $ 1.5 billion in the next year , laying just 450 miles of ultra-high voltage cables that will eventually deliver the electricity to populated areas .
This will be part of the world 's first large - scale ultra-high voltage grid .
But Charlie McElwee , an energy and environmental lawyer based in Shanghai , says the modernization of the grid system won't solve all the problems immediately .
" There are still going to be issues with the intermittent nature of wind energy ,
and it is going to take 15 years or so until the grid itself is in a position to handle these intermittent power sources without these coal - fired power sources built in the same vicinity " , he says .
Nonetheless , China is undergoing a green revolution , says Jonathan Woetzel of McKinsey , the consulting firm .
He argues that having turbines blowing aimlessly in the wind isn't necessarily wasted effort
 if your intent is to build an industry .
" The intent of the government is also not only that these farms are built and operated ,
but also that the equipment itself is Chinese - made and the technology is developed in China ,
and that ultimately it becomes a global industry ,
and that China will become the exporters of wind technology to the world " , Woetzel says .
And to that end , China is succeeding .
According to the Global Wind Energy Council , China has doubled its wind power capacity every year for the past five
 this year adding more wind power than any other country
 and it is on track to become the world 's largest producer of wind turbines this year .
Given the scale of China 's ambitions , the sky really is the limit .
The global economy How to stop a currency war Keep calm ,
don't expect quick fixes
and above all don't unleash a trade fight with China
In recent weeks the world economy has been on a war footing , at least rhetorically .
Ever since Brazil 's finance minister , Guido Mantega , declared on September 27th that an " international currency war " had broken out ,
Ever since the global economic debate has been recast in battlefield terms , not just by excitable headline-writers , but by officials themselves .
Gone is the fuzzy rhetoric about co-operation to boost global growth .
A more combative tone has taken hold ( see article ) .
Countries blame each other for distorting global demand , with weapons that range from quantitative easing ( printing money to buy bonds ) to currency intervention and capital controls .
Behind all the smoke and fury , there are in fact three battles .
The biggest one is over China 's unwillingness to allow the yuan to rise more quickly .
American and European officials have sounded tougher about the " damaging dynamic " caused by China 's undervalued currency .
Last month the House of Representatives passed a law allowing firms to seek tariff protection against countries with undervalued currencies , with a huge bipartisan majority .
China 's " unfair " trade practices have become a hot topic in the mid-term elections .
A second flashpoint is the rich world 's monetary policy ,
particularly the prospect that central banks may soon restart printing money to buy government bonds .
The dollar has fallen as financial markets expect the Federal Reserve to act fastest and most boldly .
The euro has soared as officials at the European Central Bank show least enthusiasm for such a shift .
In China 's eyes ( and , sotto voce , those of many other emerging - market governments , ) quantitative easing creates a gross distortion in the world economy as investors rush elsewhere , especially into emerging economies , in search of higher yields .
A third area of contention comes from how the developing countries respond to these capital flows .
Rather than let their exchange rates soar , many governments have intervened to buy foreign currency , or imposed taxes on foreign capital inflows .
Brazil recently doubled a tax on foreign purchases of its domestic debt .
This week Thailand announced a new 15 % withholding tax for foreign investors in its bonds .
Jaw-jaw , please For now , these skirmishes fall far short of a real currency war .
Many of the " weapons " look less menacing on closer inspection .
The capital - inflow controls are modest .
In the rich world only Japan has recently resorted to currency intervention , and so far only once .
Nor is there much risk of an imminent descent into trade retaliation .
Even in America , tariffs against China are still , with luck , a long way off  both because the currency bill is milder than it sounds
and because it has yet to be passed by the Senate or signed by Barack Obama .
Still , there is no room for complacency .
Today 's phoney war could quickly turn into a real dogfight .
The conditions driving the divergence of economic policies  in particular , sluggish growth in the rich world  are likely to last for years .
As fiscal austerity kicks in , the appeal of using a cheaper currency as a source of demand will increase , and the pressure on politicians to treat China as a scapegoat will rise .
And if the flood of foreign capital intensifies , developing countries may be forced to choose between losing competitiveness , truly draconian capital controls or allowing their economies to overheat .
What needs to happen is fairly clear .
Global demand needs rebalancing , away from indebted rich economies and towards more spending in the emerging world .
Structural reforms to boost spending in those surplus economies will help ,
but their real exchange rates also need to appreciate .
And , yes , the Chinese yuan is too low ( see article ) .
That is hurting not just the West but also other emerging countries ( especially those with floating exchange rates )
and indeed China itself , which needs to get more of its growth from domestic consumption .
It is also clear that this will not be a painless process .
China is right to worry about instability if workers in exporting companies lose their jobs .
And even reasonable choices
 such as the rich world 's mix of fiscal austerity and loose monetary policy
 will have an uncomfortable impact on small , open emerging economies , in the form of unwelcome capital inflows .
This flood of capital will be less devastating to them than the harm they would suffer if the West descended into deflation and stagnation , but it can still cause problems .
Collective Seoul - searching All this cries out for a multilateral approach ,
in which institutions such as the IMF and the G20 forge consensus among the big economies .
The hitch is that the multilateral route has , so far , achieved little .
Hence the chorus calling for a different line of attack  one that focuses on getting tough with China , through either retaliatory capital controls ( such as not allowing China to buy American Treasury bonds ) or trade sanctions .
And it is not just the usual protectionist suspects :
even some free - traders reckon that economic violence is the only way to shock China out of its self-harming obstinacy
( and to stop a more widespread protectionist reaction later . )
This newspaper is not convinced .
The threats look like either unworkable bluffs
( how can China be stopped from buying Treasuries ,
the most widely traded asset in the world 's financial markets ) or dangerous provocations .
Confronted with a trade ultimatum , the Beijing regime , puffed up in its G2 hubris , may well reckon it is cheaper politically to retaliate to the United States in kind .
That is how trade wars start .
Anyway , to focus on America and China is to misunderstand the nature of the problem .
The currency wars are about more than one villain and one victim .
Rather , redouble multilateral efforts behind the scenes , especially by bringing in the emerging countries hurt by China 's policy .
Brazil and others have only just begun to speak out .
South Korea is hosting the G20 next month . Use the Seoul summit as a prompt , not to create some new Plaza Accord but as a way to clarify the debate and keep up the pressure .
( today 's tensions are too complex to settle in a grand peace treaty of the sort hammered out by just five countries in New York in 1985 )
It will get fewer headlines ;
but this is a war that is best averted , not fought .
What is the Latest Development ?
A new theory is forming to help explain why human relationships evolved from promoting sexual promiscuity to today 's pair-bonding .
Long ago , when violence and hierarchy determined who slept with who ,
females were naturally more promiscuous , habitually taking on more men than today 's domesticated partnerships allow .
University of Tennessee - Knoxville professor Sergey Gavrilets argues that the rise of pair-bonding " occurred only when lesser male hominids ,
realizing their physical inferiority ,
adopted a ' provider ' role in partnerships , and female hominids , in turn , began to show fidelity to these partners " .
What is the Big Idea ?
Scientists have long debated the origins of pair-bonding because ,
according to evolutionary logic in which life tends to prefer greater genetic diversity and higher fertility , it never should have occurred .
But females may have been instrumental in this change , choosing to prefer the security of a provider mate over the risk of lower fertility .
" Critically , Gavrilets notes , this process begins with the weakest males
because they stand to gain the most from an alternative strategy like provisioning .
Slowly , the strategy works its way up the dominance hierarchy , as females begin to reward the weaker males with their fidelity .
Out of this sexual revolution comes self-domestication " .
Wealth of Nations
It's time to stop calling countries like Brazil and China " developing . "
They are just rich .
What is a rich country ?
It might seem an innocuously straightforward question .
But it is not .
Rich enough to do what ?
If you define rich as being able to afford long-range missiles and nuclear weapons ,
then even poverty-plagued North Korea qualifies
( as long as you are not too concerned about whether the missiles actually work . )
What about being rich enough to ensure a decent life for all your country 's citizens ?
Many in the United States and Europe would argue that even their developed countries ,
with the world 's highest standards of living , are not rich by that measure .
Or what about being rich enough to be a good global citizen , providing aid to those in more desperate need ?
The good news is that , by almost any definition , there are a lot more rich countries than there used to be .
The number of countries classified by the World Bank as " low income " -- at or below a national average of $ 1,005 per person per year -- fell from 63 to 35 between 2000 and 2010 .
That means there are now more middle - income countries than ever ,
while still other countries have moved up from middle - income to high - income status .
And because rich countries generally lead the charge when it comes to providing aid to other places that need it ,
a lot more countries could soon be contributing to the global general good .
The rise of the nouveau riche could really help change the world .
The United Nations classification of " developed regions " currently comprises Australia , Canada , Japan , New Zealand , the United States , and Europe as far as Russia .
It is a group that basically includes the countries on top of the global income rankings ;
in other words , it is all relative , indicating status in the world pecking order , not necessarily wealth itself .
And it is a definition that comes with obligations .
The U.N. encourages these countries to provide 0.7 percent of their gross national product to foreign development assistance ;
16 countries have pledged to meet the target by 2015 ,
and Denmark , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , Norway , and Sweden have already surpassed it .
This generous spirit is a longstanding tradition .
Fifty-two years ago , in March 1960 , the first meeting of the Development Assistance Group was called to order in Washington by Italian U.N. Ambassador Egidio Ortona .
Officials from Belgium , Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Portugal , and the United States discussed their assistance programs to less - developed countries .
Within months , Japan and the Netherlands had been asked to join .
All were already giving money to poorer countries spread across Africa , Asia , and Latin America
-- the idea was to encourage coordination and greater aid flows .
Yet , most strikingly , many of these donor countries were still reeling from World War II and were far from what we would think of as rich today .
Italy 's annual income per capita in 1961 , according to the late economic historian Angus Maddison , was $ 6,373 .
That is less than the average 2008 incomes in Brazil , China , Malaysia , Mexico , Russia , and Thailand ( measured in constant dollars . )
And Italy , mind you , was twice as rich as Portugal was in 1961 .
By 2008 , Egypt and South Africa were already considerably better off than Portugal was back then , while India was roughly on par
-- and it is surely richer today .
According to Maddison 's data , about 28 percent of the world 's population in 1961 lived in countries richer than Portugal , the poorest of the Development Assistance Group members .
By 2008 , 61 percent of the world lived in countries richer than Portugal was in 1961 .
In 1961 , 75 percent of the world 's GDP was produced by countries richer than Portugal .
By 2008 , that proportion had climbed to 89 percent .
Here is the point :
Today , most people live in , and the vast majority of the world 's output is produced by , countries that would have been considered rich in 1961 .
And it is not just income .
Countries usually considered " developing " today have far higher average education rates and better health indicators than countries considered " developed " back in the 1960s .
Portugal 's life expectancy in 1961 was 63 years , according to World Bank data .
That is lower than the 2010 life expectancy in Bangladesh , Ghana , and India .
In Brazil and China , people in 2010 lived a full 10 years longer than those in 1961 Portugal .
In fact , the average Brazilian or Chinese today lives longer than the average Brit or American did in 1961 .
And the average citizen 15 or older in Bangladesh , Ghana , Zambia -- or even Haiti -- has spent more years in school than the average German or French adult had in 1970 .
So perhaps we should ditch the " developing " label we often slap on countries like Brazil , China , and Russia .
In historical terms , we should call them something else :
rich .
And it seems only fair to ask them to start acting like rich countries -- or at least like the ones from the 1960s .
To be fair , some already are .
China 's aid program has been growing at nearly 30 percent a year .
The assistance programs of Brazil , India , and Russia are also rapidly growing .
Add in the longstanding programs from the Middle East ( like Saudi Arabia 's $ 3 billion assistance program , ) and we are talking real money coming from new donors .
Then again , Brazil , China , India , and Russia combined gave away somewhere less than $ 6.4 billion in foreign assistance in 2010 .
By contrast , Canada alone gave $ 5.2 billion , France gave $ 14.4 billion , and the United States gave more than twice that .
And if you take low-end estimates of the combined aid outflow from Brazil , China , and India in 2009 , they are still considerably smaller than the aid those same countries collectively received .
India , for one , gave aid worth about $ 488 million in 2009 and received aid worth about $ 2.5 billion .
So the BRICs -- along with other nouveau-riche countries like Malaysia and Mexico -- have some catching up to do .
But if these new donors continue to expand their assistance programs at double-digit growth rates ,
they will soon become a real force for development .
That is especially important as traditional donor countries cut their aid budgets left and right .
Austria and Belgium , for example , slashed their aid budgets more than 13 percent last year ,
and all signs point to the United States doing something similar this year .
Thankfully , there's a dwindling pool of countries in desperate need of help .
Between 2010 and 2025 , the number of countries with an average income below $ 1,165 could fall from 68 countries with a population of 2.8 billion to 31 countries with a population of less than 1 billion , according to research from the Center for Global Development .
( the cutoff to receive extremely low - interest loans from the World Bank )
Of course , places where the average income is just $ 3 or $ 4 a day still qualify as very poor
-- and there is a huge role for aid there
-- but the need will surely shrink in the coming decades .
If aid budgets continue to rise at the same time , wiping out absolute poverty worldwide will become increasingly possible .
Telling Americans living on the poverty line of around $ 13 a day that they are 10 times richer than the vast majority of humankind throughout history is probably of limited comfort .
But the absolute wealth of economies really does matter .
It means there are more than enough rich countries to stop talking about the tradeoff between reducing poverty at home and helping the less fortunate abroad .
They can afford to do both .
Just ask Portugal .
As part of a " Mobile Telemedicine " initiative undertaken by the Millennium Villages Project in Ghana ,
I have been researching and documenting existing software platforms that enable and support remote consultation activities .
How is mobile telemedicine defined ?
According to the Rockefeller Foundation , Telemedicine is the use of medical information exchanged from one site to another via electronic communications to improve patients ' health status or for educational purposes .
It includes consultative , diagnostic , and treatment services .
Mobile health information technology ( mHealth ) typically refers to portable devices with the capability to create , store , retrieve , and transmit data in real time between end users for the purpose of improving patient safety and quality of care .
The flow of mobile health information is characterized by portable hardware coupled with software applications and patient data that flows across wireless networks .
Mobile health enables clinical access to a variety of major software applications central to patient care and subsequently increases clinicians ' reach , mobility , and ease of information access , regardless of location .
For example , a clinician might use a mobile device to access a patient 's electronic health record ( EHR , )
write and transmit prescriptions to a pharmacy , interact with patient treatment plans , communicate public health data , order diagnostic tests , review labs , or access medical references .
Data transmission is realized by technologies common in everyday life including blue tooth , cell phone , infra-red , wifi , and wired technologies , all of which operate as part of a network .
Mobile devices can be helpful across the health care spectrum  transmitting vital information quickly during an acute public health crisis or being used for on-going needs such as education and training .
When utilized for patient care , mobile devices are credited with improving patient safety by eliminating errors commonly associated with paper-based medical records and enhancing the continuity of care .
In addition to improved patient outcomes , workflow and administrative efficiencies from the use of mobile devices can produce cost savings for the user or user organization .
There are multiple telemedicine platforms , both open-source and commercial , that aim to reduce unnecessary referrals and improve quality of care at the point of care .
Below are some open-source telemedicine platforms that I found .
I have focused on open-source applications for a couple of reasons .
First , open-source applications are affordable than commercial products - at least in terms of licensing costs
( albeit not maintenance costs , something organizations tend to foregt ) .
Because the source code is accessible , users also have greater customization capabilities and technical support will always be possible , even if not from the original software developers .
Here are some open-source telemedicine platforms for consideration .
The iPATH Telemedicine Platform is an open-source software .
Users can access the system via web and email and can collaborate in private working groups .
Cases can also be relayed to the central server through special equipment , such as diagnostic tools or applications linked to mobile phones .
The software also includes a case archive and automated and personalized notifications .
iPATH was developed with health workers practicing in resource poor settings in mind .
Port St . Johns in the Eastern Cape of South Africa piloted the telemedicine system in the context of dermatology  teledermatology .
Out of the 110 consultations , 105 consultations reported diagnostic results were possible by using the system ;
out of the 110 consultations , 57 noted that telemedicine made a positive change for treatment ( and slightly over 40 reported there was no difference . )
In the Ukraine , iPATH use was able to support regional clinics and decrease the number of unnecessary referrals .
iPATH software can be utilized for teleconsultation , collaboration , case management and the reduction of unnecessary referrals .
Developed by Johns Hopkins Center for Clinical Global Health Education , the electronic Mobile Open-source Comprehensive Health Application is an open-source application that is designed to assist health programs in developing countries through the coordination of wireless devices linked to a local clinic-based server .
The program runs on Android - supported devices .
It utilizes Open Data Kit for data collection , and also supports the exchange of audio , visual and text media .
The server component , which employs PHP and MySQL , aggregates and analyzes the data and also has the capability of displaying the information collected .
Users also have the ability to customize components of the overall application .
Overall , this product was designed to assist health programs in resource poor settings by improving provider communication and education and patient care .
NB : Scheduled for release in early 2010 .
MocaMobile , now called Sana , strives to support the provision of healthcare delivery in remote areas through mobile information systems .
Currently , Sana supports remote diagnosis by medical specialists via the Android platform for mobile devices .
Additionally , the customizable platform links to other mHealth and eHealth software .
Sana connects health workers to medical professionals , facilitates the collection and analysis of data , in addition to providing a number of customizable add-ons and integration with other systems .
The system supports audio , image , location - based data , and text . Video will be supported in the near future .
Applications for Sana include : physical diagnosis applications ( cervical cancer screening , childhood sickness diagnostics , skin condition diagnosis ) ;
follow-ups post - surgery ;
emergency response ( evaluation of motor vehicular crash scenes ) ;
Moca benefits ( on-the-spot screening , specialty clinic follow-up . )
To ensure reliable and low-cost data transfers , especially given the unreliable networks and infrastructure in most resource poor countries , Sana uses the following strategies :
synchronization with the server ( provided network is available  if network is unavailable , the information is stored on the phone , )
packetization ( uploads large files in chunks so as not to completely lose data if a network failure occurs mid-upload , )
and multimodal transfers ( transfer data on a variety of interfaces including GPRS , WiFi , SMS and USB . )
Sana also seamlessly interfaces with OpenMRS , among other open-source applications and will also integrate XForms into the platform .
Given the great interoperability of this system , users can customize not only the Sana system , but also the other open-source applications that integrate with Sana .
BigBlueButton offers high-quality , open-source teleconference software that can be used for remote telemedicine consultations .
This open-source software for mobile devices is focused on primary health homecare .
The goal is to use mobile tools to promote the improvement of health services for people with low incomes .
provide privacy and security for users and patients ;
synchronize mobile databases to reduce replication ;
transmit multimedia data over wireless networks to and from smartphones ;
data mining healthcare information ;
mobile electronic health records and human computer interaction and automatic speech recognition .
It is unclear if the Borboleta Project will develop teleconsultation applications to be integrated into its platform .
Xebra is an open-source platform whereby facility-based reviews of medical imaging results are supported .
ZephyrOpen is an open-source Software Development Kit for Health Monitoring Devices that use blue tooth physiological sensors .
The software is currently being reformatted for Android - enabled phones ,
but current codes can be supported by Java - enabled phones .
OpenVista ( R ) is the open-source version of OpenVistA .
The healthcare information system was developed by the US Veterans Affairs .
It is an in-patient and outpatient system . The system has a high degree of integration .
However , it is not clear if teleconsultation can be supported by the system .
The actual number of health workers conducting the consultations is unclear .
This figure of 110 only reflects the number of consultations .
With many Americans seized by anxiety about the country 's economic decline , candidates from both political parties have suddenly found a new villain to run against : China .
From the marquee battle between Senator Barbara Boxer and Carly Fiorina in California to the House contests in rural New York , Democrats and Republicans are blaming one another for allowing the export of jobs to its economic rival .
In the past week or so , at least 29 candidates have unveiled advertisements suggesting that their opponents have been too sympathetic to China and , as a result , Americans have suffered .
The ads are striking not only in their volume but also in their pointed language .
One ad for an Ohio congressman , Zack Space , accuses his Republican opponent , Bob Gibbs , of supporting free-trade policies that sent Ohioans ' jobs to China .
As a giant dragon appears on the screen , the narrator sarcastically thanks the Republican :
" As they say in China , xie xie Mr . Gibbs " !
In an ad featuring Chinese music and a photo of Chairman Mao , Spike Maynard , a Republican challenger in West Virginia , charges that Representative Nick Rahall supported a bill creating wind-turbine jobs in China .
And on Wednesday , Senator Harry Reid , the majority leader , began showing an ad that wove pictures of Chinese factory workers with criticism that Republican Sharron Angle was " a foreign worker 's best friend "
for supporting corporate tax breaks that led to outsourcing to China and India .
The barrage of ads , expected to total in the tens of millions of dollars , is occurring as politicians are struggling to address voters ' most pressing and stubborn concern :
the lack of jobs .
" China is a really easy scapegoat " , said Erika Franklin Fowler , a political science professor at Wesleyan University who is director of the Wesleyan Media Project , which tracks political advertising .
Polls show that not only are Americans increasingly worried that the United States will have a lesser role in the years ahead ;
they are more and more convinced that China will dominate .
In a Pew poll conducted in April , 41 percent of Americans said China was the world 's leading economic power , slightly more than those who named the United States .
The attacks are occurring as trade tensions continue and the United States is pressuring the Chinese government to allow its currency to rise in value , a central topic under discussion at the International Monetary Fund meeting in Washington this weekend .
The ads are so vivid and pervasive that some worry they will increase hostility toward the Chinese and complicate the already fraught relationship between the two countries .
Robert A . Kapp , a former president of the US - China Business Council , said that even though tensions had flared in the past , he had never seen China used as such an obvious punching bag for American politicians .
" To bring one country into the crosshairs in so many districts , at such a late stage of the campaign , represents something new and a calculated gamble " , he said .
" I find it deplorable .
I find it demeaning " .
Not all of the ads are solely about China ;
a few mention India or Mexico .
A recent ad from Mrs . Boxer accuses Ms . Fiorina , a former chief executive at Hewlett-Packard ,
of outsourcing thousands of jobs to " Shanghai instead of San Jose , Bangalore instead of Burbank " , and of " proudly stamping her products ' Made in China . ' "
It is no accident that Democrats , in particular , have been eying China as a line of attack .
This spring , national Democrats , including the House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , began to encourage candidates to highlight the issue after reviewing internal polling that suggested voters strongly favored eliminating tax breaks for companies that do business in China .
Never mind that there is hardly any consensus as to what exactly constitutes outsourcing and how many of the new overseas jobs would have stayed in American hands .
The Democrats cite studies this year from the Economic Policy Institute , a liberal research organization ,
that assert three million jobs have been outsourced to China since 2001 because of the growing trade imbalance .
But Republicans , backed by some academics , say the number is much smaller .
Indeed , Scott Kennedy , director of the Research Center for Chinese Politics and Business at Indiana University , said that most of the jobs China had added in manufacturing through foreign investment had come from Taiwan , Hong Kong and South Korea , not from the United States .
Still , some Republicans clearly see the issue as potent , and they are counterattacking with ads stating that the Obama administration 's stimulus package helped to create $ 2 billion in wind-turbine technology jobs in China , a claim the Treasury Department and the American Wind Energy Association say is dubious .
Representative John A . Boehner , the House minority leader , in a speech Friday in Ohio , blamed President Obama and Ms . Pelosi
for a " stimulus that shipped jobs overseas to China instead of creating jobs here at home " .
Evan B . Tracey , president of the Campaign Media Analysis Group , which tracks political advertising , said that " China has sort of become a straw-man villain in this election "
in a way that elicits comparisons to the sentiments toward Japan in the 1980s over car manufacturing and Mexico in the 1990s over the North American Free Trade Agreement .
While China 's growth has slowed a bit recently , its economy is still projected to surge by about 10 percent this year , continuing a remarkable three-decade streak of double-digit expansion .
" In a lot of ways it is a code word :
 Let us be mad at China ,
because then the voters will connect the dots and say our manufacturing plants have been shut down because of China , and all the unfair labor practices , and throw on the fact that we are basically selling all our debt to China " ' ,
Mr . Tracey said .
Even as the ads play up Americans ' unease with the threat posed by modern China , they often employ outdated and almost clich depictions .
In a new spot for Representative Joe Sestak , who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania , a gong clangs as a narrator says of his Republican rival , Pat Toomey :
" He is fighting for jobs  in China " .
An ad for Ryan Frazier , a Republican running for Congress in western Colorado , shows Forbidden City - style doors opening to reveal China on a world map , as the voiceover criticizes the Democratic incumbent , Ed Perlmutter , for supporting cap-and-trade legislation , which some Coloradans believe will drive more manufacturing jobs overseas .
Consultants from both parties are monitoring polling and voter reaction to gauge the effectiveness of the ads and to determine how long to continue showing them .
Based on the back-and-forth between candidates on the campaign trail , the issue does not appear to be going away anytime soon .
At a Senate debate in Connecticut on Monday night between the Democrat Richard Blumenthal and the Republican Linda E . McMahon ,
Mr . Blumenthal repeatedly tried to raise concerns about the business practices of World Wrestling Entertainment , the company in which Ms . McMahon served as chief executive .
A tense moment occurred when Mr . Blumenthal asked :
Why does Ms . McMahon 's company manufacture its popular action figure toys in China , rather than here at home ?
She said it was not her decision , but that of the toy company , and moved on .
How the Chile mine rescue saga united the country
Bernarda Lorca would usually be sitting in her wheelchair , selling cosmetics and handmade crepe - paper flowers on the street in Santiago .
Instead , she spent last night at the dusty San Jose mine site here , making flowers for the dozens of women who have waited at the mine gate for 68 days since a cave-in trapped their husbands , brothers , and sons .
With the world 's biggest copper producing country in a frenzy over the possible imminent rescue of 33 trapped miners ,
Ms . Lorca is part of a caravan offering both financial and moral support .
The collapse of the mine has helped pull together a geographically disparate , class-conscious , and often individualistic country .
" The people are more united " , Lorca said the dining hall at Camp Hope , where the families have been joined by more than 1,000 journalists awaiting the mine rescue .
" Chile is very divided .
The rich are rich and the poor are poor .
Here , people who might be a bit snobbier have to walk in the same mud as everyone else .
You can't walk around here in polished shoes " .
The Chile mine rescue is scheduled to begin tonight at midnight , Mining Minister Laurence Golborne said yesterday .
Preparations have taken almost two months since the miners were found alive by drillers Aug . 22 .
Since then , the rescue team drilled a 622 - meter chute to the miners ' living space .
The tube is big enough to hold a metal cage that will protect the workers as they are hauled up by winches and pulleys on an inch - thick steel cable .
The workers ' family members , who built a makeshift town outside the mine gates and lived there since the accident , will have the opportunity to greet the men as they emerge and recuperate in private rooms and then in the hospital .
Home cooking and letters of support
A group of a dozen women in matching blue windbreakers spent last night giving out carrot cake and freshly fried cheese empanadas to families , supporters , and reporters .
They come every week .
Days earlier , Ruben Figueroa arrived with a card for the miners from his daughter 's third-grade class .
He had bicycled 120 miles from Santiago before a trucker gave him a ride the rest of the way to the mine .
" You just have to support them " , Mr . Figueroa said .
Families have received cards and messages of support from around the world .
And Eduardo Farkas , a Chilean mine owner , started a bank account for each of the miners and donated $ 10,000 per person to get the donations started .
International cooperation
The crisis has also created a new chance for international cooperation .
Long-time enemies Bolivia and Chile are cooperating to support Bolivian miner Carlos Mamani , 23 ,
and Bolivia 's leftist President Evo Morales is expected to greet the newly freed miners along with Chile 's conservative President Sebastian Pinera .
Work crews have raised the flags of Canada , the US , and Argentina , among others .
Palestinian ambassador Mai Al Kaila visited the site , adding her flag to the collection .
The cooperation may not last .
There is already debate over how to prevent future problems ,
with some people calling for state takeovers of smaller miners , others pushing for increased private investment ,
and others demanding that small mines be shut down , potentially putting people out of work .
There have also been grumbles from people in southern Chile , which was hit by the fifth - biggest earthquake in recorded history Feb . 27 ,
that the government has been focused entirely on the miners and that earthquake reconstruction has fallen off the agenda .
May 25 , 2010 by Ethan Marcotte The control which designers know in the print medium , and often desire in the web medium , is simply a function of the limitation of the printed page .
We should embrace the fact that the web doesn't have the same constraints , and design for this flexibility .
But first , we must " accept the ebb and flow of things " .
John Allsopp , " A Dao of Web Design " The English architect Christopher Wren once quipped that his chosen field " aims for Eternity " , and there is something appealing about that formula :
Unlike the web , which often feels like aiming for next week , architecture is a discipline very much defined by its permanence .
A building 's foundation defines its footprint , which defines its frame , which shapes the facade .
Each phase of the architectural process is more immutable , more unchanging than the last .
Creative decisions quite literally shape a physical space , defining the way in which people move through its confines for decades or even centuries .
Working on the web , however , is a wholly different matter .
Our work is defined by its transience , often refined or replaced within a year or two .
Inconsistent window widths , screen resolutions , user preferences , and our users ' installed fonts are but a few of the intangibles we negotiate when we publish our work ,
and over the years , we have become incredibly adept at doing so .
But the landscape is shifting , perhaps more quickly than we might like .
Mobile browsing is expected to outpace desktop-based access within three to five years .
Two of the three dominant video game consoles have web browsers ( and one of them is quite excellent . )
We are designing for mice and keyboards , for T9 keypads , for handheld game controllers , for touch interfaces .
In short , we are faced with a greater number of devices , input modes , and browsers than ever before .
In recent years , I have been meeting with more companies that request " an iPhone website " as part of their project .
It is an interesting phrase : At face value , of course , it speaks to mobile WebKit 's quality as a browser , as well as a powerful business case for thinking beyond the desktop .
But as designers , I think we often take comfort in such explicit requirements , as they allow us to compartmentalize the problems before us .
We can quarantine the mobile experience on separate subdomains , spaces distinct and separate from " the non - iPhone website " .
But what is next ?
An iPad website ?
An N90 website ?
Can we really continue to commit to supporting each new user agent with its own bespoke experience ?
At some point , this starts to feel like a zero sum game .
But how can we  and our designs  adapt ?
A flexible foundation Let us consider an example design .
I have built a simple page for a hypothetical magazine ; it is a straightforward two-column layout built on a fluid grid , with not a few flexible images peppered throughout .
As a long-time proponent of non-fixed layouts , I have long felt they were more " future proof " simply because they were layout agnostic . And to a certain extent , thatis true :
flexible designs make no assumptions about a browser window 's width , and adapt beautifully to devices that have portrait and landscape modes .
Huge images are huge .
Our layout , flexible though it is , doesn't respond well to changes in resolution or viewport size .
But no design , fixed or fluid , scales seamlessly beyond the context for which it was originally intended .
The example design scales perfectly well as the browser window resizes , but stress points quickly appear at lower resolutions .
When viewed at viewport smaller than 800600 , the illustration behind the logo quickly becomes cropped ,
navigation text can wrap in an unseemly manner , and the images along the bottom become too compact to appear legible .
And it is not just the lower end of the resolution spectrum that is affected : when viewing the design on a widescreen display , the images quickly grow to unwieldy sizes , crowding out the surrounding context .
In short , our flexible design works well enough in the desktop - centric context for which it was designed , but is not optimized to extend far beyond that .
Becoming responsive Recently , an emergent discipline called " responsive architecture " has begun asking how physical spaces can respond to the presence of people passing through them .
Through a combination of embedded robotics and tensile materials , architects are experimenting with art installations and wall structures that bend , flex , and expand as crowds approach them .
Motion sensors can be paired with climate control systems to adjust a room 's temperature and ambient lighting as it fills with people .
Companies have already produced " smart glass technology " that can automatically become opaque when a room 's occupants reach a certain density threshold , giving them an additional layer of privacy .
In their book Interactive Architecture , Michael Fox and Miles Kemp described this more adaptive approach as " a multiple - loop system in which one enters into a conversation ;
a continual and constructive information exchange . " Emphasis mine , as I think that is a subtle yet powerful distinction :
rather than creating immutable , unchanging spaces that define a particular experience , they suggest inhabitant and structure can  and should  mutually influence each other .
This is our way forward .
Rather than tailoring disconnected designs to each of an ever - increasing number of web devices , we can treat them as facets of the same experience .
We can design for an optimal viewing experience , but embed standards - based technologies into our designs to make them not only more flexible , but more adaptive to the media that renders them .
In short , we need to practice responsive web design .
But how ?
Meet the media query Since the days of CSS 2.1 , our style sheets have enjoyed some measure of device awareness through media types .
If you have ever written a print style sheet , you are already familiar with the concept :
In the hopes that we would be designing more than neatly formatted page printouts , the CSS specification supplied us with a bevy of acceptable media types ,
each designed to target a specific class of web - ready device .
But most browsers and devices never really embraced the spirit of the specification , leaving many media types implemented imperfectly , or altogether ignored .
Thankfully , the W3C created media queries as part of the CSS3 specification , improving upon the promise of media types .
A media query allows us to target not only certain device classes , but to actually inspect the physical characteristics of the device rendering our work .
For example , following the recent rise of mobile WebKit , media queries became a popular client - side technique for delivering a tailored style sheet to the iPhone , Android phones , and their ilk .
To do so , we could incorporate a query into a linked style sheet 's media attribute :
The query contains two components :
a media type ( screen , ) and the actual query enclosed within parentheses , containing a particular media feature ( max-device-width ) to inspect , followed by the target value ( 480px . )
In plain English , we are asking the device if its horizontal resolution ( max-device-width ) is equal to or less than 480px .
If the test passes  in other words , if we are viewing our work on a small - screen device like the iPhone  then the device will load shetland.css .
Otherwise , the link is ignored altogether .
Designers have experimented with resolution - aware layouts in the past , mostly relying on JS - driven solutions like Cameron Adams ' excellent script .
But the media query specification provides a host of media features that extends far beyond screen resolution , vastly widening the scope of what we can test for with our queries .
What is more , you can test multiple property values in a single query by chaining them together with the and keyword :
Furthermore , we are not limited to incorporating media queries in our links . We can include them in our CSS either as part of a @ media rule :
@ media screen and ( max-device-width : 480px ) { . column { float : none ; } }
Or as part of an @ import directive :
@ import url ( " shetland.css ) " screen and ( max-device-width : 480px ) ;
Or as part of an @ import directive :
@ import url ( " shetland.css ) " screen and ( max-device-width :
480px ) ;
But in each case , the effect is the same :
If the device passes the test put forth by our media query , the relevant CSS is applied to our markup .
Media queries are , in short , conditional comments for the rest of us .
Rather than targeting a specific version of a specific browser , we can surgically correct issues in our layout as it scales beyond its initial , ideal resolution .
Adapt , respond , and overcome Let us turn our attention to the images at the base of our page .
In their default layout , the relevant CSS currently looks like this : .
figure { float :
left ;
margin :
0 3.317535545023696682 % 1.5em 0 ; / *
21px / 633px * / width :
31.121642969984202211 % ; / *
197px / 633px * / } li#f - mycroft , li#f - winter { margin-right :
0 ; }
I have omitted a number of typographic properties to focus on the layout :
Each . figure element is sized at roughly one third of the containing column , with the right - hand margin zeroed out for the two pictures at the end of each row ( li#f - mycroft , li#f - winter . )
And this works fairly well , until the viewport is either noticeably smaller or wider than our original design .
With media queries , we can apply resolution - specific spotfixes , adapting our design to better respond to changes in the display .
Don't mind the unsightly percentages ; we are simply recalculating the widths of the fluid grid to account for the newly linearized layout .
In short , we are moving from a three - column layout to a two - column layout when the viewport 's width falls below 400px , making the images more prominent .
We can actually take the same approach for widescreen displays , too .
For larger resolutions , we could adopt a six - across treatment for our images , placing them all in the same row : @
media screen and ( min-width : 1300px )
{ . figure , li#f - mycroft { margin-right : 3.317535545023696682 %; / * 21px / 633px * / width : 13.902053712480252764 % ; / * 88px / 633px * / } }
Now our images are working beautifully at both ends of the resolution spectrum , optimizing their layout to changes in window widths and device resolution alike .
By specifying a wider min-width in a new media query , we can shift our images into a single row layout .
But this is only the beginning .
Working from the media queries we have embedded in our CSS , we can alter much more than the placement of a few images :
we can introduce new , alternate layouts tuned to each resolution range , perhaps making the navigation more prominent in a widescreen view , or repositioning it above the logo on smaller displays .
By designing responsively , we can not only linearize our content on smaller devices , but also optimize its presentation across a range of displays .
But a responsive design isn't limited to layout changes .
Media queries allow us to practice some incredibly precise fine-tuning as our pages reshape themselves :
we can increase the target area on links for smaller screens , better complying with Fitts ' Law on touch devices ;
selectively show or hide elements that might enhance a page 's navigation ;
we can even practice responsive typesetting to gradually alter the size and leading of our text , optimizing the reading experience for the display providing it .
A few technical notes It should be noted that media queries enjoy incredibly robust support among modern browsers .
Desktop browsers such as Safari 3 , + Chrome , Firefox 3.5 , + and Opera 7 + all natively parse media queries , as do more recent mobile browsers such as Opera Mobile and mobile WebKit .
Of course , older versions of those desktop browsers don't support media queries .
And while Microsoft has committed to media query support in IE 9 , Internet Explorer currently doesn't offer a native implementation .
However , if you are interested in implementing legacy browser support for media queries , there is a JavaScript - tinted silver lining :
A jQuery plugin from 2007 offers somewhat limited media query support , implementing only the min-width and max-width media properties when attached to separate link elements .
More recently , css3-mediaqueries.js was released , a library that promises " to make IE 5 , + Firefox 1 + and Safari 2 transparently parse , test , and apply CSS3 Media Queries " when included via @ media blocks .
While very much a 1.0 release , I have personally found it to be quite robust , and I plan to watch its development .
But if using JavaScript doesn't appeal , that is perfectly understandable .
13.902053712480252764 % ; / *
The way forward Fluid grids , flexible images , and media queries are the three technical ingredients for responsive web design , but it also requires a different way of thinking .
Rather than quarantining our content into disparate , device - specific experiences , we can use media queries to progressively enhance our work within different viewing contexts .
That is not to say there is not a business case for separate sites geared toward specific devices ;
for example , if the user goals for your mobile site are more limited in scope than its desktop equivalent , then serving different content to each might be the best approach .
But that kind of design thinking doesn't need to be our default .
Now more than ever , we are designing work meant to be viewed along a gradient of different experiences .
Responsive web design offers us a way forward , finally allowing us to " design for the ebb and flow of things " .
About the Author Ethan Marcotte is a web designer &amp; developer who cares deeply about beautiful design , elegant code , and the intersection of the two .
Over the years , Ethan has enjoyed working with such clients as the Sundance Film Festival , Stanford University , New York Magazine and The Today Show .
He swears profusely on Twitter , and would like to be an unstoppable robot ninja when he grows up .
His most recent book is Responsive Web Design .
KATIE LYDON , a British - born interior designer living in New York , likes to have a lot of trays around the house  and not just for entertaining .
" Trays are really useful for holding all your remote controls " ,
said Ms . Lydon , 38 , who was named one of five designers to watch in the June issue of Elle Dcor .
" You also have that little tray on the hall table to hold your keys .
Then something for drinks by the pool .
Then something else for supper in front of the TV " .
In her design for the Nurse Jackie lounge at this year 's Showtime show house ( open through Oct . 24 , at Cassa Hotel and Residences , 70 West 45th Street , )
she used a walnut tray to hold a small collection of bud vases .
For nonfictional clients , she often uses a tray to hold a small stack of books on a coffee table or a decorative composition .
Shopping for trays suitable for a variety of purposes , she began at Task in Williamsburg , Brooklyn ,
where she found a set of five made from dark Indian sheesham wood , with a grain that was " really pretty and pleasing " .
For something more casual , she visited Just Scandinavian in TriBeCa and picked out laminate trays with vivid patterns by Josef Frank that she thought would be ideal for everyday dining or meals in the garden .
Online , at Jayson Home &amp; Garden , she found petrified wood trays  rough-edged slabs on which " crackers and cheese would look beautiful " , she said .
But it was at the Suite New York showroom in Gramercy that she found the most versatile choice :
a set of thick wood trays by BassamFellows , which stack to create a side table when not in use .
" It is more than just an object " , she said , running her hands over the carved contours . " It is a piece of furniture " .
How to Capitalize When Underemployed
Many people these days realize that they are lucky to have jobs .
But for those who are bored out of their minds at work and know it is not the right time to make a job change , is there anything that can be done to make the most of being underemployed ?
Leverage it to your benefit , of course !
Try a few effective and even creative ways to do so .
Difficulty :
Moderately Easy Instructions
1 Remember that you are not alone .
Many people experience dissatisfaction at their jobs .
In fact , about 55 percent of American workers are reportedly underemployed and not engaged at work , which involves having a job that does not fully utilize your skills .
Underemployment is not just about boredom ;
you can have a job where you are occupied all day ,
but doing something menial that does not allow you to use your full potential .
This phenomenon can sour your attitude and runs rampant through many workplaces
and , yes , even during a recession .
2 Skip the Solitaire .
So you have asked for assignments , but your boss says things are slow .
Most employees would turn to something mind-numbing like a computer game .
But if you are new on the job , you can take advantage of getting to know the company and leveraging the benefits .
Regardless of whether you are new or not , it never looks good to be playing a game at your computer .
Find something else to do
in this case , something more productive .
3 Get to know your benefits .
You probably already know if you get health care , but now is the time to explore what else the company has to offer .
Get a copy of the employee manual and read the entire book .
Meet the HR director and ask about other benefits , including gym discounts and professional development training .
Maybe you can take a course to expand upon your work skills to pass the time
even if you do a self-taught course at your computer .
Things may be slow and new employees may have more time to be brought up to speed ,
but the key is to be doing something work - related even if you are not working on your usual projects .
4 Hit the water cooler to build relationships .
This is not a freebie pass to commiserate with other bored employees .
The goal here is to forge relationships that can benefit you in the future , whether it is for this company or another .
Get to know the organizational chart and determine who you want to get to know .
Stop by a corporate leader 's office and introduce yourself .
This could also land you more work to keep you occupied .
5 Consider a job change carefully .
Those who are underemployed or just bored to tears at their jobs can be desperate to make a switch .
If you decide you want to explore other opportunities , think about what you want to do .
If you do not yet have the number of years needed to advance , it may be a better idea to stay at your current job , avoid job hopping on your resume and take more professional development courses in your industry .
And if you do want out of this job , make the careful choice when accepting another job so you do not go back into the same underemployment situation .
Take career tests and find out what you are good at and evaluate your next move carefully .
Look for jobs discreetly so that if it doesn't work out , you do not lose the current job and wind up with nothing . 6 Explore other interests .
If your 9-to-5 gig is here to stay and you cannot leave or find more engaging projects , make your non-work hours special .
Do something engaging by taking up a hobby or spending time with people you enjoy .
Many people use this time to moonlight doing work they enjoy , and some take that a step further and prepare to open their own business .
IDG News Service  North Korea appears to have made its first full connection to the Internet .
The connection , planning for which has been going on for at least nine months , came as the reclusive country prepares to mark the 65th anniversary of the founding of the ruling Workers ' Party of Korea with a massive celebration and military parade .
A Web site for the country 's official news agency was the first to appear from among a group of 1,024 Internet addresses that had been reserved for North Korea but never used .
The Korea Central News Agency 's new Web site is different from one operated by a group in Tokyo and carries news and photos a day ahead of the Japanese site .
Other North Korea - linked Web sites and a recently launched Twitter feed operate from locations outside the country or via direct connections to China 's national Internet .
The site appeared as Pyongyang welcomed foreign journalists to the city to observe Sunday 's parade .
A press room for the journalists was set up at the Koryo Hotel and reporters were given full access to the Internet .
Typically visitors to Pyongyang are only able to make telephone calls or send e-mails through designated computers .
" The North Korean IT guys at the press room really know their stuff .
We are logged on " , wrote Melissa Chan , a correspondent for Al Jazeera , in a Twitter message .
She later appeared live on the channel via a Skype link .
" We have access to Facebook , Twitter and here I am able to Skype with you " , she said .
The access is extraordinary for a country that keeps such tight control on how its citizens communicate .
While Internet access is believed to be available to small group of elite members of the ruling party ,
the rest of the country is not permitted access to outside sources of news .
Radios are pre-tuned to state broadcasts , magazines and newspapers from other countries are banned and the only Web access available is to a nationwide intranet that doesn't link to sites outside of the country .
As PCs are unusual at home , most access is via terminals in libraries .
The first signs of a greater interest in the Internet came late last year when a batch of Internet addresses , long reserved for North Korea , were assigned to a North Korean - Thai joint venture .
The numeric IP addresses lie at the heart of communication on the Internet .
Every computer connected to the network needs its own address so that data can be sent and received by the correct servers and computers .
Without them , communication would be impossible .
Frequent monitoring of the addresses by IDG News Service repeatedly failed to turn up any use of them until now .
An analysis of the connection to the news agency Web site shows it is connected to the wider Internet via China Netcom .
It is impossible to tell if the access given to journalists in Pyongyang marks a turning point in the way the country regulates access to communications ,
or if it is simply a courtesy made available to create a good impression among journalists .
The founding anniversary of the Workers ' Party of Korea is a big deal for the country every year , but this year is especially important .
Kim Jong Eun , son of leader Kim Jong Il , has just taken his first position within the party , which rules North Korea .
His appointment to the party 's Central Committee and the Central Military Commission are first steps towards a likely future position as leader of the country .
Mobile phone cancer link unclear
The largest study to date on the safety of mobile phones has found no clear link to brain cancer ,
but researchers say further research is needed given the increasingly intensive use of the technology .
The study , by the World Health Organization 's International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC , ) appears this week in International Journal of Epidemiology .
" The results really don't allow us to conclude that there is any risk associated with mobile phone use , but ..
it is also premature to say that there is no risk associated with it " , says IARC 's director Dr Christopher Wild .
The study looked at almost 13,000 mobile phone users , including 2,708 people with glioma tumours and 2,409 people with meningioma tumours in 13 countries .
It found no increased risk of glioma or meningioma tumours after 10 years of using a mobile phone ,
although it found " suggestions of higher risk " for the heaviest users .
The heaviest users who reported using their phones on the same side of their heads had a 40% higher risk for gliomas and 15% for meningiomas ,
but the researchers said " biases and errors " prevent making a causal link .
Given that the heaviest users in the study talked an average of half an hour per day on their mobile phones ,
a figure which is not heavy by today 's standards , the researchers recommend further research .
The research , involved 21 scientists from the Interphone International Study Group , which received 19.2 million euros in funding , around 5.5 million euros ( A$7.7 ) of which came from industry sources .
Young people not included in study
The researchers also cited the need for the study of the impact of mobile phone use among young people , who were not included in the Interphone study .
The say it is not unusual for young people to use mobile phones for an hour or more a day .
" Observations at the highest level of cumulative call time and the changing patterns of mobile phone use 
particularly in young people , mean that further investigation of mobile phone use and brain cancer is merited " , says Wild .
The researchers noted , however , that the latest mobile phones have lower emissions ,
and the popularity of hands-free devices and texting reduce exposure to the head .
Caution urged Scientific Advisor to Cancer Council Australia , Professor Bernard Stewart agrees the findings merit further research .
" This study involves phone usage for 12 years at most
and therefore tells us little about any risk associated with mobile phone use over decades " , he says .
" In particular , insufficient time has passed since mobile phones were introduced to determine whether or not there is a risk in children " .
He says until there is research into this area , the Cancer Council recommends caution in relation to children .
" They should not use , or minimise their use , of mobile phones .
Anyone concerned about the harmful effects of electromagnetic energy should reduce their use of mobile phones , or employ hands-free technology " .
Puzzle points to study methods In some analyses of the Interphone study data ,
mobile telephone users appeared to have a lower risk of brain cancer than people who had never used one .
But researchers say this paradoxical finding suggests problems with the method , or inaccurate information from those who took part .
The study relied on people searching their memories , a method that can throw up inaccuracies
to estimate how much time they spent on their cell phones .
European scientists last month launched what will now become the biggest ever study into the effects of mobile phone use on long-term health .
It aims to track at least a quarter of a million of people in five European countries for up to 30 years .
This kind of study , called a prospective study , is considered more accurate because it does not require people to remember their cell phone use later but tracks it in real time .
Crystal Underworld
Encased in ice-cooled orange suits , scientists explore the Cave of Crystals , discovered a thousand feet ( 304 meters ) below Naica Mexico , in 2000 .
Expeditions in 2008 and 2009 uncovered biological mysteries , parallels with other planets , and the " Ice Palace " , an unexplored cavern lined with rare crystal formations ,
according to Into the Lost Crystal Caves , a National Geographic Channel documentary to premiere Sunday .
Published October 8 , 2010
Pictured in December 2009 , crystalline " cauliflower " sprouts from the floor and ceiling of the newfound Ice Palace ,
found about 500 feet ( 150 meters ) underground , above the Cave of Crystals .
In 2009 an explorer in the Cave of Crystals chills in the Ice Cube ( right , ) an air-cooled , plastic - sided tent intended to allow for two - hour missions in the Naica caves ' deadly heat and humidity .
In this cave 's extreme heat and moisture , though , the portable shelter never cooled down enough to bring the explorers ' overheated bodies back to safe levels .
So-called Excalibur rises from the floor of the Cave of Crystals .
The bladelike beam displays the jewel - like contours so far seen in no giant crystals outside the Cave of Crystals , according to mineralogist John Rakovan of Miami University in Ohio .
Like fiber optic threads , rare crystal formations sparkle on the floor of the newfound Ice Palace cave in 2009 .
Scientists Penelope Boston , Michael Spilde , and Danielle Winget ( left to right ) collect samples from a puddle in the Cave of Crystals in December 2009 .
Later , lab analysis revealed as many as 200 million viruses in a single drop of the cave 's water .
In the Cave of Crystals three scientists wear custom-made , 45-pound ( 25-kilograms ) cooling suits that extend mission times from 25 minutes to an hour .
Scientists rest in a cooling tent at an underground base camp outside the Cave of Crystals .
That cavern 's combination of 90 percent humidity and a temperature of 118 degrees Fahrenheit ( 48 degrees Celsius ) can kill an unprepared human in just 30 minutes .
The Cave of Crystals would naturally be filled with scorching water , were it not for industrial pumps that facilitate the mining of silver , zinc , lead , and other minerals in the caves .
Scientist Sandra Briceo Prieto examines a gypsum sample from the Cave of Crystals .
More than a hundred giant crystals have formed in the two-story - tall , football-field - size Cave of Crystals .
When choosing one product over another , the design of the packaging probably influences your decision far more than you realize .
Effective packaging design breaks away from the standard rules and conventions that we are accustomed to , giving the product a unique edge to stand out from the rest .
The packaging should appeal to your target market .
It is also vital to ensure that you are conveying the necessary information about the contents and quality of the product , while triggering the desired emotion in your customer .
Here are 50 beautifully designed packages that you can draw inspiration from .
Which ones are your favorites ?
How does package design influence your decision on a product ?
Please share your comments with us !
WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE DEEP , ELEGANT , OR BEAUTIFUL EXPLANATION ?
We Are Stardust Where did we come from ?
I find the explanation that we were made in stars to be deep , elegant , and beautiful .
This explanation says that every atom in each of our bodies was built up out of smaller particles produced in the furnaces of long-gone stars .
We are the byproducts of nuclear fusion .
The intense pressures and temperatures of these giant stoves thickened collapsing clouds of tiny elemental bits into heavier bits , which once fused , were blown out into space as the furnace died .
The heaviest atoms in our bones may have required more than one cycle in the star furnaces to fatten up .
Uncountable numbers of built-up atoms congealed into a planet ,
and a strange disequilibrium called life swept up a subset of those atoms into our mortal shells .
We are all collected stardust .
And by a most elegant and remarkable transformation , our starstuff is capable of looking into the night sky to perceive other stars shining .
They seem remote and distant , but we are really very close to them no matter how many lightyears away .
All that we see of each other was born in a star . How beautiful is that ?
Ambient lighting provides the general lighting for the space , setting the mood of the store and the general tone of the space .
Ambient lighting provides a general diffuse layer of uniform lighting .
Low light levels are considered 15 - 30 footcandles ,
and high light levels are considered in the 50 - 100 foot candle range .
Light levels vary depending on the store image .
Perimeter lighting helps define merchandising spaces and provides the vertical lighting necessary for wall displays and generally makes the space feel larger .
The purpose of perimeter lighting is to draw customers from the main aisle into the merchandising space .
Architectural Lighting
Create an experience .
Incite a feeling .
Define a brand .
Make a memory .
All of this can be achieved with the right architectural lighting .
Create intimacy within vastness , provide privacy , inspire a moment , all within the conventional boundaries of the built environment .
Cove Lighting Opens the space , elevating the ceiling and enhancing the architecture with long shadow free uninterrupted lines of light .
Provides a sense of openness and spaciousness .
Wall Washing Draws the customer into the space and builds depth .
High intensities can increase the perceived brightness of the space .
Dressing Rooms
The dressing room is where the purchase decision is made .
High quality of light is needed to provide form and texture to the merchandise and make colors appear natural and realistic .
Lighting must be complimentary to the type of merchandise being sold .
Cash Wrap Final purchase decisions are made at the register as well as tasks performed by the cashier .
Point of Purchase displays require good illumination with good color rendering to highlight the merchandise .
Accent Lighting Accent Lighting emphasizes the shape , texture , finish and color of the product .
Point sources are ideal for accent lighting because they can be controlled and directed , providing the focal lighting required .
Luminaires and lamps used for accent lighting are typically described by performance characteristics such as beam spread .
Display Windows Attract customers with drama , engaging the passerby emotionally with intense white or colored light using uniform saturated illumination .
Feature Area &amp; Back Wall Provides visual clues about key products .
Highlights merchandise while drawing customers through the space by engaging their curiosity .
The now - famous " You are Not Special " graduation speech that went viral after its delivery to Wellesley High School graduates on June 1 has inspired its very own video contest , sponsored by Wellesley Media Corporation .
At Wellesley High 's commencement ceremony , English teacher David McCullough Jr . told the 2012 class ,
" You are not special .
You are not exceptional . "
Contrary to what your U9 soccer trophy suggests , your glowing seventh grade report card , despite every assurance of a certain corpulent purple dinosaur , that nice Mister Rogers and your batty Aunt Sylvia ,
no matter how often your maternal caped crusader has swooped in to save you 
you are nothing special . "
The terms of the contest are simple :
submit a two - minute video that demonstrates " why you ARE , in fact , SPECIAL . "
Finalists will be posted to the Media Corporation 's Facebook page , and whoever receives the most likes will win .
The very special winner will receive a $ 500 prize , a " ONE-OF-A-KIND trophy " ,
and a broadcast of their video on The Wellesley Channel .
The idea for a video contest had been kicking around Wellesley Media Corporation for a while , said Erich Archer , Creative Programming Director , who organized the contest .
When McCullough 's speech went viral , Archer said , it seemed like the perfect hook .
" It is not really a commentary on the speech " , he said .
" We are in the public eye for the time being , and we have a project we wanted to open to the public ,
so we decided to time it with the popularity of this speech . "
Indeed , the speech has over 1 million hits on YouTube .
The Los Angeles Times editorialized on the speech .
It was featured on NBC 's Today show and on Fox News .
The point of McCullough 's speech was that students should dream big and work hard not for the accolades , but for the deep satisfaction of living deliberately and with passion . "
As you commence , then , and before you scatter to the winds ,
I urge you to do whatever you do for no reason other than you love it and believe in its importance " , he said .
" You are not special " ,
he said at the end of the speech , " Because everyone is . "
So go ahead and make that video  but don't do it for the prize .
Submissions should be emailed to erich@wellesleymedia.org.
The deadline is July 15 ,
and finalists will be posted to the Facebook page .
The winner will be announced on Aug . 1 .
Evan Allen can be reached at evan.allen@globe.com
50 Simple Pleasures
Too often , I delve into the depths of simplicity without focusing on and acknowledging the simple pleasures that pass me by .
Today , I'd like to focus on those simple pleasures Enjoy .
The touch of an outreached baby 's hand .
Silence of morning in a park .
Taste of watermelon on a hot , summer day .
A deep breath after a long run .
Sounds of crashing waves under a full moon .
The feel of the ocean mist as you walk across a pier .
Kids playing carefree .
An ' Ah-Ha ' moment .
Being caught off guard by a beautiful person .
Sharing a sundae with your significant other .
Walking along your favorite outdoor location .
Pat on the back after completing a difficult task .
Telling someone how brilliant they are .
Waterfalls .
Standing in the rain , eyes closed , head tilted skyward .
Finding the solution to a difficult life problem .
Taking a day of rest to do random , enjoyable things .
The anticipation of waiting for a loved on to exit the terminal .
Finishing a workout that reduces all stress .
Crying from laughter .
Remembering the moment you were happiest .
Blaring , feeling , and singing along with your favorite tunes .
Being honored unexpectedly .
The taste of an ice-cold Hefeweizen .
Successfully cooking a meal with no idea what the recipe is .
Sharing with someone who lacks something we take for granted .
Butterflies .
Lying on the grass picturing the non-existent objects in the puffy white clouds above .
Finding your path .
The smell of fresh cut grass .
Planning a voyage .
Taking a voyage .
Coming home from a voyage .
Crossing the finish line .
Being accepted .
The cool side of the pillow .
Watching the sunrise in peace .
The first kiss .
Brushing a worry off your shoulders .
Being upgraded for free .
Watching others you helped succeed .
Laughter .
Rising before the alarm .
Receiving a hand-written letter in the mail .
Relaxing just to relax .
Finding cash in the dryer .
Giving something anonymously .
Smell of cookies baking .
Feeling serenity .
Being happy for another .
What she really wants is a break from the usual chores plus some quality time with the family .
18 free ways to celebrate Mother's Day
By MSN Money partner on Wed , May 02 , 2012 11 : 20 AM ET
This post comes from Annie Mueller at partner blog Wise Bread .
It 's not that Mom does n't deserve an extravagantly expensive celebration of her day .
It's just that over-the-top gifts and parties may not be feasible on a budget .
And speaking as a mom , I can say that what matters most to me on Mother's Day isn't the amount of money spent ( in fact , I get more of a kick out of saving money , usually . )
What makes Mother's Day special to me is two things :
getting a free pass out of normal mom work like laundry , cleaning , cooking and the like , and getting to spend time with my family .
Peruse the list below for plenty of ideas that won't cost you but will still make your mom feel special .
( See also :
" Mother's Day gifts that show you really care . " )
Give Mom the day off .
This should be the absolute minimum you do to celebrate Mother's Day , anyway :
Give her a day off from all the mundane stuff she does , without complaining , day after day .
Pitch in , get the whole family involved , and do the work for her .
Take the kids to the park and give Mom some quiet time .
Listen , I know a mom loves being with her kids but , especially for moms of young kids ,
having a little peace and quiet time is truly one of the ultimate gifts you can give .
Pack up the kids , go to the park for an hour or two ,
and leave Mom at home to nap , watch a movie in peace , read a book , or do her nails -- whatever she wants .
Make and deliver breakfast in bed .
Yes , it's as cliched as giving Dad a tie for Father's Day , but there's a good reason here .
Moms are usually the ones who hop ( or crawl ) out of bed and get everybody going in the morning .
She deserves a break .
Make a nice breakfast , deliver it to her in bed , and let her enjoy a morning off .
Take the family out for a picnic at the park .
Get in the kitchen and make some sandwiches , pasta salad , or some other portable meal .
Gather up all the picnic supplies ( try not to ask Mom what you should take . )
Then whisk everybody away to a local park for a picnic and some play time outdoors .
Take a walk , sit around , talk to people , play volleyball , or go at night and watch the stars .
Mom's choice .
Take a hike .
Picnic optional .
Scout out some new scenery in the area , gather up the gear , and take the family on a leisurely ( or energetic ) hike .
This is one of my favorite family activities .
I love being outside , and I love especially being outside with my family .
Scout your area for free concerts or events .
Several parks in my area have free concerts over the spring and summer .
There are also different festivals , farmers markets , plays , walks , and more .
Search for free local events and music in your area , and take the whole family .
Have a surprise party .
Not every mom will want a surprise party on Mother's Day , so be sensitive to what the mom in your life will enjoy .
I happen to love parties and especially love surprise parties ,
so the idea of having a surprise party on Mother's Day -- one at which the dads and kids are responsible for all the planning , prepping and cleanup -- sounds insanely fun .
You have to be serious about pulling this off right , though .
No fair planning it and then making Mom handle the cleanup .
Do it all .
Tackle a project together .
My mother-in-law has a longstanding request for Mother's Day .
She wants her " boys " to come over and help out with whatever current project is at hand .
We usually plan a casual lunch together sometime on Mother's Day weekend ,
then my father-in-law and the three grown-up boys go finish up the project while we girls either sit inside and corral the kids or go outside and cheer the men on .
It's a no-cost , fun and productive celebration .
Have a family movie night .
Family time is important for most moms ,
and finding time to do things together gets more and more difficult as kids get older and have their own social circles , jobs and events .
So dedicate Mother's Day night to a special family movie night .
Mom gets to pick the movies .
Dad and kids provide meal and / or movie-appropriate snacks , and everyone gets to settle in for some chill time together .
Make a memory book .
For the creatively minded , or for scrapbooking moms in general , having the whole family sit down for a couple of hours to put together a family memory book could be the perfect no-cost gift .
Gather supplies you already have :
an empty photo album , pretty papers , stickers , photos and the like .
Put an hour or two into it , and have ( or help ) each family member create a page individually and then put them in the book , or work on each page as a team .
Create a treasure hunt for Mom .
Kids aren't the only ones who like treasure hunts .
Put some time into thinking up fun clues ,
then hide little treats or coupons for stuff Mom will like ( such as " a night out " or " you get to pick the movie , and no one complains ) " and let her discover them .
Follow along with a camera .
Set up a girls ' night in for Mom .
If Mom hasn't had a chance to get together with girlfriends lately , why not make Mother's Day evening a special time for that ?
Invite a few of her best friends over , then get out of the way .
Out of the house , actually , would probably be best .
Let them talk , relax and enjoy some kid-free and spouse-free time together .
Take a family bike ride .
This is a great way to both kick off the summer season of great outdoor family adventures and to celebrate Mother's Day ,
so get the bikes out of the garage and into shape , find a nearby trail , and head out for a family bike ride .
It's a good way to work off that fabulous lunch you made for Mom , anyway .
Visit a free local attraction .
We often forget to be like tourists in our own towns .
Here in my city , there's an award-winning free zoo , a free art museum , and a free history museum , plus many parks , nature reserves and historical sites .
Take the day to visit some you haven't seen before .
Have a family pajama party .
Have everybody get comfy , throw on some fun music , and cook up breakfast for dinner while Mom gets to relax .
Eat a leisurely meal , talk about family plans , and play a few games .
Then tuck the kids into bed so Mom and Dad can continue the pajama party in their own room .
Create a new tradition .
Traditions help us create memories and give us touchstones as a family ,
common points of connection we can come back to even as we grow up , move away , pursue different dreams .
Use Mother's Day to come up with a new family tradition , then make it something you repeat at significant times .
It could be as simple as saying a family prayer or taking a family photo .
Smart Spending on the go :
Get our app for Android or iPhone
Volunteer together .
Does Mom have a special cause she's passionate about ?
Volunteer your time as a family and find a way to give back together .
Spending a few hours together while helping others will be a gift to Mom ,
and will benefit you as a family as you build closer relationships and learn to appreciate your blessings .
Plan a group outing .
If Mom is a social creature , then expand the family outing into a group outing .
One of the things Mom is often responsible for is planning the social events , so take over that role and let her just enjoy the interaction .
You can organize a picnic in the park , a group hike or bike ride , or meet up with friends for one of those free local events .
Then cough up the money for some ice cream afterward .
During New York Fashion Week , designers will present looks that you might find in a department store next spring ..
or , as knockoffs at Forever 21 .
That's because copying fashion designs is perfectly legal  and that's a good thing , if you ask Kal Raustiala .
Raustiala is the co-author of a new book called The Knockoff Economy : How Imitation Sparks Innovation .
He talks with NPR's Renee Montagne about who copies fashion designs ,
why it's legal and how copying ultimately benefits the consumer and the industry .
Interview Highlights On why copying is a good thing for the fashion industry
" The first is that fashion relies on trends , and trends rely on copying .
So you can think of copying as a turbocharger that spins the fashion cycle faster ,
so things come into fashion faster , they go out of fashion faster ,
and that makes fashion designers want to come up with something new because we want something new .
We're sick of what's out there . "
The second is that copying helps condense the market into something that consumers can understand ,
so people want to follow trends , they want to be able to dress in a way that's in style ;
they have to understand that .
" On the winners , the losers and the ' big picture ' " There are designers that get hurt by knockoffs .
And we're very sympathetic to that .
But when we think about what our law should permit , we need to think about the big picture :
What's going to grow this industry and make it successful , create jobs , create a robust sector .
And in doing that , I think it's clear that the American approach is to allow copying in the apparel industry .
" On why fashion is not protected under copyright law
" Copyright law does not address things that are useful .
So , for example , clothing , we have tended to think about in American law as something that 
you know , we wear it to stay warm , to cover our bodies , so it has a functional dimension .
So as a result , it's not considered a proper subject for copyright .
Copyright is really meant for things like forms of art , literature , poetry , music , film , etc .
Now , of course , fashion has a big artistic component to it . ..
It could be [ protected by patent laws , ] and sometimes fashion items are .
So , for example , handbags and shoes sometimes are covered by design patents .
But , it's unusual to do that because ,
1 ) it's very expensive to get a patent , and
2 ) patents require a standard of novelty and originality that's often hard to reach in the fashion industry ,
where many things are reworkings of previous things .
" On who copies in fashion "
We tend to think about copying and knockoffs as something that either happens in a store like Forever 21 ,
or some of these firms that specialize in knockoff dresses , like Prom Girl or Faviana ,
which are companies where you literally go to their websites and they say :
Here's the original , and here's our version of it .
And they're very upfront about it .
They don't try to hide it . They trumpet that fact .
Now , that 's a big part of the knockoff industry in fashion .
But at the higher levels you see it as well .. there 's a little more stuble .
[ and ] there's even been , in other countries , where copying in the fashion industry is illegal , there have even been lawsuits about it .
[ Ralph Lauren lost in a lawsuit brought by Yves Saint Laurent in France ] .
On consumers , who reap the benefits of copying and competition " By no means is copying limited to the lower end .
But I think in practice , the majority of copying that we see in the fashion industry is lower down in price .
And that has some positive effects .
So , regardless of the effects on the industry overall ,
it's good for consumers in the sense that copying breeds competition .
When you have copies , it means you have multiple things competing in the marketplace that are similar .
And if they compete on price , then consumers have an option that they wouldn't otherwise have . "
CHAPTER III THE VICTIM OF TREACHERY
There came again the running rattle of rifle-firing from the valley below the fort ,
and Muriel Roscoe , lying on her couch , pressed both hands to her eyes and shivered .
It seemed impossible that the end could be so near .
She felt as if she had existed for years in this living nightmare of many horrors ,
had lain down and had slept with that dreadful sound in her ears from the very beginning of things .
The life she had led before these ghastly happenings had become so vague a memory that it almost seemed to belong to a previous existence ,
to an earlier and a happier era .
As in a dream she now recalled the vision of her English school-life .
It lay not a year behind her ,
but she felt herself to have changed so fundamentally since those sunny , peaceful days that she seemed to be a different person altogether .
The Muriel Roscoe of those days had been a merry , light-hearted personality .
She had revelled in games and all outdoor amusements .
Moreover , she had been quick to learn , and her lessons had never caused her any trouble .
A daring sprite she had been , with a most fertile imagination and a longing for adventure that had never been fully satisfied , possessing withal
so tender and loving a heart that the very bees in the garden had been among her cherished friends .
She remembered all the sunny ideals of that golden time .
when she might join her father in the wonderful glowing East which she so often pictured in her dreams .
and marvelled at herself , forgetting utterly the eager , even passionate , craving that had then been hers for the wider life , the broader knowledge , that lay beyond her reach ,
forgetting the feverish impatience with which she had longed for the day of her emancipation .
Of her mother she had no memory .
She had died at her birth .
Her father was all the world to her ;
and when at last he had travelled home on a brief leave and taken her from her quiet English life to the strange , swift existence of the land of his exile ,
her soul had overflowed with happiness .
Nevertheless , she had not been carried away by the gaieties of this new world .
The fascinations of dance and gymkhana had not caught her .
The joy of being with her father was too sacred and too precious to be foregone for these lesser pleasures ,
and she very speedily decided to sacrifice all social entertainments to which he could not accompany her .
She rode with him , camped with him , and became his inseparable companion .
Undeveloped in many ways , shy in the presence of strangers ,
she soon forgot her earlier ambition to see the world and all that it contained .
Her father's society was to her all-sufficing ,
and it was no sacrifice to her to withdraw herself from the gay crowd and dwell apart with him .
He had no wish to monopolise her , but it was a relief to him that the constant whirl of pleasure about her attracted her so little .
He liked to have her with him , and it soon became a matter of course that she should accompany him on all his expeditions .
She revelled in his tours of inspection .
They were so many picnics to her , and she enjoyed them with the zest of a child .
And so it came to pass that she was with him among the hills of the frontier ,
when , like a pent flood escaping , the storm of rebellion broke and seethed about them , threatening them with total annihilation .
No serious trouble had been anticipated .
A certain tract of country had been reported unquiet ,
and General Roscoe had been ordered to proceed thither on a tour of inspection and also , to a very mild degree , of intimidation .
Marching through the district from fort to fort , he had encountered no shadow of opposition .
All had gone well .
And then , his work over , and all he set out to do satisfactorily accomplished ,
his force towards India and his back to the mountains , the unexpected had come upon him like a thunderbolt .
Hordes of tribesmen , gathered Heaven knew how or whence , had suddenly burst upon him from the south , had cut off his advance by sheer immensity of numbers ,
and , hemming him in , had forced him gradually back into the mountain fastnesses through which he had just passed unmolested .
It was a stroke so wholly new , so subtly executed ,
that it had won success almost before the General had realised the weight of the disaster that had come upon him .
He had believed himself at first to be involved in a mere fray with border thieves .
But before he reached the fort upon which he found himself obliged to fall back , he knew that he had to cope with a general rising of the tribes ,
and that the means at his disposal were as inadequate to stem the rising flood of rebellion as a pebble thrown into a mountain stream to check its flow .
The men under his command , with the exception of a few officers , were all native soldiers ,
and he soon began to have a strong suspicion that among these he numbered traitors .
Nevertheless , he established himself at the fort , determined there to make his stand till relief should arrive .
The telegraph wires were cut , and for a time it seemed that all communication with the outside world was an impossibility .
Several runners were sent out , but failed to break through the besieging forces .
But at last after many desperate days there came a message from without 
a scrap of paper attached to a stone and flung over the wall of the fort at night .
News of the disaster had reached Peshawur , and Sir Reginald Bassett , with a hastily collected force , was moving to their assistance .
The news put heart into the garrison , and for a time it seemed that the worst would be averted .
But it became gradually evident to General Roscoe that the relieving force could not reach them in time .
The water supply had run very low , and the men were already subsisting upon rations that were scarcely sufficient for the maintenance of life .
There was sickness among them , and there were also many wounded .
The white men were reduced to four , including himself , the native soldiers had begun to desert ,
and he had been forced at last to face the fact that the end was very near .
All this had Muriel Roscoe come through , physically scathless , mentally torn and battered ,
and she could not bring herself to realise that the long-drawn-out misery of the siege could ever be over .
Lying there , tense and motionless ,
she listened to the shots and yells in the distance with a shuddering sense that it was all a part of her life ,
of her very being , even .
The torture and the misery had so eaten into her soul .
Now and then she heard the quick thunder of one of the small guns that armed the fort , and at the sound her pulses leaped and quivered .
She knew that the ammunition was running very low .
These guns did not often speak now .
Then , during a lull , there came to her the careless humming of a British voice , the free , confident tread of British feet , approaching her door .
She caught her breath as a hand rapped smartly upon the panel .
She knew who the visitor was , but she could not bring herself to bid him enter .
A sudden awful fear was upon her .
She could neither speak nor move .
She lay , listening intently , hoping against hope that he would believe her to be sleeping and go away .
The knock was not repeated .
Dead silence reigned .
And then quickly and decidedly the door opened , and Nick Ratcliffe stood upon the threshold .
The light struck full upon his face as he halted  a clever , whimsical face that might mask almost any quality good or bad .
" May I come in , Miss Roscoe " ?
he asked .
For she had not moved at his appearance . She lay as one dead .
But as he spoke she uncovered her face ,
and terror incarnate stared wildly at him from her starting eyes .
He entered without further ceremony , and closed the door behind him .
In the shaded lamplight his features seemed to twitch as if he wanted to smile .
So at least it seemed to her wrought-up fancy .
He gazed greedily at the plate of rice on the table as he came forward .
" Great Jupiter " !
" What a sumptuous repast " !
The total freedom from all anxiety or restraint with which he made this simple observation served to restore to some degree the girl's tottering self-control .
She sat up , sufficiently recovered to remember that she did not like this man .
" Pray have some if you want it " , she said coldly .
He turned his back on it abruptly .
" No , don't tempt me " , he said .
" It's a fast day for me .
I'm acquiring virtue , being conspicuously destitute of all other forms of comfort .
Why don't you eat it yourself ?
Are you acquiring virtue too ?
He stood looking down at her quizzically , under rapidly flickering eyelids .
She sat silent , wishing with all her heart that he would go away .
Nothing , however , was apparently further from his thoughts .
After a moment he sat down in the chair that her father had occupied an hour before .
It was very close to her , and she drew herself slightly away with a small , instinctive movement of repugnance .
But Nick was sublimely impervious to hints .
" I say , you know " , he said abruptly , " you shouldn't take opium .
Your donkey of an ayah ought to know better than to let you have it " .
Muriel gave a great start .
" I don't "  she faltered .
" I  I  " He shook his head at her , as though reproving a child .
" Pussy's out " , he observed .
" It is no good giving chase .
But really , you know , you mustn't do it .
You used to be a brave girl once , and now your nerves are all to pieces " .
There was a species of paternal reproach in his tone .
Looking at him , she marvelled that she had ever thought him young and headlong .
Almost in spite of herself she began to murmur excuses .
" I can't help it . I must have something .
I don't sleep .
I lie for hours , listening to the fighting .
It  it's more than I can bear " .
Her voice quivered ,
and she turned her face aside , unable to hide her emotion ,
but furious with herself for displaying it .
Nick said nothing at all to comfort her , and she bitterly resented his silence .
After a pause he spoke again , as if he had banished the matter entirely from his mind .
" Look here " , he said .
" I want you to tell me something .
I don't know what sort of a fellow you think I am , though I fancy you don't like me much .
But you're not afraid of me , are you ?
You know I'm to be trusted " ?
It was her single chance of revenge , and she took it .
" I have my father's word for it " , she said .
He nodded thoughtfully as if unaware of the thrust .
" Yes , your father knows me .
And so "  he smiled at her suddenly  " you are ready to trust me on his recommendation ?
You are ready to follow me blindfold through danger if I give you my hand to hold " ?
She felt a sharp chill strike her heart .
What was it he was asking of her ?
What did those words of his portend ?
" I don't know " , she said .
" I don't see that it makes much difference how I feel " .
" Well , it does " , he assured her .
" And that is exactly what I have come to talk about .
Miss Roscoe , will you leave the fort with me , and escape in disguise ?
I have thought it all out , and it can be done without much difficulty .
I do not need to tell you that the idea has your father 's full approval " .
They were her father's own words ,
but at sound of them she shrank and shivered ,
in sheer horror at the coolness with which they were uttered .
He might have been asking her to stroll with him in the leafy quiet of some English lane .
Could it be , she asked herself incredulously , could it be that her father had ever sanctioned and approved so ghastly a risk for her ?
She put her hand to her temples . Her brain was reeling .
How could she do this thing ?
How could she have permitted it to be even suggested to her ?
And then , swift through her tortured mind flashed his words :
" There will be an end .
I have had to face it to-night " .
Was it this that he had meant ?
Was it for this that he had been preparing her ?
With a muffled exclamation she rose , trembling in every limb .
" I can't " !
she cried piteously , " oh , I can't !
Please go away " !
It might have been the frightened prayer of a child , so beseeching was it , so full of weakness .
But Nick Ratcliffe heard it unmoved .
He waited a few seconds till she came to a stand by the table , her back towards him .
Then with a sudden quiet movement he rose and followed her .
" I beg your pardon " , he said .
" But you can't afford to shirk things at this stage .
I am offering you deliverance , though you don't realise it " .
He spoke with force , and if his aim had been to rouse her to a more practical activity , he gained his end .
She turned upon him in swift and desperate indignation .
Her voice rang almost harsh .
" How can you call it deliverance ?
It is at best a choice of two horrible evils .
You know perfectly well that we could never get through .
You must be mad to suggest such a thing .
We should be made prisoners and massacred under the very guns of the fort " .
" I beg your pardon " , he said again ,
and his eyelids quivered a little as if under the pressure of some controlled emotion .
" We shall not be made prisoners .
I know what I am saying .
It is deliverance that I am offering you .
Of course you can refuse , and I shall still do my utmost to save you .
But the chances are not equal .
I hope you will not refuse " .
The moderation of this speech calmed her somewhat .
In her first wild panic she had almost imagined that he could take her against her will .
She saw that she had been unreasonable , but she was too shaken to tell him so .
Moreover , there was still that about him , not withstanding his words ,
that made her afraid to yield a single inch of ground lest by some hidden means he should sweep her altogether from her precarious foothold .
Even in the silence , she felt that he was doing battle with her , and she did not dare to face him .
With a childish gesture of abandonment , she dropped into a chair and laid her head upon her arms .
" Oh , please go away " !
she besought him weakly .
" I am so tired  so tired " .
But Ratcliffe did not move .
He stood looking down at her ,
at the black hair that clustered about her neck , at the bowed , despairing figure , the piteous , clenched hands .
A little clock in the room began to strike in silvery tones , and he glanced up .
The next instant he bent and laid a bony hand upon her two clasped ones .
" Can't you decide " ?
he said . " Will you let me decide for you ?
Don't let yourself get scared .
You have kept so strong till now " .
Firmly as he spoke ,
there was somehow a note of soothing in his voice ,
and almost insensibly the girl was moved by it .
She remained silent and motionless ,
but the strong grip of his fingers comforted her subtly not withstanding .
" Come " , he said , " listen a moment and let me tell you my plan of campaign .
It is very simple , and for that reason it is going to succeed .
You are listening now " ?
His tone was vigorous and insistent .
Muriel sat slowly up in response to it .
She looked down at the thin hand that grasped hers , and wondered at its strength ;
but she lacked the spirit at that moment to resent its touch .
He leaned down upon the table , his face close to hers , and began to unfold his plan .
" We shall leave the fort directly the moon is down .
I have a disguise for you that will conceal your face and hair .
And I shall fake as a tribesman , so that my dearest friend would never recognise me .
They will be collecting the wounded in the dark , and I will carry you through on my shoulder as if I had got a dead relation .
You won't object to playing a dead relation of mine " ?
He broke into a sudden laugh , but sobered instantly when he saw her shrink at the sound .
" That's about all the plan " , he resumed .
" There is nothing very alarming about it , for they will never spot us in the dark .
I'm as yellow as a Chinaman already .
We shall be miles away by morning .
And I know how to find my way afterwards " .
He paused , but Muriel made no comment .
She was staring straight before her .
" Can you suggest any amendments " ?
he asked .
She turned her head and looked at him with newly-roused aversion in her eyes .
She had summoned all her strength to the combat , realising that now was the moment for resistance if she meant to resist .
" No , Mr . Ratcliffe " , she said , with a species of desperate firmness very different from his own .
" I have nothing to suggest .
If you wish to escape , you must go alone .
It is quite useless to try to persuade me any further .
Nothing  nothing will induce me to leave my father " .
Whether or not he had expected this opposition was not apparent on Nick's face .
It betrayed neither impatience nor disappointment .
" There would be some reason in that " ,
he gravely rejoined , " if you could do any good to your father by remaining .
Of course I see your point ,
but it seems to me that it would be harder for him to see you starve with the rest of the garrison than to know that you had escaped with me .
A woman in your position is bound to be a continual burden and anxiety to those who protect her .
The dearer she is to them , so much the heavier is the burden .
Miss Roscoe , you must see this . You are not an utter child .
You must realise that to leave your father is about the greatest sacrifice you can make for him at the present moment .
He is worn out with anxiety on your behalf , literally bowed down by it .
For his sake , you are going to do this thing , it being the only thing left that you can do for him " .
There was more than persuasion in his voice . It held authority .
But Muriel heard it without awe .
She had passed that stage .
The matter was too momentous to allow of weakness .
She had strung herself to the highest pitch of resistance as a hunted creature at bay .
She threw back her head , a look of obstinacy about her lips , her slight figure straightened to the rigidity of defiance .
" I will not be forced " , she said , in sharp , uneven tones .
" Mr . Ratcliffe , you may go on persuading and arguing till doomsday .
I will not leave my father " .
Ratcliffe stood up abruptly .
A curious glitter shone in his eyes , and the light eyebrows twitched a little .
She felt that he had suddenly ceased to do battle with her , yet that the victory was not hers .
And for a second she was horribly frightened , as though an iron trap had closed upon her and held her at his mercy .
He walked to the door without speaking and opened it .
She expected him to go , sat waiting breathlessly for his departure ,
but instead he stood motionless , looking into the dark passage .
She wondered with nerves on edge what he was waiting for .
Suddenly she heard a step without , a few murmured words , and Nick stood on one side .
Her father's Sikh orderly passed him , carrying a tray on which was a glass full of some dark liquid .
He set it down on the table before her with a deep salaam .
" The General Sahib wishes Missy Sahib to have a good night " , he said .
" He cannot come to her himself , but he sends her this by his servant , and he bids her drink it and sleep " .
Muriel looked up at the man in surprise .
Her father had never done such a thing before , and the message astonished her not a little .
Then , remembering that he had shown some anxiety regarding her appearance that evening , she fancied she began to understand .
Yet it was strange , it was utterly unlike him , to desire her to take an opiate .
She looked at the glass with hesitation .
" Give him my love , Purdu " ,
she said finally to the waiting orderly .
" Tell him I will take it if I cannot sleep without " .
The man bowed himself again and withdrew .
To her disgust , however , Nick remained .
He was looking at her oddly .
" Miss Roscoe " , he said abruptly , " I beg you , don't drink that stuff .
Your father must be mad to offer it to you .
Let me take the beastliness away " .
She faced him indignantly .
" My father knows what is good for me better than you do " , she said .
He shrugged his shoulders .
" I don't profess to be a sage .
But any one will tell you that it is madness to take opium in this reckless fashion .
For Heaven's sake , be reasonable .
Don't take it " .
He came back to the table , but at his approach she laid her hand upon the glass .
She was quivering with angry excitement .
" I will not endure your interference any longer " , she declared , goaded to headlong , nervous fury by his persistence .
" My father 's wishes are enough for me .
He desires me to take it , and so I will " .
She took up the glass in a sudden frenzy of defiance .
He had frightened her  yes , he had frightened her  but he should see how little he had gained by that .
She took a taste of the liquid , then paused , again assailed by a curious hesitancy .
Had her father really meant her to take it all ?
Nick had stopped short at her first movement ,
but as she began to lower the glass in response to that disquieting doubt ,
he swooped suddenly forward like a man possessed .
For a fleeting instant she thought he was going to wrest it from her ,
but in the next she understood  understood the man 's deep treachery ,
and with what devilish ingenuity he had worked upon her .
Holding her with an arm that felt like iron ,
he forced the glass back between her teeth ,
and tilted the contents down her throat .
She strove to resist him , strove wildly , frantically , not to swallow the draught .
But he held her pitilessly .
He compelled her , gripping her right hand with the glass , and pinning the other to her side .
When it was over , when he had worked his will and the hateful draught was swallowed ,
he set her free and turned himself sharply from her .
She sprang up trembling and hysterical .
She could have slain him in that instant had she possessed the means to her hand .
But her strength was more nearly exhausted than she knew .
Her limbs doubled up under her weight , and as she tottered , seeking for support ,
she realised that she was vanquished utterly at last .
She saw him wheel quickly and start to support her , sought to evade him , failed 
and as she felt his arms lift her , she cried aloud in anguished helplessness .
What followed dwelt ever after in her memory as a hideous dream , vivid yet not wholly tangible .
He laid her down upon the couch and bent over her , his hands upon her , holding her still ;
for every muscle , every nerve twitched spasmodically , convulsively , in the instinctive effort of the powerless body to be free .
She had a confused impression also that he spoke to her , but what he said she was never able to recall .
In the end , her horror faded ,
and she saw him as through a mist bending above her , grim and tense and silent , controlling her as it were from an immense distance .
And even while she yet dimly wondered , he passed like a shadow from her sight , and wonder itself ceased .
Half an hour later
Nicholas Ratcliffe , the wit and clown of his regiment , regarded by many as harebrained or wantonly reckless ,
carried away from the beleaguered fort among the hostile mountains the slight , impassive figure of an English girl .
The night was dark , populated by terrors alive and ghastly .
But he went through it as one unaware of its many dangers .
Light-footed and fearless ,
he passed through the midst of his enemies , marching with the sublime audacity of the dominant race , despising caution 
yea , grinning triumphant in the very face of Death .
Dr Dillner 's health dilemmas :
Should men become fathers before they are 40 ?
New research warns that older fathers may pass on mutations to their offspring .
So does that mean men should get on with parenting at an earlier age ?
Traditionally , it was the woman 's age that was thought to be most important in determining whether a couple have a healthy baby .
But a new paper published this month in Nature warns that older men have more genetic mutations in their sperm .
These mutations could increase the risk of conditions such as autism and schizophrenia , which both have sizeable inherited components .
The Icelandic researchers sequenced the genes of 78 trios of mum , dad and offspring .
They found that fathers passed on nearly four times as many new mutations ( most of which are harmless ) to their children as mothers did ,
and that a 36-year-old man passed on twice as many mutations as a man of 20 .
This is because sperm constantly multiplies , providing opportunities for errors to creep in each time the sperm divides its genetic material .
The average age of fathers is increasing , which suggests more mutations will happen .
In 1993 , only a quarter of new fathers were aged 34-54 ;
a decade later , this had risen to 40 % .
Is the risk as you get older enough to make a man's biological clock start ticking ?
The solution There are many studies showing associations between the age of fathers and increases in the risks of rare genetic conditions
such as achondroplasia ( short limb dwarfism . )
Other conditions include cleft lip and palate , a threefold increase in retinoblastomas ( a childhood cancer of part of the eye ) and other illnesses later in life ,
such as breast and prostate cancer .
The Malaysian Mental Health Survey found people whose fathers were at least 11 years older than their mothers had an increased risk of anxiety , depression and obsessive-compulsive disorders .
It may also take longer for older men to become fathers .
Men start to have reduced fertility by their late 30s and , if over 40 , increase the risk of their partner having an early miscarriage .
The age of the mother is still the more important factor in the likelihood of getting pregnant and having a miscarriage ,
but once a man is over 40 , his reduction in fertility contributes to the overall risk .
Many of the above conditions are not caused by one mutation and may be influenced by environmental factors ,
such as whether a father drinks or smokes .
These can influence how genes behave rather than disturb their structure .
But the studies only show associations and the research is not strong enough to suggest babies of older men should be tested like those of older mothers .
Doctors now think that early - to mid-30s is a good age to have children , for both men and women .
It's worth noting that while only 2 % of men who were fathers at the age of 25 will have died before their child is 18 ,
this rises to 12 % by the age of 45 , which is a more convincing reason for getting on with parenthood .
Last year , astronomers reported that extrasolar planets may outnumber stars in our galaxy by almost a two-to-one margin ,
and that three-quarters of these worlds are likely to be free-floaters , not bound to any star .
Scientists speculated that many of these homeless planets were slung out of their parent solar systems as a result of gravitationally unstable orbits .
But new computer simulations blame more exotic causes .
One possibility is stars literally pushing the planets into interstellar space after the suns reach the end of their normal hydrogen-burning lives and begin expanding into red giants .
Other scenarios involve gravitational perturbations ,
either caused by passing stars , a solar system entering and exiting our galaxy's gravitationally dense spiral arms ,
or even via interactions with dense molecular clouds .
But the most likely reason ,
researchers report in a paper accepted for publication in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society ,
is that these extrasolar planets would simply be ejected by the gravitational forces that result when their parent stars get jostled about inside tightly-packed star clusters .
My friend Oliver is 12 years old .
I give his single mom a break every now and then , and he comes over to hang out .
He's a whiz on a skateboard , has some killer dance moves , and radiates angelic sweetness .
" You're a good person " , he said to me once , apropos of nothing , getting me all choked up .
He sees the best in everyone , though his own life has included years in a homeless shelter and an abusive dad .
Recently , I saw Oliver on a sunny California day .
We were outside at the pool , eating watermelon and relaxing .
He loves to talk about his Xbox or Weird Al YouTube videos .
Instead of going there , I asked Oliver , " Read any good books lately " ?
In response , he mumbled , " I guess " .
Books aren't Oliver's thing .
I know he'd rather talk about basketball , or sneakers , but I wouldn't , and I was on a mission .
" What's your favorite book " ?
I asked .
" I don't know " , he said , staring off into the distance .
Oliver reads only when absolutely required to .
You'd never find Oliver sneaking a book under the blankets with a flashlight , as I did growing up .
( The midnight glow from his bed would be an iPhone app ) .
When I had this moment with him , I was in the midst of writing ,
" Swagger : 10 Urgent Rules for Raising Boys in an Era of Failing Schools , Mass Joblessness and Thug Culture " .
I had been researching all the cultural forces that are dumbing down our boys .
So I needed to drill down to the root of the issue .
" Do you like reading , Oliver " ?
I asked him .
" Sure " , he said , unconvincingly , in that way kids tell you the answer they know you want to hear .
" Really " ?
" Well , like , if there's nothing else to do , it's okay " , he allowed .
" Like if you can't play sports or watch video games or play with your friends " .
There's a ringing endorsement .
" Do you think reading is girlie " ?
I asked -- an appalling attitude I'd found in my research -- keeping my face as flat as possible .
I'd first read that in Peg Tyre 's " The Trouble With Boys " , and I'd found this attitude in many boys I interviewed .
Last year , I wrote " How to Talk to Little Girls " , and I was thrilled when it went viral , being read and shared by millions around the world .
Parents were passionate about encouraging girls to embrace their intelligence and love reading .
What I didn't realize was that getting parents to instill the same love of literacy in boys was much harder ,
due to our cultural stereotype that boys are better for more active activities , like sports .
" No " , Oliver said he didn't think reading is girlie , possibly giving me the answer he believed I wanted .
But then , he blurted out , " A lot of my friends do " !
" Why do you suppose they think that " ?
" Because we'd rather do stuff " , he said , gaining steam now on behalf of his " friends " .
" When you're reading you're just sitting there .
Girls don't mind sitting around , but we'd rather be skateboarding or something where we're doing something " .
I didn't get sidetracked and tell him that , hello , we do mind just sitting there .
Instead , I pressed on and asked what books he has enjoyed .
Oliver could name only one book series he likes , " 39 Clues " .
" Did you know that reading used to be considered more of a boy thing " ?
I continued .
He looked out at the horizon , enduring my questions .
" No . Can we go swimming now " ?
The implications of the news that girls have surpassed boys in reading --
at every grade level , in all 50 states --
and that girls are graduating high school and college with better grades and in larger numbers have not been fully absorbed by parents of boys .
Show me a valedictorian , and odds are she's a she .
Top 10 percent of your kid's class ?
Probably crowded with girls .
Bottom 10 percent ?
Where the boys are .
Some parents , even teachers , have a fatalistic attitude about this , and reduce expectations for boys .
The new cultural trope is that girls naturally mature faster ,
that they have better innate verbal skills ,
and so pushing young boys to read is unrealistic and vaguely unfair to their boyness .
( Then how do we explain that all three winners of the last Google science fair were girls ?
Do we now believe that girls are just better at everything ) ?
Let ' em be boys !
Let ' em play !
No . We cannot accept diminished prospects for our sons , because the implications for their lives are so dire .
There's nothing innately male about illiteracy .
Boys today do worse on national reading tests compared to their own gender a generation ago .
There's no mystery as to why boys have slipped .
Boys read significantly less than girls , and less than their dads did when they were kids .
Nine out of 10 boys today do not read for pleasure -- at all .
As one boy put it :
" I'd rather be BURNED AT THE STAKE than read a book " !
Where do boys get this new , crazy idea that reading is " girlie ? "
From us .
After all , Mom is usually the one who reads for pleasure at home , not Dad .
( Women read almost twice as many books as men . )
Typically , Mom reads the kids their bedtime story .
Mom takes the children to the library or the bookstore .
Dad throws a ball with them .
At school they are read to or encouraged to read on their own by their ( usually ) female teachers , while their team coaches are ( generally ) male .
Children's books reinforce this by portraying girls more often as readers and boys more often in action roles in illustrations in children's books .
( Think Hermione Granger , the prodigious bookworm , in the Harry Potter books ) .
For birthdays , holidays , or " just because " , we give books as gifts more often to girls and sporting equipment to boys .
Kids get the message early , despite our best intentions :
Girls read , boys do not .
Time to turn that ship around .
Because the path for our nonreading boys is perilous , truly .
Poor readers - mostly boys -- struggle to read textbooks and tests in all subjects .
They get suspended , expelled , flunk out and drop out at alarming rates -
the majority of our African-American and Latino boys ( who have the lowest reading proficiency of all ) drop out of high school ,
with white boys faring only slightly better --
why isn't this the lead story on every newscast ?
While writing " Swagger " , I looked closely at the soul-crushing forces that pound our boys :
popular music that celebrates punching your girlfriend , gunning down your rival , attacking gay men , popping pills .
Education cuts that leave teachers out in the cold , literally -- teaching classes outside --
or begging for books for their overcrowded first-grade classrooms on charity websites .
Uneven law enforcement sweeps in working-class neighborhoods that can land a minor in adult prison for years on a first-time drug-possession offense .
New prisons are being built every day , waiting to house the next generation of American boys .
Oliver's not going there . Not on my watch .
The good news is that the research offers clear , cheap , doable solutions , starting with raising expectations ,
rewarding values of humility and effort , and minimizing his " screen " time ( TV , video games , computers . )
After combing through the studies , interviewing parents , teachers , and experts , I came up with 10 rules for raising smart , strong , ready-for-the-real-world boys .
Parents , I hope you'll read them all in " Swagger " , but here's an important one right now :
Make your home a reading mecca .
Model for your boy that reading is your default pleasure activity , one you take up eagerly and put down reluctantly .
Kids with parents who read for pleasure are six times more likely to do so themselves -- and their grades shoot up .
Which is why I talk about the books I love , and ask kids about their favorites , every chance I get .
I'm intentionally role modeling for them that books and ideas are something adults value .
Before I let him jump in the pool , I told Oliver that I'd just read the entire unsettling Hunger Games trilogy , recommended to me by my daughter .
" This may be too violent for you " , I said , calculatingly .
" Hm , I don't know , you're probably too young for it " .
I wasn't born yesterday .
Oliver 's eyes shone .
" I heard about that one !
I heard there are games and kids fight to the death " !
Then , " I'm not too young for it " !
I'm not above manipulating a 12-year-old to get him to read , and you shouldn't be either .
Check out my lengthy " Books Boys Love " reading list at the end of " Swagger " ,
ask his teacher or school librarian what's hot with boys right now ,
get him to read the book before seeing the movie .
Take him to the library , the bookstore , book festivals .
Bring him to lectures at your local college and author events in your town or online .
( I call on kids first at my events ) .
Program all his favorite grown-ups to enthuse about their favorite books in his presence .
Put up bookshelves in every room in your house , yes , even in that favorite male reading venue , the bathroom .
Read to him , read with him , read side-by-side nightly .
Listen to audio books together in the car .
When you're called to dinner , beg to finish your chapter , and let him finish his .
Push reading as if his life depends on it .
Because , just about , it does .
We all like to think of ourselves as badasses .
But what would you really do if faced with death ?
How would you react to being dropped out of a plane without a parachute , or buried alive ?
After crapping your pants , that is .
Well these people survived all of that and more ,
slapping Death in the face and telling it to go make them a sandwich .
Vesna Vulovic 1 , Mountain 0 Who was she ?
Vesna Vulovic was a stewardess back in the ' 70s working on a Serbian airline .
How She Stared Down Death :
Except for surviving countless ass gropings during her time as a stewardess there was really nothing special about this lady .
Oh yeah , except for the fact that she fell 33,000 fucking feet and lived to tell the tale .
On January 26 , 1972 our gal was working an extra shift due to a clerical error .
She took the shift anyway to earn a little extra scratch , probably to supplement her bear-wrestling hobby or something .
Anyway , some terrorists decided to blow up her plane and succeeded in doing so
at the worst possible time , when the plane was really high up in the air .
Like this , only six miles in the air
Not only did she survive the explosion that blew the plane into pieces ,
but she was the only person to live after hitting the side of the mountain .
Normally this would totally suck by itself , but it was winter so the mountain was also frozen
which probably made it feel like she hit it after falling 33,000 and 10 feet .
Now because we're talking about reality and not a cartoon ,
she did in fact break a bunch of bones and fell into a coma ,
but when she woke up she looked around and asked for a cigarette .
Apparently flipping Death the bird really gives you cravings .
Not convinced ?
Did we tell you she was left paralyzed ..
but then regained her ability to walk through sheer force of will and balls-out effort .
She also didn't suffer any of those New Age , sissy boy " psychological effects " either
and continued to fly like nothing happened .
As a bonus she collected a Guinness World Record for her troubles .
Want to see if you're as tough ?
No problem all you have to do is jump off the equivalent of 26 Empire State Buildings .
In case you're wondering , a fall like that takes about three minutes ,
which should be plenty of time to contemplate death
( and every single bad decision you've made in your life )
and after that , don't forget to live , break your back , fall into a coma ,
become paralyzed and then recover , which we figure is the hard part .
Aron Ralston Hacks Off His Own Fucking Arm Who was he ?
A mechanical engineer at Intel .
You know those engineers are renowned for being tough guys .
How He Stared Down Death :
No biggie , all he did was take a hike in the woods and came out five days later ,
missing an arm , which he had to cut off himself .
Seems Aron was big on mountain climbing , which by itself is pretty manly , but not enough to get him on this list .
Except during this particular hike a boulder fell on him , pinning his arm .
For five days he worked to push the rock off and finally realized he would die unless he took drastic action .
Because the prospect of cutting off your arm may not impress some of you hardcore readers ,
we need to point out that he first had to break his arm by snapping it against the same rock pinning him down .
Then came the hard part , cutting through the flesh .
Lucky for Aron he had a multi-use tool .
Unluckily for Aron it was a piece of crap knock-off that he probably got from an aunt at Christmas .
Plus saying that he was lucky to have the tool to cut through his arm is kind of like saying
you're lucky to have Chapstick on your lips while your head is on fire .
Death wasn't about to give up easily though , and after cutting through the flesh ,
Aron had to use the pliers to cut through the tendons that the knife couldn't cut .
If you feel like the details presented thus far aren't quite gruesome enough ,
here's a nice interview where Ralston describes how the flesh on his arm already started to rot into mush by the time he got free :
Finally he freed himself , gave Death one last manly smile and found some help .
He ended up losing the arm but had it replaced by a bitching climbing ax ,
accomplishing in one step what we hope evolution does for the rest of us over the next few million years .
Jim Thompson POW and Legendary Badass Who was he ?
Jim was just a store clerk , until he decided he could probably impress more girls by telling them he was a Green Beret , which he became .
How He Stared Down Death :
During the Vietnam War , Jim was captured and held as a prisoner of war , at which time he was beaten and tortured .
The time we're speaking of by the way was a period of nine years ,
giving him a pretty bittersweet record for being held as a POW .
His plane was shot down in 1964 , with Jim taking a bullet and breaking his back in the process .
Surviving that part would have been enough of a harrowing story for most people to tell for the rest of their lives .
Jim was held in a jungle camp and jammed into a wooden cage
After being captured ,
too small for him to sit up or fully stretch out .
For months his captors wanted him to sign papers saying that he was treated well .
Jim told them to fuck off and in return was beaten and tortured some more .
At some point , probably because his voice was sore from telling them to fuck themselves , he finally signed .
Actual photo ( of Christopher Walken ) As a reward , he was moved into solitary confinement for four years .
He was finally moved into a prison with other prisoners which was great ,
except that the beatings and torture continued , which pretty much blew .
At one point during his captivity , he became so weak that he suffered a heart seizure .
Realizing he needed his heart to live , Jim survived that scare and even managed to escape five times .
The time took its toll on Jim though and it looked like Death would win this one .
Another prisoner who saw Jim reported that he thought the enemy had placed a corpse in the cell next door .
However , Death forgot the fact the Jim was a Green Beret
and he held on until he was finally released in 1973 . He weighed 90 pounds .
Thompson unfortunately succumbed to death shortly after his release .
And by " shortly " we mean 30 years later , of natural causes , in Florida .
Poon Lim , Cast Away Who was he ?
He was steward on a British ship during World War II , with an unfortunate first name , at least by Western standards .
How He Stared Down Death :
The ship he was working on was blown up by the Germans .
Being total assholes , the Germans did this while the ship was far away from land .
Surviving the explosion was no biggie for Poon ,
but it forced him to climb into a life raft and hang out until he was rescued .. 133 fucking days later .
At first there was water in the raft and a few boxes of biscuits .
But these ran out quickly
and Poon had to get all MacGyver and make himself some fish hooks out of nails and tin cans to catch fish to survive .
Between doing awesome stuff like catching sharks and drinking the blood of birds he caught ,
he also had to deal with sunburn , seasickness and storms that wrecked his food and water supplies .
Eventually he figured he needed to catch more food .
For Poon it meant catching a fucking shark .
For Death it meant Poon was not going down easy .
Toothy death or lunch ?
Depends on who you are .
He could have been rescued sooner
but another German U-boat that spotted him offered no help .
It was at this point that Poon began to suspect that the Nazis were dicks .
He finally sailed near Brazil and was rescued by some fishermen ,
and these days the US Navy teaches his survival techniques to its sailors .
Next time you feel like complaining about how small your apartment is ,
just imagine living for four months on one of these :
The Meng Brothers Eat Coal For Breakfast Who were they ?
A coal miner working in China , which is basically like poking Death in the face on a regular basis for a living .
How They Stared Down Death :
Meng Xianchen and Meng Xianyou were working hard in a coal mine when the tunnel they were working in collapsed , burying them alive .
Generally coal mines anywhere are not safe places to work ,
but the Mengs were working in an illegal mine ,
which meant that the safety budget was probably spent on booze and bribes instead of things like oxygen or emergency training .
After the mines collapsed , a rescue team was sent in to try and dig Meng and his brother out ,
but then quickly gave up .
Their fellow miners then gave it a try ,
and were promptly arrested for illegal mining ,
presumably on the basis they could accidentally dig up some coal along with the two human beings trapped under it .
So , trapped underground with no food or water and a system too retarded to save them ,
everyone gave up hope .
The Mengs ' relatives even conducted burial rites at the mine .
The brothers , however , were still alive .
Realizing the rescue effort wasn't coming , the brothers started digging themselves out .
Armed with only one pickaxe and their bare hands , they tunneled their way through 66 feet of coal .
In between making jokes about each other's wives and drinking their own urine ,
they also tried chomping on some coal to take the edge off their hunger .
According to Meng , coal tastes great when you're starving to death .
Otherwise it tastes like ass .
Once they pulled themselves to the surface ,
Meng Xianchen and Meng Xianyou gave Death the double bird salute and gave the officials who called off the rescue a hard stare .
Then they went to the hospital , where Meng Xianchen said he crapped coal for a few days .
Thanks for nothing , fuckers .
Brent Case Has Bear-Proof Skin Who was he ?
A surveyor working up in Canada , which is like the US , but with better beer and fewer guns .
How He Stared Down Death :
Brent was minding his own business while working in the forests of British Columbia
when Death came to visit in the form of a 900-pound adult grizzly bear .
Brent was carrying an ax at the time , but that probably doesn't help a lot against a bear
unless it's the kind of ax that shoots shotgun shells .
Brent , knowing better , decided to play dead .
Unfortunately the bear wasn't looking for a fair fight and started munching on Brent's skull .
At one point he thought the bear was actually eating his brain .
While this may not have been true , from the picture below you can't blame him for thinking this .
The bear took a few more chunks out of Brent ,
threw him into a bog and jumped on him WWE-style a few times
before saying " Screw it " and walking off leaving Brent for dead .
It should be noted that playing dead still probably saved his life ,
as bears typically won't eat an already-dead victim
( we're not sure why ,
but we think it's considered dishonorable according to the code all bears live by . )
Regardless , with his scalp hanging in huge flaps from his skull and bleeding heavily , Brent managed to get up and go for help .
He got back to his car and drove 15 miles , covered in blood and bear bites .
Death could only stand on the side of the road and shake its fist .
Alexis Goggins , Invincible Girl Who was she ?
Just an ordinary first grader , attending classes , hanging with her friends .
How She Stared Down Death :
She had to save her mom from some crazy dude .
She did this by jumping in front of him and taking six bullets , point blank , including a couple to the head .
It started when some lowlife kidnapped Alexis and her mom ( OK , the lowlife was the mom's boyfriend . )
The mother tried to stall the bad guy and managed to call 911 , but the cops said they couldn't send anyone .
Apparently they were all busy with more fucked up situations than a man holding a child hostage at gunpoint .
It was at this point that the gunman decided he should stamp his passport into hell and started shooting .
Two bullets struck the mother before little Alexis dove between them , begging the shooter to stop .
Without hesitation , he shot six times , little Alexis taking the bullets that would have killed her mother .
By this time the cops arrived , as they figured things were getting really serious because now someone was actually shooting .
Alexis thought about dying for a second then decided she still had some shit to do .
Death could only watch as she grabbed her stuff and headed back to the land of the living ,
despite some serious injuries that would have killed most of us twice and some of us three times .
This would be jaw-droppingly impressive for a 250-pound Marine combat vet , let alone a seven-year-old girl .
And while we would like to cling to our original theory that she's actually an immortal Highlander ,
the truth is this seven-year-old girl is simply more man than we'll ever be .
Another look at " Titanic " Oh Rose , thou art sick
28 by N.B. TO EXPLOIT  sorry , commemorate
the centenary of the Titanic disaster , James Cameron has re-issued his " Titanic " film ,
15 years after it first raked in eleven Oscars and $ 1.8 billion at the box office .
Ordinarily , such a re-release would be an opportunity to spot all the subtleties we might have missed the last time around ,
but in " Titanic " there aren't any subtleties to spot .
Unlike the average iceberg , Cameron's films don't have anything hidden under the surface .
The only surprise thrown up by re-watching " Titanic " is the sheer annoyingness of Kate Winslet's character , Rose .
First seen scowling at the sight of an ocean liner which has everyone else squealing in admiration ,
she goes on to snipe at the ship's designer and its owner ,
and she never misses an opportunity to insult her mother and her wealthy fianc ( Billy Zane . )
Her gripe is that she's been persuaded to marry him for his money ,
but rather than jilting him , or making the best of a life of fabulous luxury ,
Rose sulks and moans , dismissing the entirety of the upper class as her intellectual inferiors ,
and branding the Titanic " a slave ship , taking me back to America in chains . "
Not literally , of course .
She then attempts to fling herself off the slave ship's stern ,
which is enough to convince Leonardo DiCaprio's character , Jack , that she is spirited and independent .
But even after she has redeemed herself , simply by swapping one man for another , she is hardly an exemplary heroine .
When she has to release Jack from a set of handcuffs , she swings an axe at it with her eyes closed  never a good idea .
Soon afterwards , she languishes on a raft which has room to spare ,
while Jack freezes to death in the North Atlantic .
And when we meet her again as an old woman , she tosses her antique diamond necklace into the sea ,
never mind that she has just met a man who has devoted three years of his life to searching for it .
Oh Rose , thou art sick .
It is difficult to see why this brat would have a brace of eligible bachelors risking their lives repeatedly for her 
but that is the secret of the film's remarkable success .
Over a decade before " Twilight " and " The Hunger Games " made a mint from having shy teen heroines with two gorgeous suitors apiece ,
Rose was a perfect wish-fulfilment version of the film's teenage female viewers .
Like those viewers , Rose has a comfortable existence , but she still feels stifledand it is all her mother's fault .
As obnoxious as she is , men are drawn to her inner greatness .
She is not untouchably beautiful :
Winslet carries some puppy fat and is drenched in garish red hair dye .
And at the end , she gets to start a new life with a new identity , far away from a mother who thinks she is dead .
In short , " Titanic " reassures adolescent girls that they are not just grumpy and hormonal ,
but tragic captives , destined for love and adventure .
No wonder they couldn't resist .
The business with the iceberg was just the icing on the cake .
Sun May 6 , 2012 1 :
16am EDT ( Reuters ) - The Oklahoma City Thunder roared home with a final quarter blitz to eliminate last season's NBA champions Dallas from the Western Conference playoffs , rallying for a 103-97 victory on Saturday .
Also in the West , San Antonio surged into a 3-0 series lead over the Utah Jazz
and the Los Angeles Clippers moved into a 2-1 lead over Memphis ,
while in the Eastern Conference the Indiana Pacers took a 3-1 series lead over Orlando .
In Dallas , James Harden scored 15 of his 29 points in the quarter as the Thunder completed the four-game sweep by scoring 35 points in the fourth quarter
while holding Dallas to 16 .
" ( I was ) in attack mode " , Harden told reporters .
" Scotty put the ball in my hands in the fourth quarter and he told me to make plays . ..
It was just tremendous " .
The Mavericks , just the third defending champions to be ousted in the first round ,
failed to score a field goal in the final 5 : 47 .
Oklahoma City had trailed by 13 at the end of the third
but sparked to life by a 12-0 run ,
they finally took the lead on a slam dunk by Serge Ibaka with five minutes to play .
" We didn't crumble " , said Thunder All Star forward Kevin Durant , who had 24 points and 11 rebounds .
" I think that's the best part of our team .
We've grown in that area .
We never gave up " .
Dirk Nowitzki led the scoring for Dallas with 34 points but none of his team mates scored more than 16 points .
In the East , Indiana squandered a 19-point lead against the Orlando Magic
but fought back in overtime to register a 101-99 victory and take a 3-1 lead in their best-of-seven series .
" We made a lot of mistakes , but we still came out of here with a win " , said a relieved David West , who led the Pacers with 26 points .
Indiana can clinch the first-round series with victory in Game Five on Tuesday in Indianapolis .
The Magic trailed 82-63 with 8 : 14 left but rallied to tie it 89-89 at the end of regulation and force overtime .
Orlando had a chance to win before the extra session but Jameer Nelson 's jumper at the buzzer came up short , scraping off the front rim .
Indiana scored the first six points of the extra five-minute period but once again the Magic clawed back to tie at 99-99 .
FREE THROWS With 2.2 seconds left in overtime , Nelson fouled George Hill driving into the lane and the Pacers guard sank both free throws for a 101-99 lead .
Glen " Big Baby " Davis's desperate , fall-away jumper grazed the rim as the buzzer sounded to leave Orlando ,
playing without injured center Dwight Howard , on the brink of elimination .
" I'm very proud of our guys for what they gave " , Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy said .
" It's easy to cave in , but our guys didn't .
We kept coming and coming and coming . They fought hard " .
Danny Granger added 21 points for Indiana , while Hill scored the Pacers ' last six points in 12 for the game .
The Magic were paced by Jason Richardson with 25 points , and Davis scored 24 and had 11 rebounds .
" It definitely was a tough game .
We gave everything we had " , said Richardson .
" Just play for our lives now " .
In the West , the San Antonio Spurs grabbed a 3-0 series lead with a 102-90 win over the Utah Jazz
while the Los Angeles Clippers held off a last-minute charge by the Memphis Grizzlies for an 87-86 victory that gave the hosts a 2-1 series lead .
At Los Angeles , Memphis ' Rudy Gay missed a three-pointer as the buzzer as the Clippers hung on .
Chris Paul had 24 points and 11 assists for the Clippers with Gay scoring 24 for Memphis .
( Reporting By Larry Fine in New York and Gene Cherry in Raleigh ;
Editing by Ian Ransom/Peter Rutherford )
One of today's most challenging yet promising markets is the educational system .
If you want to see startups hungry to disrupt an industry , look no further .
Founders are trying to solve the problems plaguing our education system :
including reconciling student debt ,
providing students with the skills required to land a job both before and after graduation ,
and offering the best course material online regardless of age , location and educational level .
Millions of people are headed to the Internet to learn .
And now everyone , from professors to entrepreneurs , are looking to launch a platform to solve the problem of a broken traditional educational system 
And many believe that Silicon Valley will have the answers .
If you look at the demographics ( high school dropout rates , high unemployment and the number of people taking online courses )
you'll find a common denominator ;
minorities are leading in three categories .
In 2011 , only 57 percent of blacks and Latinos graduated from high school ,
compared to 80 percent of Asians and 78 percent of whites .
While data reports that only 1 % of tech startups are founded by African Americans ,
you'll find a significant number of educational startups founded by minorities ( women , Hispanics and African Americans ) in the now-increasing 1 % of minority tech startups .
So where are all these startups hiding you ask ?
Well here are seven up-and-coming educational startups founded by minorities
that I believe will have an significant impact in the educational space  not just for minorities but for anyone looking to learn online , current students and teachers alike .
The mission of UniversityNow is to help ensure that affordable , high quality post-secondary education is available to people everywhere .
To accomplish this , UniversityNow is building a network of the most affordable and accessible accredited universities in the world , starting with the launch of New Charter University .
Gene Wade , Co-Founder 2 .
Houlton Institute Houlton packages courses into credentialed and non-credentialed programs targeting adult learners .
By revenue sharing with partnering institutions , partners are able to monetize their expertise .
Houlton creates one-of-a-kind online programs from its unique and exclusive partner network ,
which are disseminated via Houlton's scalable , personalized , web-based learning platform .
Dennis Robinson and Dan Merritts , Co-Founders
Demo Lesson Demo Lesson is a revolutionary online hiring platform that gives teachers the power to market themselves .
Mandela Schumacher Hodge and Brian Martinez , Co-Founders 4 .
Qeyno Labs Qeyno Labs works with local partners and schools to bring technology-enabled career discovery into under-served classrooms using game-like rewards and mentorship from successful professionals .
StockOfU StockOfU allows individuals and businesses to buy " shares " of college students in order to help subsidize a student's education costs .
Kalimah Priforce , Co-Founder 5 .
Ty McDuffie , Founder 6 .
Pathbrite Pathbrite delivers next-generation solutions that help students and learners of all ages collect , track and showcase a lifetime of achievement , and recommend pathways for continuous success .
Heather Hiles , Founder and CEO 7 .
Code Academy Code Academy is an 11-week program that teaches people how to build web applications .
Neal Sales-Griffin and Mike McGee , Co-Founders With these seven startups , and many , many more launching shortly , the educational system is ready for disruption .
And after that , the real question is " What impact will these educational startups will have on our economy " ?
And " Will they prepare students to land qualified jobs after graduation ?
Or provide them the skills to launch their own businesses " ?
Do you see the educational system being changed by these new startups ?
The top three spots on the QS World University Rankings changed this year , with MIT taking the top spot for 2012 .
MIT overtook the University of Cambridge , which took second place ahead of Harvard , located in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
British schools took four of the top six spots , but American colleges and universities occupy 13 of the top 20 spots in the annual ranking .
This ranking is based on reputation among academics , reputation among employers , citations per faculty , staff-to-student ratios and international attractiveness .
Check out the entire list :
1 Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) United States
2 University of Cambridge United Kingdom
3 Harvard University United States
4 UCL ( University College London ) United Kingdom
5 University of Oxford United Kingdom
6 Imperial College London United Kingdom
7 Yale University United States
8 University of Chicago United States
9 Princeton University United States
10 California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) United States
11 Columbia University United States
12 University of Pennsylvania United States
13 ETH Zurich ( Swiss Federal Institute of Technology ) Switzerland
14 Cornell University United States
15 Stanford University United States
16 Johns Hopkins University United States
17 University of Michigan United States
18 McGill University Canada
19 University of Toronto Canada
20 Duke University United States
21 University of Edinburgh United Kingdom
22 University of California , Berkeley ( UCB ) United States
23 University of Hong Kong Hong Kong
24 Australian National University Australia
25 National University of Singapore ( NUS ) Singapore
26 King's College London ( University of London ) United Kingdom
27 Northwestern University United States
28 University of Bristol United Kingdom
29 Ecole Polytechnique Fdrale de Lausanne Switzerland
30 The University of Tokyo Japan
31 University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA ) United States
32 The University of Manchester United Kingdom
33 The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Hong Kong
34 cole Normale Suprieure , Paris France
35 Kyoto University Japan
36 The University of Melbourne Australia
37 Seoul National University Korea , South
38 University of Wisconsin-Madison United States
39 The University of Sydney Australia
40 The Chinese University of Hong Kong Hong Kong
41 Ecole Polytechnique France
42 Brown University United States
43 New York University ( NYU ) United States
44 Peking University China
45 University of British Columbia Canada
46 The University of Queensland Australia
47 Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) Singapore
48 Tsinghua University China
49 Carnegie Mellon University United States
50 Osaka University Japan
51 University of Copenhagen Denmark
52 The University of New South Wales Australia
53 Technische Universitt Mnchen Germany
54 University of Glasgow United Kingdom
55 Ruprecht-Karls-Universitt Heidelberg Germany
56 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign United States
57 University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill United States
58 The University of Warwick United Kingdom
59 University of Washington United States
60 Ludwig-Maximilians-Universitt Mnchen Germany
61 Monash University Australia
62 University of Amsterdam Netherlands
63 KAIST - Korea Advanced Institute of Science &amp; Technology Korea , South
64 Boston University United States
65 Tokyo Institute of Technology Japan
66 The University of Sheffield United Kingdom
67 Trinity College Dublin Ireland
68 University of Texas at Austin United States
69 London School of Economics and Political Science ( LSE ) United Kingdom
70 University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) United States
71 Lund University Sweden
72 The University of Nottingham United Kingdom
73 University of Southampton United Kingdom
74 University of Geneva Switzerland
75 Leiden University Netherlands
76 Tohoku University Japan
77 University of Birmingham United Kingdom
78 University of Helsinki Finland
79 The University of Western Australia Australia
80 National Taiwan University ( NTU ) Taiwan
81 Uppsala University Sweden
82 KU Leuven Belgium
83 The University of Auckland New Zealand
84 Washington University in St . Louis United States
85 Utrecht University Netherlands
86 Nagoya University Japan
87 Freie Universitt Berlin Germany
88 Georgia Institute of Technology United States
89 Aarhus University Denmark
90 Fudan University China
91 University of Zurich Switzerland
92 Durham University United Kingdom
93 University of St Andrews United Kingdom
94 University of Leeds United Kingdom
95 City University of Hong Kong Hong Kong
96 Purdue University United States
97 Pohang University of Science And Technology ( POSTECH ) Korea , South
98 University of Pittsburgh United States
99 Erasmus University Rotterdam Netherlands
100 University of California , Davis United States
Based on those criteria its not surprising that MIT won .
Luck Is Just the Spark for Business Giants
BETTER to be lucky than good , the adage goes .
And maybe that's true  if you just want to be merely good , not much better than average .
But what if you want to build or do something great ?
And what if you want to do so in today's unstable and unpredictable world ?
Recently , we completed a nine-year research study of some of the most extreme business successes of modern times .
We examined entrepreneurs who built small enterprises into companies that outperformed their industries by a factor of 10 in highly turbulent environments .
We call them 10Xers , for " 10 times success " .
The very nature of this study 
how some people thrive in uncertainty ,
lead in chaos , deal with a world full of big , disruptive forces that we cannot predict or control 
led us to smack into the question , " Just what is the role of luck " ?
Could it be that leaders ' skills account for the difference between just meeting their industry's average performance ( 1X success ) and doubling it ( 2X ) ?
But that luck accounts for all the difference between 2X and 10X ?
Maybe , or maybe not .
But how on Earth could we go about quantifying something as elusive as " luck ? "
The breakthrough came in seeing luck as an event , not as some indefinable aura .
We defined a " luck event " as one that meets three tests .
First , some significant aspect of the event occurs largely or entirely independent of the actions of the enterprise's main actors .
Second , the event has a potentially significant consequence  good or bad .
And , third , it has some element of unpredictability .
We systematically found 230 significant luck events across the history of our study's subjects .
We considered good luck , bad luck , the timing of luck and the size of " luck spikes " .
Adding up the evidence , we found that the 10X cases weren't generally " luckier " than the comparison cases .
( We compared the 10X companies with a control group of companies that failed to become great in the same extreme environments ) .
The 10X cases and the control group both had luck , good and bad , in comparable amounts , so the evidence leads us to conclude
that luck doesn't cause 10X success .
The crucial question is not , " Are you lucky " ?
but " Do you get a high return on luck " ?
Return on luck :
We call it ROL .
SO why did Bill Gates become a 10Xer , building a great software company in the personal computer revolution ?
Through one lens , you might see Mr . Gates as incredibly lucky .
He just happened to have been born into an upper-middle-class American family that had the resources to send him to a private school .
His family happened to enroll him at Lakeside School in Seattle ,
which had a Teletype connection to a computer upon which he could learn to program 
something that was unusual for schools in the late 1960s and early ' 70s .
He also just happened to have been born at the right time , coming of age as the advancement of microelectronics made the PC inevitable .
Had he been born 10 years later , or even just five years later , he would have missed the moment .
Mr . Gates's friend Paul Allen just happened to see a cover article in the January 1975 issue of Popular Electronics ,
titled " World's First Microcomputer Kit to Rival Commercial Models " .
It was about the Altair , designed by a small company in Albuquerque .
Mr . Gates and Mr . Allen had the idea
to convert the programming language Basic into a product that could be used on the Altair ,
which would put them in position to be the first to sell such a product for a personal computer .
Mr . Gates went to college at Harvard , which just happened to have a PDP-10 computer upon which he could develop and test his ideas .
Wow , Bill Gates was really lucky , right ?
Yes , he was .
But luck is not why Bill Gates became a 10Xer .
Consider these questions :
Was Bill Gates the only person of his era who grew up in an upper middle-class American family ?
Was he the only person born in the mid-1950s who attended a secondary school with access to computing ?
Was he the only person who went to a college with computer resources in the mid-'70s ?
The only one who read the Popular Electronics article ?
The only one who knew how to program in Basic ?
No , no , no , no and no .
Lakeside may have been one of the first schools to have a computer that students could use during those years , but it wasn't the only such school .
Mr . Gates may have been a math and computer whiz kid at a top college that had computers in 1975 ,
but he wasn't the only math and computer whiz kid
at Harvard , Stanford , Princeton , Yale , M.I.T. , Caltech , Carnegie Mellon , Berkeley ,
U.C.L.A. , the University of Chicago , Georgia Tech , Cornell , Dartmouth , Southern Cal , Columbia , Northwestern , Penn , Michigan
or any number of other top colleges with comparable or even better computer resources .
Mr . Gates wasn't the only person who knew how to program in Basic ;
the language was developed a decade earlier by Dartmouth professors ,
and it was widely known by 1975 , used in academics and industry .
And what about all the master's and Ph . D . students in electrical engineering and computer science who had even more computer expertise than Mr . Gates on the day the Popular Electronics article appeared ?
Any could have decided to abandon their studies and start a personal computer software company .
And computer experts already working in industry and academia could have done the same .
But how many of them changed their life plans 
and cut their sleep to near zero , essentially inhaling food so as not to let eating interfere with work 
to throw themselves into writing Basic for the Altair ?
How many defied their parents , dropped out of college and moved to Albuquerque to work with the Altair ?
How many had Basic for the Altair written , debugged and ready to ship before anyone else ?
Thousands of people could have done the same thing that Mr . Gates did , at the same time .
But they didn't .
The difference between Mr . Gates and similarly advantaged people is not luck .
Mr . Gates went further , taking a confluence of lucky circumstances and creating a huge return on his luck .
And this is the important difference .
Luck , good and bad , happens to everyone , whether we like it or not .
But when we look at the 10Xers , we see people like Mr . Gates who recognize luck and seize it , leaders who grab luck events and make much more of them .
This ability to achieve a high ROL at pivotal moments has a huge multiplicative effect for 10Xers .
They zoom out to recognize when a luck event has happened and to consider whether they should let it disrupt their plans .
Imagine if Mr . Gates had said to Paul Allen after seeing the Popular Electronics article :
" Well , Paul , I'm kind of focused on my studies here at Harvard right now .
Let's wait a few years , and then I'll be ready to start " .
When we examined less successful companies , we saw a generally poor overall return on luck .
Some of the comparison cases had extraordinary sequences of good luck yet showed a spectacular ability to fritter that luck away .
When the time came to execute on their good fortune , they stumbled .
They didn't fail for lack of good luck .
They failed for lack of superb execution .
WHILE getting a high return on good luck is an essential skill for 10Xers , getting a high return on bad luck can be a truly defining moment .
Consider the 10X case of Progressive Insurance .
On Nov . 8 , 1988 , Peter Lewis , the chief executive , received news that shocked the insurance industry .
California voters had passed Proposition 103 , a punitive attack on car insurance companies .
Prop 103 required 20 percent price reductions and refunds to customers , plunging a huge auto insurance market into chaos .
Progressive had significant exposure , with nearly a quarter of its entire business from that one state  bang ! 
severely damaged by a 51 percent vote on a single day .
Mr . Lewis zoomed out to ask , " What the heck is going on " ?
He placed a call to a former Princeton classmate , Ralph Nader .
Mr . Nader had long been a consumer rights activist ,
at one point leading a sort of special forces unit nicknamed Nader's Raiders ,
and he had championed Proposition 103 .
The message that Mr . Lewis heard :
People hate you .
Or , in other words , people simply hated dealing with insurance companies , so they revolted , screaming with their votes .
" People were saying , ' We hate your guts .
We're going to kill you .
And we don't give a damn ' , " Mr . Lewis said .
Chastened by what he had heard , he called his staff together and told everyone ,
" Our customers actually hate us " .
He challenged his team to create a better company .
Mr . Lewis came to see Proposition 103 as a gift ,
and he used it to deepen the company's core purpose and to reduce the economic cost and trauma caused by auto accidents .
The company would create its " immediate response " claims service :
No matter when you had an accident , Progressive would be available  24 hours a day , 365 days a year .
Claims adjusters would work from a fleet of vans and S.U.V.'s dispatched to policy holders ' homes or even directly to an accident scene .
By 1995 , Progressive could note this achievement :
in 80 percent of cases , its adjusters would have visited the customer , ready to issue a check within 24 hours of an accident .
In 1987 , the year before Proposition 103 , Progressive ranked No . 13 in the American private-passenger auto insurance market .
By 2002 , it had reached No . 4 .
Years later , Mr . Lewis called Proposition 103 " the best thing that ever happened to this company " .
Progressive and Mr . Lewis illustrate how 10Xers shine when clobbered by setbacks and misfortune , turning bad luck into good results .
They use difficulty as a catalyst to deepen purpose , recommit to values , increase discipline , respond with creativity and heighten productive paranoia 
translating fear into extensive preparation and calm , clearheaded action .
Resilience , not luck , is the signature of greatness .
Nietzsche wrote , " What does not kill me , makes me stronger " .
We all get bad luck .
The question is how to use it to turn it into " one of the best things that ever happened " ,
to not let it become a psychological prison .
WE came across a remarkable moment at the very start of the history of Southwest Airlines ,
described by its first chief executive , Lamar Muse , in his book , " Southwest Passage " .
" The very first Sunday morning of Southwest's life , we narrowly escaped a disaster " , Mr . Muse wrote .
" During the takeoff run , the right thrust-reverser deployed .
Only the captain's instantaneous reaction allowed him to recover control and make a tight turn for an emergency landing on one engine " .
What if the jet had smashed into the ground in the first week of building the company ?
Would there even be a Southwest Airlines today ?
If we all have some combination of both heads ( lucky flips ) and tails ( unlucky flips , )
and if the ratio of heads to tails tends to even out over time ,
we need to be skilled , strong , prepared and resilient to endure the bad luck long enough to eventually get good luck .
The Southwest pilot had to be skilled and prepared before the thrust-reverser deployed .
There's an interesting asymmetry between good and bad luck .
A single stroke of good luck , no matter how big , cannot by itself make a great company .
But a single stroke of extremely bad luck ,
or an extended sequence of bad-luck events that creates a catastrophic outcome , can terminate the quest .
The 10Xers exercise productive paranoia , combined with empirical creativity and fanatic discipline , to create huge margins of safety .
If you stay in the game long enough , good luck tends to return ,
but if you get knocked out , you'll never have the chance to be lucky again .
Luck favors the persistent , but you can persist only if you survive .
After finishing our luck analysis for " Great by Choice " , we realized that getting a high ROL required a new mental muscle .
There are smart decisions and wise decisions .
And one form of wisdom is the ability to judge when to let luck disrupt our plans .
Not all time in life is equal .
The question is , when the unequal moment comes , do we recognize it , or just let it slip ?
But , just as important , do we have the fanatic , obsessive discipline to keep marching ,
to push the opportunity to the extreme , to make the most of the chances we're given ?
Getting a high ROL requires throwing yourself at the luck event with ferocious intensity , disrupting your life and not letting up .
Bill Gates didn't just get a lucky break and cash in his chips .
He kept pushing , driving , working  and sustained that effort for more than two decades .
That's not luck  that's return on luck .
Tiny Wisdom :
The Good That We Can Give May 02 , 2012 11 :
We make a life by what we give " . ~
As someone whose profession requires me to spend a great deal of time alone ,
I'm always trying to strike a balance between solitude and connection ;
so yesterday I decided to write from this courtyard outside the activity center in my apartment community .
I ended up sitting next to two men who I overheard discussing something that sounded personal .
I didn't stay for long , at the risk of being intrusive ,
but I quickly realized one of the men was coaching the other to be more confident when meeting new people .
He told him to close his eyes and call to mind positive things that made him feel self-assured , happy , and peaceful .
Then he asked him to open his eyes and introduce himself ,
while mentally reinforcing that he wants something for the other person , not from him .
This simple suggestion hit me as quite profound .
It begged the question :
What's the difference between approaching someone as if there's something you need to get and approaching someone as if there's something you want to give ?
If we want something from people , we come to them from a place of lack , unbalance , and maybe even neediness .
If we want something for people , we come to them from a place of wholeness , presence , and maybe even love .
And it's not just about self-confidence or altruism .
It's also about taking responsibility for creating positive energy around us , which inevitably multiples .
When we give good thoughts , good vibes , and a smile , we generally get it back .
Though I had moved to sit further away from the men ,
I could still overhear their conversation
and I eventually realized one was actually coaching the other to be a successful salesman .
Turns out he would want something from the people he would meet .
Still , I was grateful this message came to me ,
because I found it inspiring ,
and I knew upon hearing it that I wanted to give it to you .
Inevitably we are going to want things from other people .
Hopefully we'll be able to be honest about that and simply ask for what we need .
But when we don't , perhaps we can share a little light by approaching each other with the intention of giving something good .
We all have so much to give .
We just need to consciously choose to access and share it .
Almost a third of all adults living with a partner or spouse cheat on them when it comes to money , it has been revealed .
A study by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
found that three in ten adults who are married or living with a partner commit financial infidelity .
Typical offences include making secret purchases and splashing out on expensive items without discussing it first .
Four per cent confessed to having secret savings account
and a further four per cent admitted having withdrawn a large sum from a joint account on the sly .
Alan Hirschfeld , partner in charge of the marital dissolution practice at Marcum LLP , a New York-based accounting firm
said financial cheating can take a serious toll on a relationship .
Advice :
The report recommends couples should be open and honest about their finances by disclosing credit card and bank statements
The survey found money issues are the most common cause of fights between couples , resulting in an average of three arguments each month .
In addition 27 per cent of those co-inhabiting admitted to fighting with their partners about money more than anything else with most arguments stemming from unexpected expenses and insufficient savings .
The Institute recommends that to clear the air couples should split any financial responsibilities and be open about money and disclose their credit card and bank statements .
Like most careers in civilian life , military careers do have their ups and downs ,
EXCEPT that they have far more ups than ( perceived ) downs when compared to civilian careers .
While it's true that military life and training can also be physically demanding and hazardous at times ,
it's equally true that military personnel also enjoy adventurous , exciting , and fun-filled careers during their terms of duty .
So , if you're still weighing the pros and cons about joining the military , forget the " downs " 
weigh the " ups " first .
Here's the TOP 3 .
UPS  One Better Training 
While civilians spend many years acquiring skills , knowledge and experience in just one chosen discipline ,
the US Military offers a huge variety of skills training programs in multiple disciplines .
And apart from your MOS ( Military Occupational Specialty ) job ,
military training will also equip you with other priceless , personal values such as integrity , honesty , valiance and loyalty ,
in addition to making you a better thinker , doer , team-player , leader and organizer .
UPS  Two Faster Promotions -
Given that promotions and advancement in civilian careers are far slower ,
a problem compounded by equally slow economic recovery , promotions and advancement up the ranks is far swifter in the military ,
AND they come with handsome increments and irresistible , multiple benefits that few private sector companies can match .
The US Military lends an encouraging hand every step of the way ,
and you'll be given more opportunities than one for promotions and advancement in your career and rank .
UPS  Three Unmatched Benefits 
Owing to the slow pace of economic recovery ,
many civilian jobs have made significant cuts in the number and value of benefits , perks , and even the pay offered to their employees .
The US Military presents a brighter picture .
During your term of duty , you'll be eligible to receive free on-base housing , food , healthcare , and skills training ;
generous monetary help for education ;
30-day paid vacations ;
many opportunities to travel to exotic destinations ;
valuable retirement plans ;
and a lot , lot more .
As a psychotherapist I cannot pretend that there is a simple set of instructions that guarantees happiness .
We all come from a distinctive combination of genes ,
and have had a unique set of relationships and experiences that formed us to the shape we are in now ;
one size does not fit all .
But there are underlying principles that can help us .
When it comes to our brains , all humans are born prematurely ,
as many of the neural pathways in our brains are formed after we are born , and in relationship with our earliest caregivers .
If they do a good job , manage to soothe us regularly when we are upset , we eventually internalise this process .
We also need our parents to validate our various moods and mental states in a safe way as we grow up ;
acknowledging when we are hurt , in pain , or joyful .
This allows us to develop all parts of our personalities .
If some of our moods are punished or ignored , trouble can arise later on in life .
As you learn together with your earliest caregivers how to regulate your emotions ,
your brain will be making lots of new pathways that are necessary for you to learn to become comfortable with your emotions and manage them for yourself .
Your earliest bonds also serve as a model for all subsequent relationships ,
teaching you to form nourishing , enriching , and mutually beneficial relationships throughout your life .
The bulk of these neural connections happen before you are two years old .
In other words , much of the wiring up that determines how you respond emotionally and conduct relationships , happened pre-verbally .
The logic , reason and language part of your brain develops so slowly that most of the patterns for how you feel are formed before you can reason with yourself and others .
If your relationship with your early caregivers was less than ideal ,
or you experienced trauma so shocking it undid the security established in your infancy ,
it is possible that later on in life you may find yourself in emotional difficulties .
But although it is too late to have a happier childhood , that doesn't mean you can't be happier in the future .
Your brain is fairly plastic and you can make new neural connections to change that chemistry so that you can improve your self-soothing , self-regulation and how you behave in relationships .
How do you do that ?
There isn't a foolproof prescription 
if you are in a downward spiral you need to interrupt that spiral with medication ,
or a different set of behaviours , or something else .
I'm being vague on purpose ;
what works for me might not work for you .
1 . A safe , trusting , reliable relationship that is for your sake .
Not necessarily a romantic relationship , but a nurturing one
( it could be with a therapist , or a teacher . )
We are formed in relationship  so the easiest way to re-form is in a relationship . 2 .
Positive stimulation  good stress .
Enough to push you to learn new things , but not so much it tips you over into panic .
Good stress enables new brain connections to be made and a plastic brain is what you need for personal development and growth .
Examples could be learning to play a musical instrument , or a new language . 3 .
Develop your self-observational side .
This is an accepting and non - judgmental part .
It acknowledges emotions but gives you space to decide how to act on them .
This part listens to and brings together your emotions and your logic .
To help , try keeping a diary , or practise meditation , get used to noticing your feelings and thoughts without judgment . 4 .
A fresh perspective on your personal narrative .
Because so much of our self is formed pre-verbally , the beliefs we live by can be covert .
It is important to view your life from fresh angles and to let go of fixed ways of defining yourself .
You may have beliefs that start with , " I'm the sort of person who . . . "
or " I always . . . "
these might benefit from a rethink and possibly rewrite with a trusted person or group .
For example , change a message such as , " I must meet my soulmate before my life can really start "
to , " What happens when I notice the negative thoughts I have about other people , but don't act on them 
what changes in how I then relate to them and how people relate to me " ?
These four processes are a framework for change .
The content will always be different for each individual . Finding out about that content and how to change it ?
Over to you .
before the Nov . 6 election ,
Their nominating conventions behind them , President Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney
embarked Friday on their final 60 days of campaigning
focusing largely on the same battleground states in a race dominated by questions about the economy and jobs .
A day after Obama and his fellow Democrats concluded a three-day convention that presented their case for reelection ,
Romney seized on a lackluster jobs report to argue that it was time for " new leadership that will get our economy moving again " .
The Labor Department report said employers added 96,000 jobs in August , falling short of expectations .
At the same time , the report said , the unemployment rate fell to 8.1 percent last month from 8.3 percent in July ,
but only because more people gave up looking for work .
Romney said in a statement shortly after the news broke .
" If last night was the party , this morning is the hangover " ,
" This is more of the same for middle class families
who are suffering through the worst economic recovery since the Great Depression " .
Obama " just hasn't lived up to his promises , and his policies haven't worked " , Romney charged .
" We aren't better off than they were four years ago " .
The White House sought to put the best face on the new jobs numbers , noting that the economy "
has now added private sector jobs for 30 straight months " , totaling 4.6 million jobs over that period .
Alan B . Krueger , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , said in a statement .
" While there is more work that remains to be done ,
today's employment report provides further evidence that the U.S. economy is continuing to recover from the worst downturn since the Great Depression " ,
" It is critical that we continue the policies
as we dig our way out of the deep hole that was caused by the severe recession that began in December 2007 " .
that are building an economy that works for the middle class
Appealing to the nation Thursday night for another four years in office ,
Obama asserted that his policies are slowly returning the country to economic prosperity
and argued that his Republican opponents would set the country back and harm middle-class families .
Speakers at the Democratic convention , including former president Bill Clinton ,
also argued that compared to the situation Obama inherited four years ago ,
when the economy was losing 750,000 jobs a month , Americans are indeed better off .
Obama , Vice President Biden and their wives headed Friday to Portsmouth , N.H. , for a midday campaign rally ,
after which they were scheduled to fly to Iowa for a 5 :
30 p.m. appearance at the University of Iowa .
Afterward , Obama was jetting to Florida while Biden headed to Ohio .
Romney , who accepted the Republican nomination at his party's convention in Tampa last week ,
was scheduled to attend a midday event in Orange City , Iowa , then fly to Nashua , N.H. , for an evening rally .
GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan was campaigning Friday at a truck plant in Sparks , Nev .
Romney's wife , Ann Romney , was scheduled to hold a late morning
" Women for Mitt " rally at the Twin Oaks Riding Academy in Leesburg , Va .
Seeking to regain momentum after Democrats savaged the GOP ticket at their convention ,
the Romney camp launched a new television ad campaign in eight battleground states , the Associated Press reported .
Colorado , Florida , Iowa , Nevada , New Hampshire , North Carolina , Ohio and Virginia .
In his acceptance speech Thursday night , Obama said the choice between him and Romney represents the clearest in a generation ,
a choice between sharply contrasting visions and political philosophies .
But after entering office in January 2009 amid outsize expectations ,
he cautioned that the path he offers may be hard but will lead to " a better place " .
" The truth is , it will take more than a few years for us to solve challenges that have built up over decades " , he said .
" It will require common effort , shared responsibility and the kind of bold , persistent experimentation
that Franklin Roosevelt pursued during the only crisis worse than this one " .
Obama's speech wrapped up a Democratic National Convention that combined a withering critique of Romney
with a defense of the president's record that Obama's campaign team hopes will tip a closely fought election in their direction by November .
Obama was aided immensely by the other two major speakers , first lady Michelle Obama and Clinton .
The president spoke directly to the disappointment among some who supported him ,
and to the criticism from Republicans that his presidency has fallen far short of the promises he made in 2008 .
" If you turn away now " , he said ,
" if you buy into the cynicism that the change we fought for isn't possible ,
well , change will not happen . . ..
Only you can make sure that doesn't happen .
Only you have the power to move us forward " .
Pointing to last week's Republican convention in Tampa ,
Obama said the speakers there talked more about the country's problems than about how they would fix them :
" They want your vote , but they don't want you to know their plan .
And that's because all they have to offer is the same prescription they've had for the last 30 years " .
Obama's convention played out against the backdrop of a country still mired in problems
caused by the huge financial and housing collapse four years ago this month .
The economy's weakness and the public's dissatisfaction with Obama's handling of it
pose the greatest threat to his prospects for reelection .
Obama spoke with the jobless rate above 8 percent for the 42nd consecutive month 
and with the economy adding jobs at a slow pace for months .
Economists have forecast little dramatic change in the jobless rate between now and Election Day .
He spoke to criticism that his policies have led to a bigger role for government in the economy and people's lives :
" We don't think government can solve all our problems .
But we don't think that government is the source of all our problems 
any more than are welfare recipients , or corporations , or unions , or immigrants , or gays , or any other group we're told to blame for our troubles " .
Obama belittled the economic proposals of Romney and Ryan .
He said Romney's budget math doesn't add up , and he vowed never to " turn Medicare into a voucher " .
His second-term policies , he said ,
could cut $ 4 trillion out of the deficit over a decade ,
and reduce the growth of college tuition by 50 percent
create a million manufacturing jobs by 2016 ,
cut net oil imports in half by the end of the decade over the next 10 years .
Those goals are likely to be closely scrutinized by experts ,
given the fact that many of the objectives he laid out four years ago have not been met .
Obama says that's because of the depth of the problems he inherited .
Republicans argue that it is because he has pursued policies that have made things worse .
He also was sharply critical of Romney's foreign policy positions .
" My opponent and his running mate are new to foreign policy ,
but from all that we've seen and heard ,
they want to take us back to an era of blustering and blundering that cost America so dearly " , he said .
His opponents are " still stuck in a Cold War time warp " ,
he said , and he made fun of Romney's recent foreign trip .
Biden used his own acceptance speech to offer personal testimony about the president's leadership and decision-making .
" I've seen him tested " , he said .
" I know his strength , his command , his faith .
I also know the incredible confidence he has in all of you . . ..
Yes , the work of recovery is not yet complete , but we are on our way .
The journey of hope is not yet finished , but we are on our way .
The cause of change is not fully accomplished , but we are on our way " .
Biden focused on two big decisions ,
the one to bail out the auto industry and the one to take out Osama bin Laden .
He summed up Obama's record , as he has before , by saying , " Osama bin Laden is dead , and General Motors is alive " .
On autos , he said Obama went against the advice of some advisers ,
and he contrasted the president's position with that of Romney .
Of Romney , he said :
" I just don't think he understood what saving the automobile industry meant  to all of America .
I think he saw it the Bain way .
I think he saw it in terms of balance sheets and write-offs .
Folks , the Bain way may bring your firm the highest profit .
But it's not the way to lead your country from its highest office " .
The decision to go after bin Laden carried even greater risks ,
with many of the president's most senior foreign policy advisers opposed .
" Bravery resides in the heart of Barack Obama " , he said .
" And time and time again , I witnessed him summon it .
This man has courage in his soul , compassion in his heart and steel in his spine .
Biden was introduced by his wife , Jill .
A few hours before he spoke ,
Biden was formally ratified as Obama's running mate
after his name was placed in nomination by his son Beau Biden , the attorney general of Delaware .
Sen . John F . Kerry ( Mass , ) .
who was the Democratic nominee eight years ago
and gave Obama the keynote address that launched him on the national stage ,
spoke Thursday night in his capacity as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
Kerry said Obama has restored American credibility and moral authority abroad
while keeping his promises to end the Iraq war
and eliminate the threat posed by the al-Qaeda terrorist network that struck the country on Sept . 11 , 2001 . "
Ask Osama bin Laden if he is better off now than he was four years ago " , he said .
Kerry argued that the choice in November is clear . "
Will we protect our country and our allies ,
advance our interests and ideals ,
do battle where we must and make peace where we can
Or will we entrust our place in the world to someone who just hasn't learned the lessons of the last decade
" The evening's most poignant moment came just before 8 p.m. , when Gabrielle Giffords , led the audience in the Pledge of Allegiance .
the former Arizona congresswoman who was shot and gravely wounded in January 2011 ,
Giffords walked slowly across the stage unaided ,
accompanied by one of her closest friends in Congress , Rep .
Debbie Wasserman Schultz , who chairs the Democratic National Committee .
Giffords recited the pledge with a strong , clear voice ,
and as delegates cheered and wiped away tears at the sight of her ,
she beamed a big smile back at them .
Speakers who appeared before the prime-time hour continued the pattern of the first two nights of the convention ,
appealing to crucial constituencies by warning
that Republicans would take away abortion rights , or educational opportunity .
Others skewered Romney as a wealthy , out-of-touch businessman
whose record does not match his campaign's claims that he knows how to turn around the economy .
Former Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm , shouting and pumping her fists through most of her speech ,
brought the audience to a fever pitch by attacking Romney for his opposition to the auto bailout .
In a reference to the renovation of Romney's California home ,
she said , " In Romney's world , the cars get the elevator and the workers get the shaft .
" Obama spoke in the Time Warner Cable Arena
after convention organizers scrubbed plans to hold Thursday's program in the Bank of America outdoor football stadium .
Forecasts for more rain and potentially severe weather forced the change in venue .
Rain pelted downtown Charlotte on Thursday afternoon , but the skies cleared later in the day .
With so many free Photoshop brushes being shared around the web ,
it can always be a bit tricky to sort through the masses to grab those true quality packs that are available .
So we have once again , sought to help out our readers by doing some of the work for you .
Below are the fruits of our labor .
We found the works of so many talented brushmakers that have been released in the last couple of months ,
and while we are shining our spotlight on them ,
we are also helping our readers to stock up on the brushy goodness .
So set off down through these 40 new , free Photoshop brushes and start adding to your design arsenal .
All of the brushes listed here are free for personal use ,
though you should always double check the license for changes before using them .
[ Note :
Have you already pre-ordered your copy of our Printed Smashing Book # 3 ?
The book is a professional guide on how to redesign websites
and it also introduces a whole new mindset for progressive Web design , written by experts for you ] .
as he stands at the American Falls , Niagara Falls May 2 , 2012 .
Nik Wallenda speaks about his upcoming wire walk over the Canadian ( Horseshoe ) Falls ,
Credit :
Reuters / Doug Benz
By Neale Gulley NIAGARA FALLS , New York | Wed May 2 , 2012 5 :
24pm EDT ( Reuters ) -
High-wire performer Nik Wallenda announced on Wednesday that June 15 is the day
his boyhood dream to walk a tightrope over Niagara Falls will become a reality .
Wallenda , 33 , a seventh-generation member of the famed " Flying Wallendas " family of circus performers ,
is set to walk a 2-inch cable strung 1,800 feet across Niagara Falls gorge 
the first such tight rope feat between the United States and Canada in more than a century .
This has been his dream since he was 6 years old ,
Wallenda said during a news conference held near the falls in upstate New York .
" I can guarantee nothing like this has ever happened anywhere in the world " ,
Wallenda said of his planned walk 150 feet above the falls that span two countries .
" I've done walks that are higher and longer but none of them compare to this " , he said .
Wallenda , of Sarasota , Florida ,
said he will train publicly for 10 days prior to the walk ,
from May 12 to 22 , in a parking lot used by the Seneca Niagara Casino ,
Using a cable strung between two cranes at the site
As for which country Wallenda will be in when he steps out onto the wire ,
he said weather will dictate that and a decision will be made closer to June 15 .
He said it's likely the walk , which is expected to take 30 to 40 minutes , will take place in the early evening ,
when colored lights are used to illuminate the huge waterfalls .
A long-standing ban on such stunts in and around Niagara Falls
has meant that no one has attempted a high-wire walk there in more than 100 years .
Gaining permission for the June 15 walk
required almost two years of lobbying by Wallenda and politicians in upstate New York
who hope the spectacle will translate into tourism dollars .
" We had to change two laws in two countries " , Wallenda said .
" I didn't know how far I would get .
There's a history of people who have been denied " .
Wallenda's initial support came last September
when New York Governor Andrew Cuomo signed a bill giving him one year to perform the feat .
Canada initially opposed the stunt but then reversed itself in February
and agreed to allow it with a provision barring a similar feat for another 20 years .
Wallenda holds several Guinness World Records
including one for the highest tightrope crossing by bicycle and another for the longest .
( Editing by Barbara Goldberg ; Editing by Will Dunham )
This file photo , taken in 2011 , shows the Chinese submersible ' Jiaolong ' .
The submersible broke through the 7,000-metre mark in an ocean dive on Sunday , state media said , setting a new national record for China .
A manned Chinese submersible broke through the 7,000-metre mark for a new national record on Sunday , state media said , as the rising Asian nation showed off its technological might .
The " Jiaolong " craft dived 7,015 metres ( 23,015 feet ) in the Mariana Trench in the western Pacific Ocean on its fourth dive since arriving in the area earlier this month , the official Xinhua news agency said .
The dive came on the same day as China was attempting its first manual space docking , a complex manoeuvre that will bring the country a step closer to building a space station .
" This ( dive ) shows the performance of the submersible is stable " , mission chief commander Liu Feng told state television in a live broadcast from aboard the ship supporting the submersible .
" The level of our technical personnel is getting better and better " .
The Jiaolong -- named after a dragon from Chinese mythology -- carried three people into the Mariana Trench , the deepest place in the world .
Applause broke out as a depth gauge aboard the supporting ship Xiangyanghong registered more than 7,000 metres , state television showed .
The same submersible reached 5,188 metres in a Pacific dive in July last year .
And in a series of three previous dives since June 15 , the craft has gone deeper each time .
Earlier this year , American film director James Cameron descended almost 11,000 metres to the bottom of the Mariana Trench .
His effort is believed to have at least equalled the record for the deepest manned dive , set by a US Navy officer and a Swiss oceanographer in 1960 , according to Guinness World Records .
Experts say China intends to use the submersible for scientific research , such as collecting samples of undersea life and studying geological structures , as well as future development of mineral resources .
On its third dive on Friday , the crew collected samples of water and sediment and took photos of sea life , Xinhua said .
Scientists say the ocean floors contain rich deposits of potentially valuable minerals , but the extreme depths pose technical difficulties in harvesting them on a large scale .
And the stability and durability of the craft presents further problems for future operations .
The recent round of dives have seen some minor technical glitches , such as the breakdown of communications equipment and problems with the adjustable ballast system , state media has reported .
The 7,000 metre dive was previously scheduled for Monday , state media had reported .
The reasons for the change of date were unclear but mean the record-setting dive comes the same day as China's landmark space manoeuvre .
POET HERO :
ROBERT PENN WARREN Mr . Warren was both a friend and teacher to one of America's most prolific television writer producers , David Milch .
In his book about his television series NYPD BLUE entitled , TRUE BLUE , David referred to his mentor , Robert Penn Warren :
" I hadn't been in any of Mr . Warren 's classes or even met him , but I'd read all of his novels and some of his poetry .
One day I approached him as he walked toward his office .
I introduced myself and said I was trying to learn to write ..
He said he'd be happy to teach me . "
Robert Penn Warren , one of twentieth century America's most distinguished men of letters , was born in Guthrie , Kentucky , in 1905 , and died in Stratton , Vermont , in 1989 .
The recognition of his achievement was extensive :
A member of the National Academy of Arts and Sciences , he was the recipient of three Pulitzer Prizes , and nearly all the other major American literary awards .
In 1980 he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
He was the first poet laureate of the United States .
LULLABY :
SMILE IN SLEEP Sleep , my son , and smile in sleep .
You will dream the world anew .
Watching you now sleep , I feel the world's depleted force renew , Feel the nerve expand and knit , Feel a rustle in the blood , Feel wink of warmth and stir of spirit , As though spring woke in the heart's cold Underwood . The vernal work is now begun .
Sleep , my son .
Sleep , son .
You will see the nestling fall .
Blood flecks grass of the rabbit form .
You will , of course , see all The world 's brute ox-heel wrong , and shrewd hand-harm .
Throats are soft to invite the blade .
Truth invites the journalist 's lie .
Love bestowed mourns trust betrayed , But the heart most mourns its own infidelity .
The greater , then , your obligation .
Dream perfection .
Dream , son .
When the diver leaves the board To hang at gleam-height against the sky , Trajectory is toward An image hung perfect as light in his mind's wide eye .
So your dream will later serve you .
So now , dreaming , you serve me , And give our hope new patent to Enfranchise human possibility .
Grace undreamed is grace forgone .
Dream grace , son .
Sleep on .
Dream that sleep is a sunlit meadow Drowsy with a dream of bees Threading sun , and a shadow Where you may lie lulled by their sunlit industries .
Let the murmurous bees of sleep Tread down honey in the honeycomb .
Heart-deep now , your dream will keep Sweet in that deep comb for time to come .
Dream the sweetness coming on .
Dream , sweet son .
Sleep on .
What if angry vectors veer Around your sleeping head , and form ?
There's never need to fear Violence of the poor world's abstract storm .
For now you dream Reality .
Matter groans to touch your hand .
Matter lifts now like the sea Toward that strong moon that is your dream 's command .
Dream the power coming on .
Dream , strong son .
Sleep on .
George Osborne laid out his budget plan to Parliament .
In a controversial move during a period of squeezed public finances in Britain ,
the chancellor cut the top rate of income tax from 50 % to 45 % from next year
and reduced corporation tax to 24 , %
with a further fall to 22 % to follow .
Pensioners were outraged at an indirect tax increase on their incomes ,
though a 7 % stamp duty on homes worth over 2m ($ 3.2m ) was introduced ,
offsetting claims that the measures favour the rich .
Mr Osborne made no apologies , and said his budget " unashamedly backs business . "
according to an analysis by the Joint Committee on Taxation ,
a non-partisan congressional body .
See article put forward by Barack Obama to ensure that millionaires pay higher income taxes ,
the so-called " Buffett rule " ,
would raise $ 47 billion over ten years ,
This would fall well short of making up for revenue lost from abolishing the alternative minimum tax paid by middle-income earners ,
which Mr Obama wants to replace with the Buffett rule .
A nasty surprise India's government proposed a retroactive tax on foreign takeovers of Indian assets .
The measure is aimed at Britain's Vodafone ,
which has been in dispute with the government over billions of dollars in capital-gains tax on its 2007 acquisition of an Indian mobile-phone firm .
In January India's Supreme Court sided with Vodafone in a ruling that many hoped would bring stability to India's capricious treatment of foreign investors .
In the latest trade spat with China ,
America said it would impose tariffs on imports of Chinese solar panels because of alleged export subsidies .
Meanwhile , the European Union discussed whether to close state contracts to bids from foreign firms in countries that do not open their own bidding processes to European firms .
And a senior official in India suggested his country is willing to retaliate , as China has , to the EU's emissions-trading scheme for airlines .
Jaguar Land Rover , a British carmaker owned by India's Tata ,
took the first step towards setting up a manufacturing base in China by proposing a joint venture with Chery , a Chinese car company .
Glencore , the world's biggest commodities-trading company , agreed to buy Viterra , a Canadian grain-exporting business , in a transaction valued at $ 6.1 billion .
Glencore's acquisition will ensure that it reaps the benefit from the deregulation of Canada's export market for wheat .
Australia's Parliament passed a mining tax on companies that operate in the country ,
which include BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto .
A tax was first mooted in 2010 at a rate of 40 % on all mining " super profits , "
but the legislation passed this week will implement a 30 % tax
See article Taking a bite out of Apple Apple said it would return $ 45 billion of its vast cash pile to shareholders over the next three years .
The company is to pay a quarterly dividend of $ 2.65 per share for the first time in 17 years ,
though the dividend yield will remain a modest 1.8%.
It indicated that the payout to shareholders would be even greater if it could gain access to the $ 65 billion held outside America without facing extra tax liability .
Even with additional planned share buy-backs worth $ 10 billion ,
Apple's cash reserve will probably keep growing faster than it dishes it out .
See article Cisco , a maker of networking equipment , made its biggest acquisition in two years by agreeing to buy NDS for $ 5 billion to bolster its business in video software .
Cisco is tapping the $ 47 billion cash pile it holds ( mostly outside America ) to fund its purchase .
In a big shake-up of its operations ,
Hewlett-Packard announced a merger of its personal-computer and printer divisions , as Meg Whitman , HP's boss ,
continues her cost-cutting drive .
Operating income at both divisions fell by 30 % in the past quarter .
America's UPS agreed to pay $ 6.8 billion for TNT Express , a rival logistics company based in the Netherlands , as it seeks to extend its global operations .
See article Deutsche Bank , which is preparing for a change in leadership in May ,
adjusted its management team and designated a new candidate as the bank's risk officer ,
Losing their fizz The consumption of carbonated soft drinks in America fell to a 16-year low in 2011 , according to Beverage Digest .
The average American drank 714 eight-ounce servings of fizzy drinks over the year , with the three most popular being Coke , Diet Coke and Pepsi-Cola .
Since 2005 health-conscious Americans have been slurping fewer high-calorie drinks and more bottled water .
A new anti-clotting drug works better than aspirin for stroke prevention in some patients
New Drug May Help Patients With Irregular Heartbeat Avoid Stroke .
with the common , sometimes lethal , heart rhythm problem known as atrial fibrillation ,
according to research presented Thursday .
The new drug , apixaban , is not yet approved for use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
But study co-author Dr . Hans-Christoph Diener said
the pill " reduced stroke risk [ in patients with atrial fibrillation ] by 55 percent , compared to aspirin " .
He believes that " the results of this clinical trial will change clinical practice " .
Diener , of the department of neurology and the Stroke Center at University Hospital Essen in Germany ,
presented the findings at the annual meeting of the American Stroke Association's International Stroke Conference in Los Angeles .
The findings are also published online Feb . 10 in the New England Journal of Medicine .
In atrial fibrillation ,
an irregular beating of the heart causes blood to pool in the heart's chambers .
The heart can then " throw " clots up into the arteries supplying blood to the brain ,
greatly raising the risks for stroke .
Patients with atrial fibrillation are typically prescribed anticoagulants such as warfarin , which is notoriously hard to manage , Diener said at a news conference announcing the study results .
Anticoagulants taken orally can decrease stroke risk by up to 70 percent , according to Diener , but many patients don't comply with the regimen .
" About half of all patients refuse to take [ warfarin " , ] he noted ,
because its use is accompanied by dietary restrictions and the need for frequent blood tests to check blood levels of the drug .
Some patients also fear the possibility of a known hazard of warfarin , an excess risk for bleeding .
According to background information in the study ,
Many patients who can't or won't take warfarin do take daily aspirin ,
which cuts the odds of stroke in atrial fibrillation by about 20 percent ,
In the new study of apixaban , researchers assigned almost 5,600 patients with atrial fibrillation and an increased risk of stroke ( due to age or prior stroke , for instance ) to one of two groups :
apixaban , at 5 milligrams taken twice daily ;
or aspirin , with doses ranging from 81 to 324 milligrams per day .
The study was done at 522 centers in 36 countries from late 2007 to late 2009 .
The researchers wanted to compare which drug was better at preventing stroke or blockages due to blood clots elsewhere in the body , called systemic embolism .
Among patients on apixaban , there were 51 strokes or embolisms , or 1.6 percent per year , compared to 113 such events , or 3.7 percent , among those on aspirin .
While apixaban patients experienced 44 major bleeding events ,
aspirin takers had 39 , but the difference was not great enough to be significant from a statistical point of view , Diener said .
The study was funded by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer , who are working jointly to develop apixaban .
The drug has been shown in previous research to be better at preventing dangerous leg blood clots and lung clots after hip replacement surgery than an older drug , enoxaparin .
Apixaban works by blocking a crucial step in the formation of blood clots .
The study of the drug's effects on stroke prevention was actually halted early after one year , Diener said ,
because of the huge difference found between the two drugs and the superiority of apixaban .
The new drug isn't yet approved by the FDA and Diener couldn't predict when that might happen .
Results of another study , a head-to-head comparison of apixaban against warfarin , is due out in August , he said .
A 55 percent reduction in stroke risk compared to aspirin is impressive , said Dr . Larry Chinitz ,
He reviewed the study findings but was not involved in the research .
" I think it's a game-changer " for higher risk patients with atrial fibrillation , he said , such as those over age 70 .
The new drug , if approved , '' will certainly improve the lifestyle of patients " , Chinitz said , as it won't require , as warfarin does , frequent blood tests or dietary restriction .
Another new anti-clotting drug , Pradaxa ( dabigatran , )
was approved by the FDA in October 2010 for stroke prevention in those with atrial fibrillation .
It inhibits an enzyme involved in blood clotting .
Capitalism , Version 2012
March 13 , 2012 David Rothkopf ,
the chief executive and editor-at-large of Foreign Policy magazine ,
has a smart new book out , entitled " Power , Inc " , .
about the epic rivalry between big business and government that captures ,
in many ways ,
what the 2012 election should be about 
and it 's not " contraception " ,
although the word does begin with a " C " .
It 's the future of " capitalism " and whether it will be shaped in America or somewhere else .
Rothkopf argues that while for much of the 20th century
the great struggle on the world stage was between capitalism and communism ,
which capitalism won ,
the great struggle in the 21st century will be about which version of capitalism will win ,
which one will prove the most effective at generating growth
and become the most emulated .
" Will it be Beijing's capitalism with Chinese characteristics " ?
" Will it be the democratic development capitalism of India and Brazil ?
Will it be entrepreneurial small-state capitalism of Singapore and Israel ?
Will it be European safety-net capitalism ?
Or will it be American capitalism " ?
It is an intriguing question , which raises another :
What is American capitalism today ,
and what will enable it to thrive in the 21st century ?
Rothkopf's view ,
which I share ,
is that the thing others have most admired
and tried to emulate about American capitalism
is precisely what we 've been ignoring :
America's success for over 200 years was largely due to
its healthy , balanced public-private partnership 
where government provided the institutions , rules , safety nets , education , research and infrastructure
to empower the private sector to innovate ,
invest and take the risks that promote growth and jobs .
When the private sector overwhelms the public , you get the 2008 subprime crisis .
When the public overwhelms the private , you get choking regulations .
You need a balance ,
which is why we have to get past this cartoonish
" argument that the choice is either all government or all the market " ,
argues Rothkopf .
The lesson of history ,
he adds ,
is that capitalism thrives best when you have this balance ,
and " when you lose the balance , you get in trouble " .
For that reason ,
the ideal 2012 election would be one that offered the public competing conservative and liberal versions of the key grand bargains ,
the key balances ,
that America needs to forge to adapt its capitalism to this century .
The first is a grand bargain to fix our long-term structural deficit by phasing in $ 1 in tax increases ,
via tax reform ,
for every $ 3 to $ 4 in cuts to entitlements and defense over the next decade .
If the Republican Party continues to take the view that there must be no tax increases , we're stuck .
Capitalism can't work without safety nets or fiscal prudence ,
and we need both in a sustainable balance .
we will need an intergenerational grand bargain so we don't end up in an intergenerational civil war .
As part of this ,
We need a proper balance between government spending on nursing homes and nursery schools 
on the last six months of life and the first six months of life .
Another grand bargain we need is between the environmental community and the oil and gas industry over how to do two things at once :
safely exploit America's newfound riches in natural gas ,
while simultaneously building a bridge to a low-carbon energy economy ,
with greater emphasis on energy efficiency .
Another grand bargain we need is on infrastructure .
We have more than a $ 2 trillion deficit in bridges , roads , airports , ports and bandwidth ,
and the government doesn't have the money to make it up .
We need a bargain
that enables the government to both enlist and partner with the private sector to unleash private investments in infrastructure that will serve the public
and offer investors appropriate returns .
Within both education and health care , we need grand bargains that better allocate resources between remediation and prevention .
In both health and education , we spend more than anyone else in the world  without better outcomes .
We waste too much money treating people for preventable diseases and reteaching students in college what they should have learned in high school .
Modern capitalism requires skilled workers and workers with portable health care that allows them to move for any job .
We also need a grand bargain between employers , employees and government 
 la Germany 
where government provides the incentives for employers to hire , train and retrain labor .
We can't have any of these bargains , though , without a more informed public debate .
Bill Gates said to me in a recent interview ,
the " big thing that's missing " in U.S. politics today ,
" is this technocratic understanding of the facts and where things are working and where they 're not working " ,
so the debate can be driven by data , not ideology .
Capitalism and political systems  like companies  must constantly evolve to stay vital .
People are watching how we evolve
and whether our version of democratic capitalism can continue to thrive .
A lot is at stake here .
But if " we continue to treat politics as a reality show played for cheap theatrics " ,
argues Rothkopf ,
we increase the likelihood that the next chapter in the ongoing story of capitalism is going to be written somewhere else " .
Production of cognac is a very difficult process that can last for decades .
Some say " it's easy to make cognac ;
you just need your great grandfather , grandfather and father to devote all their lives to it . "
We are in the Crimea , in the cognac house that was founded in 1871 .
The cognac house we are visiting is called Magliv .
It specializes in cognac and grappa production .
Cognac is named after the town of Cognac in France .
Cognac is a variety of brandy .
It is produced in the wine-growing region surrounding the town from which it takes its name .
It is made from specified grapes such as Ugni Blanc , Colombard or Montils .
Ugni Blanc is one of the most widely used at the present time .
After the grapes are pressed in traditional horizontal presses ,
the juice is left to ferment for two or three weeks without adding sugar .
At this point , the resulting wine is about 7 to 8 % alcohol .
Distillation takes place in traditionally shaped Charentais copper stills ,
the design and dimensions of which are legally controlled .
Two distillations must be carried out ;
the resulting eau-de-vie is a colorless spirit of about 70 % alcohol .
Magliv uses Arnold Holstein distillers making 50 L of cognac spirit daily .
Once distillation is complete ,
they age it in oak at the temperature of + 15C for two to fifty years
before it can be sold to the public .
As the cognac interacts with the oak barrel and the air ,
it evaporates at the rate of about three percent each year ,
slowly losing both alcohol and water .
Oak barrels stop contributing to flavor after four or five decades ,
cognac is then transferred to large glass carboys ,
then stored for future blending .
" Staff Only " The age of the cognac is calculated as that of the youngest eau-de-vie used in the blend .
This blending , or marriage , of different eaux-de-vie is important to
obtain a complexity of flavors absent from an eau-de-vie from a single distillery or vineyard .
Each cognac house has a master taster ,
who is responsible for creating this delicate blend of spirits ,
so that the cognac produced by a company today will taste almost exactly the same as the cognac produced by that same company 50 years ago , or in 50 years ' time .
They use membranes for bottling .
They first put an empty bottle onto their bottling line .
Then it gets into a special chamber
where it gets filled with inert gas to put a layer of gas between the cork and the cognac to prevent further oxidation .
They use sterile membrane filtration that
kills microorganisms preserving all organoleptic properties of their cognac .
Corking .
Next time this cognac will inhale some fresh air
when it gets opened on someone's dinner table .
This lady looks at the screen attentively
to identify admixtures in the bottles that slowly pass her by .
Labeling .
Today it is called Alushta .
A tax stamp .
Packing .
Magliv's territory .
A beautiful view of the Black Sea opens from its terrace .
The company also features a tasting room .
Magliv's produce .
" Magarach . "
During another reconstruction ,
they found this key in the hiding place of Professor Golubev ,
the owner of the mansion where the cognac house was founded .
so they keep it behind the glass .
Workers of the company believe it to bring good luck
They also keep Professor Golubev's certificates and diplomas he received for his wine in the 19th and 20th centuries .
THE belief that life begins at 40 is a myth .
Research has found that the fourth decade heralds the beginning of the end .
A study of 2,282 people aged 18 to 87 found that hitting 40 was synonymous with forgetfulness , lack of concentration and poor focus .
While general intelligence appeared to remain stable over time ,
psychologists concluded that everyday mental skills , such as remembering a telephone number or a person's name , showed a marked decline from the age of 40 onwards .
Prof Keith Wesnes , from Cognitive Drug Research Ltd , a private research company in Reading ,
discovered that people aged between 40 and 50 were 15 per cent slower at completing simple computerised tasks than those in their twenties .
He told the British Psychological Society's conference in London :
" The decline is most strongly associated with speed rather than accuracy . "
People in their forties clearly get worse at remembering , recalling and recognising things .
This can be very embarrassing when someone walks into a busy room and can't remember people's names .
At this age you can't focus and ignore distractions to the same extent that you used to .
What causes the decline in memory remains uncertain .
It is understood that as people get older their brain cells lose some of their ability to communicate with each other via chemicals called neurotransmitters .
But researchers insisted that there was no cause for alarm .
" Clinical trials have showed that herbal remedies can help to improve memory among older people .
A recent study found that the memory of people aged between 40 and 65 improved by 7.5 per cent after taking supplements containing ginkgo and ginseng .
London air pollution at record high Traffic fumes , weather and dirty air from northern England and France add up to worst air pollution since 2008's more stringent index
Adam Vaughan Thursday 15 March 2012 12.36
The view of smog covering central London from Hampstead Heath in April 2011 .
Air pollution in London hit record levels on Thursday due to a combination of traffic fumes , relatively still weather and an influx of dirty air from the north of England and northern France .
Poor conditions are affecting a swath of the country as far north as Leeds and York .
Official monitoring stations in the capital show that particles , nitrous oxide , sulphur dioxide and other pollutants have reached levels not recorded since stringent new measurements were introduced in 2008 .
Pollution levels in London are even higher than last Easter ,
when the government was forced to issue a smog alert .
The record high will worry officials preparing for the arrival of the world's best athletes and hundreds of thousands of spectators for the Olympics in four months time .
Health advice from the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) says that adults and children with lung problems , adults with heart problems and all older people should not take any " strenuous physical activity " while pollution is at the recorded levels .
The general population is advised to reduce exercise too .
Recirculated dirty air from Europe and the north of England is partly to blame , along with a lack of wind , said Gary Fuller , senior lecturer in air quality measurement at King's College London .
" Still conditions mean that the pollution from the cars and lorries on the roads today is simply not blowing away .
On top of this , the air over England today was in northern France yesterday and in northern England on Tuesday where it picked up a lot of air pollution from coal burning industries , domestic heating and traffic " .
He added that poor air quality was affecting as far north as Leeds and York ,
and his forecasts suggested the high levels of pollution would continue into tomorrow .
The Met Office said that winds would be light on Friday morning but would be picking up by lunchtime with gusty winds of 25mph ,
followed by further winds on Saturday which should bring pollution levels down .
Simon Birkett , director of the Clean Air in London campaign , said :
" The failure by the mayor to warn Londoners about five smog episodes in a row proves he is desperate to avoid the air pollution issue ahead of the mayoral election . "
It's clear the mayor , who would rather suppress pollution in front of official air quality monitoring stations than save lives ,
is more concerned about getting re-elected than he is about those he represents .
This may be the biggest public health fraud for a generation .
" This month , a report suggested that the 2012 Olympics would have no significant impact on air quality in London .
Changes to road management during the Games are likely to have " broadly neutral impact on air quality , "
Transport for London said .
Since December 2008 , air quality stations in London have been monitoring smaller particles called PM2.5s ,
which are able to enter the bloodstream more easily and cause more respiratory damage than larger particles , such as PM10s .
Fuller said the levels on Thursday were the highest since the new regime was introduced .
A Defra spokeswoman said : "
We want to keep improving air quality and reduce the impact it can have on human health and the environment .
Our air quality has improved significantly in recent decades
and is now generally very good ,
and almost all of the UK meets EU air quality limits for all pollutants .
" There are some limited areas where air pollution remains an issue ,
but that's being dealt with by the air quality plans ,
which set out all the important work being done at national , regional and local levels
to make sure we meet EU limits as soon as we can " .
Last month , the environment secretary , Caroline Spelman , was criticised by an influential group of MPs for rejecting their recommendations to cut pollution on the grounds that it was too costly .
Poor air quality has been linked to nearly one in five deaths a year in London .
The capital's poor air quality , caused largely by traffic ,
has seen the UK facing 300m in fines for breaching EU targets .
The government has successfully lobbied Europe to push back the deadline for meeting the targets .
Users visit mobile sites not only to consume content , but to get things done .
Let's take air travel as an example :
tasks that users often find themselves performing on an airline company's mobile site include checking flight status ,
checking in for a particular flight , and searching for and booking a flight .
How does mobile user interface design support task completion ?
What are the optimal ways of communicating and displaying interactions on mobile sites ?
With the aim of discovering optimal ways of designing simple interactions on mobile devices ,
I examined the task of checking flight status .
I'm hoping that my analysis sheds some light on this topic .
The Interaction :
Checking Flight Status
Travelers can initiate a status check for a flight by locating the flight using its departure date ,
plus either the flight number or the departure and arrival city or airport for the flight .
Sounds simple enough , right ?
Analyzing this task , here are the steps that are involved in checking flight status :
Step 1 Decide whether to check flight status using a flight number or departure or arrival cities .
Step 2 If using a flight number , type the flight number ;
if the departure city and arrival city ,
type the names of the departure and arrival cities or their airport codes .
Step 3  Type a flight date .
Step 4 Submit the form .
It's fairly easy to support this task on the Web .
Simply present both options on a Web page ,
and users can proceed according to the information they have about the flightwhether flight number or departure and arrival cities .
While it's easier to type a flight number than city names or airport codes ,
users tend to remember flight cities better than airport codes or flight numbers .
However , there are a few interesting details that you should consider :
Which question should you ask first :
flight date or flight number or flight cities ?
Which option should you present first :
flight number or flight cities ?
Should you ask for the flight date twice to ensure a complete workflow regardless of whether a user is checking the status of a flight by flight number or flight cities or airport codes ?
Checking Flight Status on the Web Different airlines have answered these questions differently .
Consequently , their Web pages for checking flight status differ somewhat from one another , as Figures 1 and 2 show .
However , these variations don't have that great an impact on a site's user experience .
Usually , there's enough space on a page to present all of the options together ,
allowing users to complete the interaction without confusion .
Small screen size and awkward input using a touch screen are the main factors that can affect mobile user experience .
With companies ' different understandings of these seemingly trivial questions ,
the mobile user interfaces for such an interaction can turn out very different from one another .
And on mobile devices , these differences can impact how easy it is to quickly and successfully check flight status .
Air France displays the two optionsby flight or by cityon the starting screen ,
requiring users to make a choice to proceed ,
as shown in Figure 3 .
This simplifies the user interface , but adds one extra step .
Lufthansa displays both options on the starting page ,
allowing users to input either city name or flight number right there , as shown in Figure 4 .
The page attempts to provide two complete workflows ,
duplicating the flight date box and the control button ,
which increases the page length and pushes the second button below the fold .
Figure 3 Checking flight status on Air France's mobile site
Figure 4  Checking flight status on Lufthansa's mobile site
The Air France example is a stacked-in-time type of design ,
while the Lufthansa example uses proximity in space ,
which I discussed in a previous column on UXmatters , " Designing for the Mobile Web :
Special Considerations , " ( See also Francisco Inchauste's article on UX Magazine , " The Dirtiest Word in UX :
Complexity . " )
If users used the two options  flight departure and destination cities or flight number  equally often ,
Air France's stacked-in-time design would work best , resulting in a simple , clean page design .
However , as I mentioned earlier ,
there are a lot more people who use flight departure and destination cities than flight number when checking flight status .
So it almost seems unnecessary to present both options .
However , these two airlines treat search by flight number as equal to search by flight cities .
American Airlines tries to blend the two methods together by using and/or between them , as shown in Figure 5 .
JetBlue duplicates the flight date box for both options ,
as shown in Figure 6 .
Notice that both American Airlines and JetBlue present search by city before search by flight number .
Therefore , simply because of this one design decision ,
I think these two designs are superior to those in Figure 3 and 4 .
While these two airlines still treat the two options as equal ,
they place a little more emphasis on searching by flight cities .
Figure 5 Checking flight status on American Airline's mobile site
Figure 6 Checking flight status on JetBlue's mobile site
Southwest did several things quite differently from my previous examples ,
as follows :
They not only make the option of checking flight status by cities more prominent , but also make it required .
This solution still allows users to check flight status by flight number ,
but a user must provide the flight cities to proceed .
Perhaps this was a business decision based on analytics data that
indicated the percentage of users who use only flight number when checking status .
They ask for the flight date immediately after asking for the flight cities ,
which intentionally pushes the flight number box to the bottom of the page and makes it easy to ignore that field .
On the Southwest site , the focus is on the option of searching by flight cities .
Figure 7 Checking flight status on Southwest's mobile site
Learnings
The better our understanding of users and their needs , as well as possible interaction models ,
the better our design solutions .
A few thoughts surfaced through my analysis of these sites .
I think they might be useful to the mobile design community ,
especially in regard to the design and display of workflows .
Optimize for more frequent interactions .
The greater the priority we give to more frequently used options ,
the easier the majority of users would find a design to use .
In our example , because the majority of users check flight status by city ,
it's best to give this option greater prominence .
Use a short drop-down list instead of radio buttons for presenting options .
Selecting radio buttons is hard when users are operating a device with their fingers .
Although both JetBlue and Southwest ask for flight date ,
JetBlue requires users to use radio buttons to select a specific date from three options ,
while Southwest uses a short drop-down list ,
making the interaction easier .
Minimize text and instructions .
Users won't spend much time reading text when they're trying to get things done .
Instructions might actually impede an interaction .
The best approach is to make a design as easy as possible to use ,
so no instructions are necessary .
Note the difference between the Lufthansa and Southwest designs in this regard .
Require only minimal typing .
Instead of asking users to type city names or airport codes ,
allow them to select them using a drop-down list .
Reducing the amount of typing users must do on a mobile device makes data entry easier and also helps to reduce user error .
Note the difference between the American Airlines and Southwest designs
the latter requires less typing .
So my questions to you are :
What do you think is the best design among the examples I've discussed ?
How do you think design solutions for simple interactions on mobile devicessuch as checking flight statuscould be improved ?
Do hunger hormones make us fat ?
Weeks after stomach bypass surgery , Marilyn's old trousers no longer fitted
Research into the hormones that control our appetite may offer new ways to help fight obesity , according to scientists investigating how the brain helps regulate what we eat .
At 21 stone , Marilyn Walsh felt she had run out of ways to battle her weight and had developed a sense of fatalism about her future .
" My uncle was about 35 stone " , she said .
" He suffered with weight throughout his whole life - leg problems , stopped walking .
He developed diabetes and lots of other problems .
And he did die because of his weight " .
Given what had happened to her uncle ,
why was Marilyn , a 38-year-old housewife and mum from London , not able to reduce her weight through dieting ?
" It would be a bit like saying : '
Why can't an alcoholic stop drinking ' ?
' Why can't a smoker stop smoking ?
' It's exactly the same " , she said .
" It's something that's been with me all my life .
I'm always hungry , and always wanting food " .
Constant craving Everyone knows what it feels like to be hungry ,
but to have a constant craving and the inability to feel satisfied in the way that Marilyn described was clearly more unusual .
Marilyn was 21 stone before the operation
But what is different about people like Marilyn ?
Over the past six months , Marilyn has undergone an operation to reduce her weight -
an operation which has helped reveal some surprising insights into the mechanisms that control appetite in all of us .
Dr Carel Le Roux , of Imperial College and King's College Hospital in London ,
studies obesity and the underlying processes that help control the decisions we all make to eat - or overeat .
In 2001 , the research unit at Imperial discovered vital clues .
They identified two previously unknown hormones called PYY and ghrelin
which seem to play a part in our sensations of fullness and hunger .
Ghrelin was linked to the sensation of hunger and PYY to fullness .
" It completely opened up a new chapter " , said Dr Le Roux , "
because for the first time we understood that the gut can actually talk to the brain and influence how hungry you are , or how full you are " .
For many obese patients ,
Dr Le Roux has found that concentrations of hunger hormones are in many cases significantly different from those in thin people .
Their PYY , which should tell them when to stop eating , is not working properly .
Instead their hormones are making them feel permanently hungry -
just as Marilyn had described .
Drastic intervention Last October ,
Marilyn was admitted to King's College Hospital to undergo a stomach bypass operation .
She and her doctors had decided that for a case like hers ,
surgery might be the only option .
The surgery involved cutting her stomach in two ,
and connecting only the smaller part to her small intestines .
Effectively her stomach was reduced from the size of a fist to the size of a thumb .
It is drastic surgery .
She would never be able to eat a full meal again -
but it would profoundly affect her weight .
But Dr Le Roux had another motive for performing the operation .
According to his research ,
this operation has a powerful and unexpected side-effect .
As well as reducing her stomach , the operation would also re-balance her hormones .
And for the first time in her life , Marilyn would , in effect ,
stop thinking like a fat person and think -
and behave - like a thin one .
Brain activity
A few weeks after her operation , Marilyn had lost more than four stone .
But what seemed just as significant was how her taste had changed .
" I don't like the sweet or the fatty " , she said .
" The fatty isn't appealing any more . "
And the fat on the roof of your mouth , that was horrible ,
trying to get rid of that takes a long time .
" The change in Marilyn was not unusual , according to Dr Le Roux . "
Doctor , where did the surgeon do the operation ?
Did they operate on my tummy or did they operate on my head ,
because I don't feel hungry any more .
When I do eat I feel full and all these changes have really happened in my head ' .
" Psychiatrist Dr Samantha Scholtz has been researching how the brain responds to different kinds of food .
Pictures of " healthy " and " unhealthy " foods are shown to patients while an MRI scan measures how the brain reacts .
Obese parents display considerable brain activity , she has found .
Stimulated areas of the brain include the orbital frontal cortex ,
associated with reward ,
and other areas associated with addiction and an emotional response to food .
But what was surprising was how that response changed in patients who had undergone gastric bypass surgery .
Their brain activity totally changed . "
In effect , with bypass surgery we are changing someone's brain fundamentally " , said Dr Scholtz . "
Their reaction to seeing high-calorie food is different ,
and that would ultimately drive their choices of food
so that they stop having that battle with food .
" Gastric surgery is a drastic intervention - and a controversial one .
But Dr Le Roux believes that within a few years it may be possible to engineer a change in the way obese people respond to food in other ways . "
Maybe we can use devices .
We can put things into the bowel or we can use injections or pills that actually will do what the operations are achieving .
Now if we do that , it opens up the whole science of obesity .
Bernie Madoff 's Ponzi Scheme Bernard Madoff pulled off the biggest financial scheme in history .
When Bernie Madoff admitted that his investment firm was " just one big lie " , it was an understatement .
In 2008 , he confessed to having conned about $ 50 billion from investors who trusted him with their savings .
Madoff used the formula of a Ponzi scheme to keep up the fraud for more than a decade .
This classic lie is named after the notorious Charles Ponzi ,
who used the ploy in the early 20th century .
It works like this :
A schemer promises investors great returns ,
but instead of investing the money ,
he keeps some for himself and uses the funds from new investments to pay off earlier investors .
Madoff may not have invented this lie , but he took it to new lengths .
For one , he made a record amount of money from the scheme .
But he was also able to keep it going much longer than most Ponzi schemers .
Usually , the scam falls apart quickly because it requires the schemer to constantly find more and more investors .
It was also an especially shocking lie because Madoff ,
as a former chairman of NASDAQ ,
had been an accomplished and respected expert in the financial field .
Compare this to Charles Ponzi , who was a petty ex-con by the time he launched his scheme .
7 .
Anna Anderson , Alias Anastasia The real Anastasia , left , was 17 when she was executed .
With the onslaught of the Russian Revolution , the existence of a royal family was intolerable to the Bolsheviks .
In 1918 , they massacred the royal Romanov family -- Czar Nicholas II , his wife , son and four daughters -- to ensure that no legitimate heir could later resurface and rally the public for support .
Soon , rumors floated around that certain members of the royal family had escaped and survived .
As one might expect , claimants came out of the woodwork .
" Anna Anderson " was the most famous .
In 1920 , Anderson was admitted to a hospital after attempting suicide and confessed that she was Princess Anastasia , the youngest daughter of the royal family .
She stood out from other claimants because she held a certain resemblance to and surprising knowledge of the Russian family and life at court .
Although a few relatives and acquaintances who 'd known Anastasia believed Anderson , most didn't .
By 1927 , an alleged former roommate of Anderson claimed that her name was Franziska Schanzkowska ,
not Anna and certainly not Anastasia .
This didn't stop Anderson from indulging in celebrity and attempting to cash in on a royal inheritance .
She ultimately lost her case in the legal proceedings that dragged on for decades ,
but she stuck to her story until her death in 1984 .
Years later , upon the discovery of what proved to be the remains of the royal family ,
DNA tests confirmed her to be a fake .
In 2009 , experts were able to finally confirm that all remains have been found and that no family member escaped execution in 1918 .
6 .
Titus Oates and the Plot to Kill Charles II Titus Oates is depicted standing in the pillory after being convicted of purjury .
By the time he fabricated his notorious plot ,
Titus Oates already had a history of deception and general knavery .
He 'd been expelled from some of England's finest schools as well as the navy .
Oates was even convicted of perjury and escaped imprisonment .
But his biggest lie was still ahead of him .
Raised Protestant by an Anabaptist preacher ,
Oates entered Cambridge as a young man to study for Anglican orders .
After misconduct got him dismissed from his Anglican post ,
he started associating with Catholic circles and feigned conversion .
With the encouragement of fellow anti-Catholic Israel Tonge ,
Oates infiltrated enemy territory by entering a Catholic seminary .
In fact , he entered two seminaries -- both of which expelled him .
But it hardly mattered .
By this time , he had gathered enough inside information and names to wreak enormous havoc .
In 1678 , Oates concocted and pretended to uncover a plot in which the Jesuits were planning to murder King Charles II .
The idea was that they wanted to replace Charles with his Catholic brother , James .
What ensued was a three-year panic that fueled anti-Catholic sentiment and resulted in the executions of about 35 people .
After Charles died in 1685 , James became king and had Oates tried for perjury .
Oates was convicted , pilloried and imprisoned .
He only spent a few years in jail , however , as the Glorious Revolution swept through England in 1688 .
Without James in power , Oates got off with a pardon and a pension .
5 .
Piltdown Man Dr . Alvan T . Marston explains that the Piltdown skull is a hoax .
After Charles Darwin published his revolutionary " On the Origin of Species " in 1859 ,
scientists scrambled to find fossil evidence of extinct human ancestors . They sought these so-called " missing links " to fill in the gaps on the timeline of human evolution .
When archaeologist Charles Dawson unearthed what he thought was a missing link in 1910 , what he really found was one of the biggest hoaxes in history .
The discovery was the Piltdown man , pieces of a skull and jaw with molars located in the Piltdown quarry in Sussex , England .
Dawson brought his discovery to prominent paleontologist Arthur Smith Woodward ,
who touted its authenticity to his dying day .
Although the discovery gained world renown ,
the lie behind Piltdown man slowly and steadily unraveled .
In the ensuing decades , other major discoveries suggested Piltdown man didn't fit in the story of human evolution .
By the 1950s , tests revealed that the skull was only 600 years old and the jaw came from an orangutan .
Some knowledgeable person apparently manipulated these pieces ,
including filing down and staining the teeth .
The scientific world had been duped .
So who was behind the fraud ?
Many suspects have surfaced , including Dawson himself .
Today , most signs point to Martin A . C . Hinton ,
a museum volunteer at the time of the discovery .
A trunk bearing his initials contained bones that were stained in exactly the same way the Piltdown fossils were .
Perhaps he was out to embarrass his boss , Arthur Smith Woodward , who refused to give him a weekly salary .
The early light of morning lay rosy red upon the mountains ,
and a fresh breeze rustled through the fir trees and set their ancient branches waving to and fro .
The sound awoke Heidi and she opened her eyes .
The roaring in the trees always stirred a strong emotion within her and seemed to drew her irresistibly to them .
So she jumped out of bed and dressed herself as quickly as she could ,
but it took her some time even then ,
for she was careful now to be always clean and tidy .
When she went down her ladder she found her grandfather had already left the hut .
He was standing outside looking at the sky and examining the landscape as he did every morning ,
to see what sort of weather it was going to be .
Little pink clouds were floating over the sky ,
that was growing brighter and bluer with every minute ,
while the heights and the meadow lands were turning gold under the rising sun ,
which was just appearing above the topmost peaks .
" O how beautiful !
how beautiful !
Good-morning , grandfather " !
cried Heidi , running out .
" What , you are awake already , are you " ?
he answered , giving her a morning greeting .
Then Heidi ran round to the fir trees to enjoy the sound she loved so well ,
and with every fresh gust of wind which came roaring through their branches she gave a fresh jump and cry of delight .
Meanwhile the grandfather had gone to milk the goats ;
this done he brushed and washed them , ready for their mountain excursion , and brought them out of their shed .
As soon as Heidi caught sight of her two friends she ran and embraced them ,
and they bleated in return ,
while they vied with each other in showing their affection by poking their heads against her and trying which could get nearest her ,
so that she was almost crushed between them .
But Heidi was not afraid of them ,
and when the lively Little Bear gave rather too violent a thrust ,
she only said ,
" No , Little Bear , you are pushing like the Great Turk " ,
and Little Bear immediately drew back his head and left off his rough attentions ,
while Little Swan lifted her head and put on an expression as much as to say ,
" No one shall ever accuse me of behaving like the Great Turk " .
For White Swan was a rather more distinguished person than Brown Bear .
And now Peter's whistle was heard and all the goats came along ,
leaping and springing ,
and Heidi soon found herself surrounded by the whole flock ,
pushed this way and that by their obstreperous greetings ,
but at last she managed to get through them to where Snowflake was standing ,
for the young goat had in vain striven to reach her .
Peter now gave a last tremendous whistle ,
in order to startle the goats and drive them off ,
for he wanted to get near himself to say something to Heidi .
The goats sprang aside and he came up to her .
" Can you come out with me to-day " ?
he asked , evidently unwilling to hear her refuse .
" I am afraid I cannot , Peter " , she answered .
" I am expecting them every minute from Frankfurt , and I must be at home when they come " .
" You have said the same thing for days now " , grumbled Peter .
" I must continue to say it till they come " , replied Heidi .
" How can you think , Peter , that I would be away when they came ?
As if I could do such a thing " ?
" They would find Uncle at home " ,
he answered with a snarling voice .
But at this moment the grandfather's stentorian voice was heard .
" Why is the army not marching forward ?
Is it the field-marshal who is missing or some of the troops " ?
Whereupon Peter turned and went off ,
swinging his stick round so that it whistled through the air , and the goats ,
who understood the signal ,
started at full trot for their mountain pasture ,
Peter following in their wake .
Since Heidi had been back with her grandfather things came now and then into her mind of which she had never thought in former days .
So now , with great exertion ,
she put her bed in order every morning , patting and stroking it till she had got it perfectly smooth and flat .
Then she went about the room downstairs ,
put each chair back in its place ,
and if she found anything lying about she put it in the cupboard .
After that she fetched a duster , climbed on a chair ,
and rubbed the table till it shone again .
When the grandfather came in later he would look round well pleased and say to himself ,
" We look like Sunday every day now ;
Heidi did not go abroad for nothing " .
After Peter had departed and she and her grandfather had breakfasted ,
Heidi began her daily work as usual ,
but she did not get on with it very fast .
It was so lovely out of doors to-day ,
and every minute something happened to interrupt her in her work .
Now it was a bright beam of sun shining cheerfully through the open window ,
and seeming to say , " Come out , Heidi , come out " !
Heidi felt she could not stay indoors ,
and she ran out in answer to the call .
The sunlight lay sparkling on everything around the hut and on all the mountains and far away along the valley ,
and the grass slope looked so golden and inviting that she was obliged to sit down for a few minutes and look about her .
Then she suddenly remembered that her stool was left standing in the middle of the floor and that the table had not been rubbed ,
and she jumped up and ran inside again .
But it was not long before the fir trees began their old song ;
Heidi felt it in all her limbs , and again the desire to run outside was irresistible ,
and she was off to play and leap to the tune of the waving branches .
The grandfather , who was busy in his work-shed , stepped out from time to time smiling to watch her at her gambols .
He had just gone back to his work on one of these occasions when Heidi called out , " Grandfather !
grandfather !
Come , come " !
He stepped quickly out , almost afraid something had happened to the child ,
but he saw her running towards where the mountain path descended , crying , " They are coming !
they are coming !
and the doctor is in front of them " !
Heidi rushed forward to welcome her old friend ,
who held out his hands in greeting to her .
When she came up to him she clung to his outstretched arm ,
and exclaimed in the joy of her heart ,
" Good-morning , doctor , and thank you ever so many times " .
" God bless you , child !
what have you got to thank me for " ?
asked the doctor , smiling .
" For being at home again with grandfather " , the child explained .
The doctor 's face brightened as if a sudden ray of sunshine had passed across it ;
he had not expected such a reception as this .
Lost in the sense of his loneliness he had climbed the mountain without heeding how beautiful it was on every side ,
and how more and more beautiful it became the higher he got .
He had quite thought that Heidi would have forgotten him ;
she had seen so little of him , and he had felt rather like one bearing a message of disappointment , anticipating no great show of favor , coming as he did without the expected friends .
But instead , here was Heidi , her eyes dancing for joy ,
and full of gratitude and affection ,
clinging to the arm of her kind friend .
He took her by the hand with fatherly tenderness .
" Take me now to your grandfather , Heidi , and show me where you live " .
But Heidi still remained standing , looking down the path with a questioning gaze .
" Where are Clara and grandmother " ?
she asked .
" Ah , now I have to tell you something which you will be as sorry about as I am " , answered the doctor .
" You see , Heidi , I have come alone .
Clara was very ill and could not travel ,
and so the grandmother stayed behind too .
But next spring , when the days grow warm and long again , they are coming here for certain " .
Heidi was greatly concerned ;
she could not at first bring herself to believe that what she had for so long been picturing to herself was not going to happen after all .
She stood motionless for a second or two ,
overcome by the unexpected disappointment .
The doctor said nothing further ;
all around lay the silence ,
only the sighing of the fir trees could be heard from where they stood .
Then Heidi suddenly remembered why she had run down there ,
and that the doctor had really come .
She lifted her eyes and saw the sad expression in his as he looked down at her ;
she had never seen him with that look on his face when she was in Frankfurt .
It went to Heidi's heart ;
she could not bear to see anybody unhappy ,
especially her dear doctor .
No doubt it was because Clara and grandmother could not come ,
and so she began to think how best she might console him .
" Oh , it won't be very long to wait for spring , and then they will be sure to come " ,
she said in a reassuring voice .
" Time passes very quickly with us ,
and then they will be able to stay longer when they are here ,
and Clara will be pleased at that .
Now let us go and find grandfather " .
Hand in hand with her friend she climbed up to the hut .
She was so anxious to make the doctor happy again that she began once more assuring him that the winter passed so quickly on the mountain that it was hardly to be taken account of ,
and that summer would be back again before they knew it ,
and she became so convinced of the truth of her own words that she called out quite cheerfully to her grandfather as they approached ,
" They have not come to-day , but they will be here in a very short time " .
The doctor was no stranger to the grandfather , for the child had talked to him so much about her friend .
The old man held out his hand to his guest in friendly greeting .
Then the two men sat down in front of the hut , and Heidi had her little place too , for the doctor beckoned her to come and sit beside him .
The doctor told Uncle how Herr Sesemann had insisted on his taking this journey ,
and he felt himself it would do him good as he had not been quite the thing for a long time .
Then he whispered to Heidi that there was something being brought up the mountain which had travelled with him from Frankfurt ,
and which would give her even more pleasure than seeing the old doctor .
Heidi got into a great state of excitement on hearing this , wondering what it could be ,
The old man urged the doctor to spend as many of the beautiful autumn days on the mountain as he could ,
and at least to come up whenever it was fine ;
lie could not offer him a lodging , as he had no place to put him ;
he advised the doctor , however , not to go back to Ragatz , but to stay at Dorfli , where there was a clean tidy little inn .
Then the doctor could come up every morning ,
which would do him no end of good ,
and if he liked , he , the grandfather , would act as his guide to any part of the mountains he would like to see .
The doctor was delighted with this proposal , and it was settled that it should be as the grandfather suggested .
Meanwhile the sun had been climbing up the sky , and it was now noon .
The wind had sunk and the fir trees stood motionless .
The air was still wonderfully warm and mild for that height , while a delicious freshness was mingled with the warmth of the sun .
Alm-Uncle now rose and went indoors , returning in a few minutes with a table which he placed in front of the seat .
" There , Heidi , now run in and bring us what we want for the table " , he said .
" The doctor must take us as he finds us ;
if the food is plain ,
he will acknowledge that the dining-room is pleasant " .
" I should think so indeed " , replied the doctor as he looked down over the sun-lit valley , "
and I accept the kind invitation ;
everything must taste good up here " .
Heidi ran backwards and forwards as busy as a bee and brought out everything she could find in the cupboard , for she did not know how to be pleased enough that she could help to entertain the doctor .
The grandfather meanwhile had been preparing the meal ,
and now appeared with a steaming jug of milk and golden-brown toasted cheese .
Then he cut some thin slices from the meat he had cured himself in the pure air ,
and the doctor enjoyed his dinner better than he had for a whole year past .
" Our Clara must certainly come up here " ,
he said ,
" it would make her quite a different person ,
and if she ate for any length of time as I have to-day ,
she would grow plumper than any one has ever known her before " .
As he spoke a man was seen coming up the path carrying a large package on his back .
When he reached the hut tie threw it on the ground and drew in two or three good breaths of the mountain air .
" Ah , here's what travelled with me from Frankfurt " ,
said the doctor , rising ,
and he went up to the package and began undoing it ,
Heidi looking on in great expectation .
After he had released it from its heavy outer covering ,
" There , child " , he said ,
" now you can go on unpacking your treasures yourself " .
Heidi undid her presents one by one until they were all displayed ;
she could not speak the while for wonder and delight .
Not till the doctor went up to her again and opened the large box to show Heidi the cakes that were for the grandmother to eat with her coffee ,
did she at last give a cry of joy , exclaiming ,
" Now grandmother will have nice things to eat " ,
and she wanted to pack everything up again and start at once to give them to her .
But the grandfather said he should walk down with the doctor that evening and she could go with them and take the things .
Heidi now found the packet of tobacco which she ran and gave to her grandfather ;
he was so pleased with it that he immediately filled his pipe with some , and the two men then sat down together again ,
the smoke curling up from their pipes as they talked of all kinds of things ,
while Heidi continued to examine first one and then another of her presents .
Suddenly she ran up to them , and standing in front of the doctor waited till there was a pause in the conversation , and then said ,
" No , the other thing has not given me more pleasure than seeing you , doctor " .
The two men could not help laughing , and the doctor answered that he should never have thought it .
As the sun began to sink behind the mountains the doctor rose , thinking it was time to return to Dorfli and seek for quarters .
The grandfather carried the cakes and the shawl and the large sausage , and the doctor took Heidi 's hand ,
so they all three started down the mountain .
Arrived at Peter's home Heidi bid the others good-bye ;
she was to wait at grandmother's till her grandfather , who was going on to Dorfli with his guest , returned to fetch her .
As the doctor shook hands with her she asked ,
" Would you like to come out with the goats to-morrow morning " ?
for she could think of no greater treat to offer him .
" Agreed " !
answered the doctor , " we will go together " ,
Heidi now ran in to the grandmother ;
she first , with some effort , managed to carry in the box of cakes ;
then she ran out again and brought in the sausage - for her grandfather had put the presents down by the door - and then a third time for the shawl .
She had placed them as close as she could to the grandmother ,
so that the latter might be able to feel them and understand what was there .
The shawl she laid over the old woman's knees .
" They are all from Frankfurt , from Clara and grandmamma " ,
she explained to the astonished grandmother and Brigitta ,
the latter having watched her dragging in all the heavy things ,
unable to imagine what was happening .
" And you are very pleased with the cakes , aren't you , grandmother ?
taste how soft they are " !
said Heidi over and over again , to which the grandmother continued to answer , " Yes , yes , Heidi , I should think so !
what kind people they must be " !
And then she would pass her hand over the warm thick shawl and add ,
" This will be beautiful for the cold winter !
I never thought I should ever have such a splendid thing as this to put on " .
Heidi could not help feeling some surprise at the grandmother seeming to take more pleasure in the shawl than the cakes .
Meanwhile Brigitta stood gazing at the sausage with almost an expression of awe .
She had hardly in her life seen such a monster sausage , much less owned one ,
and she could scarcely believe her eyes .
She shook her head and said doubtfully ,
" I must ask Uncle what it is meant for " ,
But Heidi answered without hesitation ,
" It is meant for eating , not for anything else " .
Peter came tumbling in at this minute .
" Uncle is just behind me , he is coming - " he began , and then stopped short ,
for his eye had caught sight of the sausage ,
and he was too much taken aback to say more .
But Heidi understood that her grandfather was near and so said good-bye to grandmother .
The old man now never passed the door without going in to wish the old woman good-day ,
and she liked to hear his footstep approaching ,
for he always had a cheery word for her .
But to-day it was growing late for Heidi ,
who was always up with the lark ,
and the grandfather would never let her go to bed after hours ;
so this evening he only called good-night through the open door and started home at once with the child ,
and the two climbed under the starlit sky back to their peaceful dwelling .
Yoga and Sex Scandals :
No Surprise Here The wholesome image of yoga took a hit in the past few weeks
as a rising star of the discipline came tumbling back to earth .
John Friend , the founder of Anusara ,
one of the world's fastest-growing styles ,
after accusations of sexual impropriety with female students ,
told followers that he was stepping down for an indefinite period of " self-reflection , therapy and personal retreat " .
CELEBRITY GURU Swami Muktananda had many thousands of devotees , including celebrities .
A senior aide charged that he was a serial philanderer and sexual hypocrite .
Getting serious about girl talk ;
coming to grips with a scary pollutant ;
and the science of yoga .
John Friend's sexual indiscretions upset many devotees of Anusara yoga , which he founded .
Mr . Friend preached a gospel of gentle poses mixed with openness aimed at fostering love and happiness .
But Elena Brower , a former confidante ,
has said that insiders knew of his " penchant for women " and his love of " partying and fun " .
Few had any idea about his sexual indiscretions , she added .
The apparent hypocrisy has upset many followers .
" Those folks are devastated " , Ms . Brower wrote in The Huffington Post .
" They 're understandably disappointed to hear that he cheated on his girlfriends repeatedly " and " lied to so many " .
But this is hardly the first time that yoga's enlightened facade has been cracked by sexual scandal .
Why does yoga produce so many philanderers ?
And why do the resulting uproars leave so many people shocked and distraught ?
One factor is ignorance .
Yoga teachers and how-to books seldom mention that the discipline began as a sex cult 
an omission that leaves many practitioners open to libidinal surprise .
Hatha yoga  the parent of the styles now practiced around the globe 
began as a branch of Tantra .
In medieval India ,
Tantra devotees sought to fuse the male and female aspects of the cosmos into a blissful state of consciousness .
The rites of Tantric cults , while often steeped in symbolism ,
could also include group and individual sex .
One text advised devotees to revere the female sex organ and enjoy vigorous intercourse .
Candidates for worship included actresses and prostitutes , as well as the sisters of practitioners .
Hatha originated as a way to speed the Tantric agenda .
It used poses , deep breathing and stimulating acts 
including intercourse 
to hasten rapturous bliss .
In time , Tantra and Hatha developed bad reputations .
The main charge was that practitioners indulged in sexual debauchery under the pretext of spirituality .
Early in the 20th century , the founders of modern yoga worked hard to remove the Tantric stain .
They devised a sanitized discipline that played down the old eroticism for a new emphasis on health and fitness .
B . K . S . Iyengar , the author of " Light on Yoga " , published in 1965 , exemplified the change .
His book made no mention of Hatha's Tantric roots
and praised the discipline as a panacea
that could cure nearly 100 ailments and diseases .
And so modern practitioners have embraced a whitewashed simulacrum of Hatha .
But over the decades , many have discovered from personal experience that the practice can fan the sexual flames .
Pelvic regions can feel more sensitive and orgasms more intense .
Science has begun to clarify the inner mechanisms .
In Russia and India , scientists have measured sharp rises in testosterone 
a main hormone of sexual arousal in both men and women .
Czech scientists working with electroencephalographs have shown how poses can result in bursts of brainwaves indistinguishable from those of lovers .
More recently , scientists at the Universityof British Columbia have documented how fast breathing  done in many yoga classes  can increase blood flow through the genitals .
The effect was found to be strong enough to promote sexual arousal
not only in healthy individuals but among those with diminished libidos .
Noyer Takes Swipe at British Economy
Financial Times
The governor of France's central bank has said Britain is more deserving of losing its top-notch credit rating than France as Paris braces itself for a potential downgrade of the country's triple A status .
Christian Noyer , head of the Bank of France , said a French downgrade would not be justified on economic fundamentals .
On that basis , he said : " They should begin by downgrading the United Kingdom which has bigger deficits , more debt , higher inflation , less growth than us and where credit is shrinking " .
Accusing the agencies of being driven by political factors , Mr Noyer said they had become " incomprehensible and irrational . "
" They launch threats , even though [ eurozone ] states have taken strong and positive decisions ..
a downgrade does not seem to me justified based on economic fundamentals " , he told Le Tlgramme newspaper in Brittany .
Franois Fillon , prime minister , added to rising expectations of a French downgrade , saying during a visit to So Paulo that it was probable that Paris would face " more jolts " as it battled to overcome the crisis .
He was the fourth senior government member this week to suggest that a downgrade was looming , including President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Underlining the potential for a downgrade , Insee , the official statistics body , on Thursday evening predicted the French economy would shrink in the last quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2012 , threatening the government's deficit reduction plans .
Mr Sarkozy's centre-right government had until this week stressed the importance of preserving the country's triple A , making it a central political goal .
It has rolled out two emergency Budget packages since August in a bid to contain France's rising debt and hold on to the rating .
But officials now argue that markets have already largely priced in the additional borrowing costs that would be a principal effect of a downgrade .
With yields on French 10-year bonds still only just above 3 percent despite recent rises , they argue the country could withstand even a further increase .
However , a French downgrade could still cause major upheaval for the eurozone's main financial rescue fund , the European Financial Stability Facility ( EFSF , ) which also currently has a triple A rating but is on an S&amp;P credit watch .
The EFSF 's 440 billion euros in lending capacity is based on guarantees from the six eurozone countries with triple A ratings , and a French downgrade would mean the fund would lose 158 billion euros in those guarantees  in essence lowering its headline firepower to about 300 billion euros .
With existing commitments for Greek , Irish and Portuguese bail-outs , the fund would potentially have only about 150 billion euros to deal with the heightening strains in Italy and Spain .
In order to maintain its triple A rating , which officials have vowed to do , the EFSF would likely have to be restructured so that it holds on to some cash that it would have originally lent to bail-out countries  a scheme abandoned earlier this year in an effort to increase its firepower .
France was among 15 eurozone members put on negative watch by Standard &amp; Poor's earlier this month  but it was the only one of six single currency countries with a triple A rating threatened with a two-notch downgrade .
Britain 's triple A is not currently under threat .
S&amp;P said it would decide on taking action after it had judged the outcome of last week's European Union summit on the sovereign debt crisis .
Moody's , a rival agency , has already commented that the summit did not diminish the risk of downward ratings revisions .
Google , the world's most popular search engine , is expanding its reach in the lucrative online travel business .
In March , Google added hotel links to its Maps application , listing hotels with room rates available to some users .
Google also is reportedly in talks to pay $ 1 billion to acquire ITA Software , which develops fare-shopping software for online travel agencies , airlines and fare-search-only sites , such as Bing Travel and Kayak .
Incorporating fares into Google search results would keep customers more engaged in its applications while they plan for travel , a prospect that could unnerve other fare sites .
Users would be able to type in their destination and travel dates , and see flights and prices .
Now , Google users can plug in dates and cities , but only get links to other booking sites , such as Orbitz , Expedia and Hotwire .
Google declined to comment about the acquisition talks .
But , says Google spokeswoman Victoria Katsarou , " We always have travel in mind . We're trying to make it easier for our users " .
The potential acquisition , if completed , " would be a game changer and a clear signal of Google's interest in travel " , says Steve Kaufer , CEO of TripAdvisor .
Analysts say Google is interested in providing information but not offering bookings .
Google relies on advertising revenue from online travel agencies and has said in the past it doesn't want to engage in transactions .
" I doubt Google would ever want to take a reservation " , Kaufer says .
Norm Rose , president of Travel Tech Consulting , says Google will likely rely on other sites for buying tickets .
" If you hear that it's bad news for online travel agencies , it's premature " , he says .
But if Google moves to offer fare results , it could threaten shopping sites that similarly provide only fares .
" It could be difficult for sites like Kayak to maintain competitiveness " , Rose says .
Kayak didn't reply to a request to comment .
Google's interest in fare information may have been triggered by Microsoft's acquisition of Farecast two years ago , Rose says .
Using Farecast 's software , Microsoft introduced a travel site in its latest search engine , Bing , that stood out from the pack by providing predictions on whether fares would rise or fall .
Bing 's Mike Fridgen says search engines are " clearly the No . 1 referral to travel sites today " .
Noting Bing Travel's growth since it was launched last year , Fridgen says about 60 % of travel shoppers start travel planning with a search engine .
Google has an array of tools available that would make shopping for fares different from shopping for them on other sites .
For example , Google could choose to display fares on its global map , allowing armchair travelers to browse through fares from their home city , Rose says .
It could also expand offerings in travel itinerary management , in which travelers can store all their reservations , he says .
" There has to be another piece to this " , he says .
Meanwhile , Google 's mobile phone operating system , Android , is gaining in popularity .
And Google Maps allows users to tailor it for their trips and provides public transportation information .
When we think of a " fat burner " , typically what comes to mind is something we ingest , like a pill or powder .
However , science has shown us that a whole other realm of fat fighters exists that don't come in a bottle .
Among the most potent of these unconventional diet supplements is music .
The fact that we 're influenced by music should come as no surprise .
Those who exercise to music have long recognized the intoxicating power of an adrenaline-boosting song .
But recent studies show that music does more than just get us going or " pump us up " .
It may actually alter the body 's physiology ,
or as Rock ' n ' Roll Hall of Famer Carlos Santana puts it , " rearrange the molecular structure of the listener " .
Faster-Paced Music Fuels Fat Loss
The most recent of these studies investigating this peculiar phenomenon comes from the Department of Life Sciences at England 's Nottingham Trent University .
In this study , published last year in the Journal of Sports Medicine and Physical Fitness , Dr. Attila Szabo and colleagues set out to investigate whether musical tempo and its manipulation during exercise affect maximal workload ( measured in watts ) achieved during progressive cycling .
To test this , the researchers recruited 24 male and female college students and had them each cycle in five separate test sessions that included exercising to no music ( the control group ) ; slow music ; fast music ; slow-to-fast music ; and finally fast-to-slow music .
In the last two conditions , musical tempo was changed when the participant 's heart rate reached 70 percent of maximum .
In all the test sessions , the participants started to cycle at 50 watts
and then the workload was increased in increments of 25 watts every minute until self-declared exhaustion .
Maximal-effort cycling was defined as the workload at the last completed minute of exercise .
According to Dr. Szabo ,
results showed that a significantly higher workload was accomplished when the participants worked out to progressively " faster-paced " music .
" The participants referred the slow-to-fast music sessions more than the other sessions " ,
" Switching to slow-to-fast music during progressive exercise results in the accomplishment of more work ( and increased fat burning ) without proportional changes in heart rate " .
Whether these effects are due to an actual " rearrangement of the molecular structure " of the exerciser or simply to distraction from fatigue is n't clear .
What is apparent , however , is the powerful effect progressively faster paced music can have on increasing exercise workload .
Of course , consistency is the key to achieving greater fat-loss results with music .
If done consistently over a period of weeks , listening to progressively faster-paced , uplifting music during your workouts could very well be associated with increased cardiovascular conditioning , but greater fat loss , as well .
Ending the One-Child Policy By Vikram Nehru
Over 30 years ago , in 1980 , China launched its one-child policy .
Today , the country 's demographic dividend is spent .
Its labor force is set to decline in absolute terms .
The old-age dependency ratio ( the number of people above the age of 65 for every person of working age ) is expected to double over the next two decades , reaching the level of Norway or the Netherlands by 2030 .
Some observers have put two and two together and argued that the one-child policy has been the reason behind this demographic transition .
But that 's not so .
The sharp decline in China 's fertility rate  from 5.9 in 1960 to 1965 to near 1.5 today  would probably have occurred anyway .
After all , other rapidly growing East Asian countries also have fertility rates that have declined just as fast as China 's , such as Korea , Thailand , and even Indonesia ( although Indonesia , with a lower per capita income , is behind by a couple of decades . )
And none of them had a one-child policy .
The reason behind declining fertility rates in most countries is rising incomes and living standards .
As these factors rise , health services improve , which in turn reduces infant and child mortality .
Couples do n't find it necessary to have many children to help them in their old age .
Higher incomes and more education , especially for young girls , means that women tend to have fewer children later in life .
Moreover , children become less important as a safety net in old age as other social security instruments become available .
And with higher incomes , education is less a luxury and more a necessity
and the cost of education becomes an important factor in deciding family size .
It 's true that these factors were not predominant in the decision making of most Chinese couples .
Their decisions were dictated by the one-child policy .
But had the one-child policy not been in place , there 's a strong likelihood that the decision to have fewer children would have been voluntary with exactly the same results
just as it was in Thailand and Korea .
Interestingly , China 's one-child policy was n't applied uniformly across the country .
Urban areas were stricter than rural ones , and different provinces had different rules .
Minorities were usually exempted .
When couples had a child with disabilities , they were allowed to have a second child .
Given the preference of most Chinese to have at least one son , those with a daughter were sometimes allowed to have another child ( especially in rural areas . )
More recently , some provincial governments have relaxed the requirements in a few select areas as a policy experiment .
In most , if not all cases , the fertility rate has barely budged .
All this suggests that if the one-child policy were to be removed tomorrow , China 's fertility rate would probably not rise appreciably .
And even if it did , it would be a one-off increase and would immediately begin to fall again .
Indeed , if China were to grant its rural population and urban migrants the same access to social services as urban residents enjoy , the fertility rate is likely to decline even faster .
So removing the one-child policy is n't likely to have any impact on the overall population of China .
The government recognizes this and is beginning to dismantle it , albeit slowly .
This slow pace is unfortunate for two reasons .
First , parents choosing a second child are prevented from having one on account of the policy , and in some cases may be forced to undergo an abortion .
As important , the one-child policy is an important factor contributing to China 's " missing women "
there are over 30 million fewer women in China today than would be the case if its gender balance resembled that of other countries .
This has occurred for a number of reasons :
sex-selective abortions , infanticide , neglect , or abandonment .
Some of this can be attributed to the one-child policy , and is all the more reason China should accelerate the removal of the one-child policy .
One of my financial goals is to build charity into my annual budget .
Last year , as of mid-December , I had not given a penny to the less fortunatenot even a coin dropped into one of those convenience store with a picture of a child .
I have a dollar figure I'd like to donate , but my mind is overwhelmed with what to do with it .
While I am all about selfless giving , I feel the urge to give now in order to take advantage of the tax breaks charity affords Americans .
In the spirit of altruism , I remind myself that the more you give , the more you get .
It turns out that I am not alone in my quest to give .
Americans are increasingly generous this year .
In fact , 29 percent more U.S. households planned to increase their giving in 2011 over 2010 , according to fundraising research consultancy Dunham and Company .
But even if you find you can afford to give to a good cause , it can be overwhelming to figure out where to donate .
I do n't have a pet cause or a local organization that owns my heart .
In the past , I 've relied on GuideStar , a database of nonprofit information and ratings .
But combing through the more than 5,000 charities is overwhelming ,
so I turn to Columbus , Ohiobased nonprofit organization consultant Dani Robbins , who spent 20 years running domestic violence shelters and Boys &amp; Girls Clubs .
" There are so many organizations out there , it can be hard for everyday people to figure out where to donate " , Robbins says .
But after talking to those in the philanthropic world , there are a few steps you can take to ensure you feel confident about writing a check to charity .
Figure out what you 're passionate about .
You 're giving because it makes you feel good .
Giving to something you care deeply about will only make you feel better , right ?
I headed to Charity Navigator , which has all kinds of cool lists like " 10 Charities Expanding in a Hurry " , " Top 10 Charities That Do Not Rely on Special Events " and " 10 Highly Paid CEOs at Low-Rated Charities " .
The site also allows you to browse by category .
This year , I 'm feeling grateful that I can raise my kids in a safe place , send them to a good daycare and feed them healthy food .
So I click on " Children 's and Family Services " and start to get excited about what my money can do .
Think local .
" Your money goes further with small groups , and it can be exciting to make an impact in your own backyard " ,
says Barbara Sharpe , who has spent more than a dozen years in nonprofit fundraising , most recently with CARES , an AIDS resource organization in Kalamazoo , Michigan .
" To make a sweeping generalization , national organizations generally effect change nationally while local ones do so locally " , Sharpe says .
For example , Feeding America does n't directly feed hungry people ;
it provides funds to local organizations that feed the hungry .
Meanwhile , a local food bank directly feeds hungry people in your community .
And contributing to a local charity increases the chances you have firsthand information about the group .
" With a local charity , you are more likely to know who the board members and administrators are , and the word-on-the street reputation " , Robbins says .
I went to JustGive.org , where I plugged in both my ZIP code and the word " children " .
I was then suggested 100 organizations near my home in Queens , New York .
The first that caught my eye was Hour Children , a nonprofit that supports families in which the mother is incarcerated .
An acquaintance mentors through the charity , and I occasionally hear its name mentioned around the neighborhood .
I 've never heard a bad word associated with Hour Children .
Check them out , but do n't get carried away .
The standard advice is to ask a prospective recipient of your hard-earned money for a Form 990
the document the IRS uses to assess nonprofit organizations and is available to the public .
Sharpe points out that these forms are expensive for the organization to print and mail ,
and most people find them confusing and not very helpful .
A better bet is to see if a local charity is listed with the United Way .
" There is a lengthy process that goes into applying for United Way funds ,
so if a nonprofit goes through all of that , chances are greater that they are a solid organization " , Sharpe says .
I 'm happy to find that Hour Children is affiliated with my local United Way .
Robbins adds that a simple Google search will cull up recent headlines , both good and bad .
For my prospective charity , I get good and not-so-good news .
One local newspaper headline reports that construction recently began on a $ 9.4 million affordable housing project that will be run by the nonprofit .
Looking good !
On the flip side , the group 's Yelp review is a mere 1.5 stars out of five .
But upon reading the comments , one person griped about the organization 's parking practices ,
another did n't like the way its thrift shop was run
and a third reviewer praised the charity 's practice of accepting baby formula yet granted it a mere 3 stars .
Make sure the charity is an official nonprofit .
Before I write a check , I ensure that the organization is registered as a 501(c)3 , meaning it is federally recognized as a nonprofit
and donors can write off contributions on their year-ended taxes .
With all criteria met ( a local charity with a great reputation , supporting a cause I care about , ) I am rushing off my check with a spirit of generosity and goodwill .
Let 's hope it clears before I file my taxes .
Forbes : This Year 's Richest People In The World
Record Numbers , Record Wealth :
128 new billionaires made their debut this year , while 117 dropped out of the ranks .
The net result is a record 1,226 billionaires , including the creators of Spanx , Under Armour and 5-Hour Energy .
Fun Gallery :
The World 's Billionares A quarter century ago FORBES published our first annual list of the World 's Billionaires  and we found 140 .
This year the list broke records for the most number of billionaires ( 1,226 ) and combined net worth , at $ 4.6 trillion , up from $ 4.5 trillion .
Behind those numbers is a more complicated story of rapid change among the world 's wealthiest .
Innovation , strong consumer brands and a rebounding U.S. stock market helped produce 128 newcomers and brought 17 former members back into the ranks ,
while falling stock markets , particularly in China and Russia , were the main culprit for knocking 117 billionaires off the list .
Another 12 members from the 2011 list passed away , including buyout titan Teddy Forstmann and Apple 's Steve Jobs , whose wife Laurene Powell Jobs takes his spot .
Overall , 460 billionaires got richer , 441 got poorer and another 180 held steady .
The World 's Billionaire Women There are now billionaires from 58 countries .
The U.S. is still home to more billionaires than any other country , with 425 , a gain of 12 .
Mainland China and Russia were both clobbered .
They have 95 and 96 , respectively , down from 115 and 101 last year .
The BRIC nations , which were such a force of wealth creation a year ago , have 26 fewer ten-figure fortunes , with only Brazil adding to its bounty .
The World 's Billionaire Newcomers Carlos Slim Hel of Mexico tops the ranks for the third year in a row , but the gap between him and Bill Gates is tightening again .
His fortune , at $ 69 billion , is down $ 5 billion from a year ago .
He was one of 7 in the top 20 whose fortunes slipped , including Warren Buffett and Larry Ellison .
The World 's Youngest Billionaires
Meanwhile Gates , whose foundation helped wipe out polio in India , was $ 5 billion richer at $ 61 billion as Microsoft shares hit a ten-year high .
Amancio Ortega , the man behind fast fashion chain Zara , moved into the top 3 for the first time , despite having stepped down as chairman the previous year .
India 's Lakshmi Mittal , who runs the world 's largest steel company , Arcelor Mittal , was the year 's biggest loser .
His fortune plummeted by $ 10.4 billion , knocking him out of the top 10 for the first time since 2004 .
He is ranked No. 21 .
In a sign that great fortunes can come from almost anywhere , only 3 of the top 10 richest hail from the U.S. , one fewer than last year .
There are lots of ingenious ways to make fortunes , not the least of which is using a popular brand to cater to a world full of consumers .
Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg is worth $ 17.5 billion , up $ 4 billion from a year ago ;
he may be worth far more once Facebook goes public this spring .
Notable newcomers with stellar brands include Kevin Plank , founder of trendy sportswear maker Under Armour , and Sara Blakely , with her Spanx line of newfangled girdles .
Blakely , 41 , is the world 's youngest self-made woman billionaire .
Another notable woman in the ranks is Miuccia Prada , who returns to the list after a six-year absence .
Two American immigrants to make their debut are the Jacksonville Jaguars ' Shahid Khan , who came from Pakistan when he was 16 and is the first minority immigrant owner of an NFL team , and 5-Hour Energy 's Manoj Bhargava , who emigrated as a boy from India .
The World 's Billionaire Dropoffs
A note on methodology :
More than 50 reporters in 16 countries worked on compiling the list this year , valuing individuals ' public holdings , private companies , real estate , yachts , art and cash .
Net worths were locked in using stock prices and exchange rates from Feb. 14 .
Click here to see the rest of the World 's Billionaires
See below for the five wealthiest billionaires in the world , according to FORBES :
The QWERTY Effect :
How Typing May Shape the Meaning of Words
A keyboard 's arrangement could have a small but significant impact on how we perceive the meaning of words we type .
Specifically , the QWERTY keyboard may gradually attach more positive meanings to words with more letters located on the right side of the layout
( everything to the right of T , G and B . )
" We know how a word is spoken can affect its meaning .
So can how it 's typed " ,
said cognitive scientist Kyle Jasmin of the University of College London , co-author of a study about the so-called " QWERTY effect " in Psychonomic Bulletin and Review .
" As we filter language , hundreds or thousands of words , through our fingers , we seem to be connecting the meanings of the words with the physical way they 're typed on the keyboard " .
The effect may arise from the fact that letter combinations that fall on the right side of the keyboard tend to be easier to type than those on the left .
" If it 's easy , it tends to lend a positive meaning .
If it 's harder , it can go the other way " ,
Jasmin said .
The QWERTY layout dates back to 1868 .
Until then , typewriters frequently jammed because some letters sat too close to one other on the keyboard .
When typed in rapid succession , they sometimes stuck together . '
In response , inventors created the QWERTY layout and sold it to the Remington company .
The layout has stuck ever since ,
and with the transition from typewriters to personal computers , it became ubiquitous .
Jasmin and his colleague Daniel Casasanto , a social psychologist at the New School for Social Research , knew from previous research that the difficulty of using an object affected how positively or negatively people viewed it .
The effect is called fluency , and it even seems to affect abstractions such as people 's names .
The more difficult it is to pronounce a person 's name , for example , the less positively we might view that person .
Tougher-to-type letter pairs tend to be found on a QWERTY keyboard 's left side , so Jasmin and Casasanto set out to explore the effects of fluency on typing and language .
" People are faster to type with their right hand than their left hand " ,
Jasmin said .
" Combined with the fact that keyboard is asymmetrical , with more letters on left than the right , we had to know if there was correlation there " .
In their first experiment , the researchers analyzed 1,000-word indexes from English , Spanish and Dutch , comparing their perceived positivity with their location on the QWERTY keyboard .
The effect was slight but significant :
Right-sided words scored more positively than left-sided words .
With newer words , the correlation was stronger .
When the researchers analyzed words coined after the QWERTY keyboard 's invention , they found that right-sided words had more positive associations than left-sided words .
In another experiment , 800 typists recruited through Amazon.com 's Mechanical Turk service rated whether made-up words felt positive or negative .
A QWERTY effect also emerged in those words .
Jasmin cautioned that words ' literal meanings almost certainly outweigh their QWERTY-inflected associations , and said the study only shows a correlation rather than clear cause-and-effect .
Also , while a typist 's left - or right-handedness did n't seem to matter , Jasmin said there 's not yet enough data to be certain .
" But as far as I know , this is the first demonstration that even hints how a word is typed can shape what it means over time " , he said .
In the future , the researchers plan to scrutinize other kinds of keyboards .
" In different languages , there are other variations with more and different punctuation keys in different places and more letters on the right than the left " , he said .
" Technology changes words , and by association languages .
It 's an important thing to look at " .
Image : eelke dekker / Flickr Citation :
" The QWERTY Effect : How typing shapes the meanings of words . " By Kyle Jasmin and Daniel Casasanto . Psychonomic Bulletin and Review ,
published online March 3 , 2012 .
DOI : 10.3758/s13423-012-0229-7
Mao 's way :
Chinese propaganda posters  in pictures Move the Mountain is an exhibition of original Chinese propaganda posters from 1969-1979 .
The communist posters depict scenes ranging from young Chinese people holding up copies of Mao 's Little Red Book to soldiers fighting cartoonish capitalist monsters .
This is the first time these works have been exhibited in the UK .
At Richard Goodall Gallery in Manchester from 9 March to 7 April 2012
March Forward Holding High Great Revolutionary Criticising Flag ( 1968 )
Typical woodcut-style Cultural Revolution movie poster
Warmly Hail the Successful Opening of the 4th People 's Congress
This poster is from 1971 , just before Lin Biao died .
He promoted Mao Zedong 's Little Red Book from the very beginning of the Cultural Revolution .
Scenes with people holding Mao 's Little Red Book can only be seen in posters before 1971 when Lin Biao died ,
so this is probably one of the last posters of people holding it
Foolish Men Move the Mountain to Reform China ( 1971 )
Very unique early cartoon poster telling the story of the Cultural Revolution .
Its name comes from a famous Chinese fable about the indomitable will of the Chinese and how generations of Chinese people will pull together and rule the world
Long Live Proletarian Dictatorship
Made in 1971 , in memory of the 100th anniversary of the Paris Commune
Long Live Unity of World People ( 1973 )
The title of this work comes from a lengthy Mao quotation about defying difficulties and advancing across the world to destroy monsters of all kinds
Bombing the Capitalist Headquarters ( 1976 )
A typical Dazibao ( or big-character poster ) from the Cultural Revolution period ;
these wall-mounted posters , painted by hand with large Chinese lettering , were common tools of protest
Take the Space Shuttle to Travel in the Universe
This was produced in 1979 , at the end of the Cultural Revolution and towards the beginning of modernisation for China .
According to Chinese folklore , there is a lady living on the moon with her pet rabbit ;
these kids are heading off to meet her
( Financial Times ) -- Germany 's economic rebound , which has helped counter gloom created by Europe 's debt crisis , was set back in January by an unexpectedly sharp fall in industrial orders , especially from beyond the eurozone .
A 2.7 percent drop in orders compared with December , reported on Wednesday by the Berlin economics ministry , highlighted the vulnerability of Europe 's largest economy to global growth prospects and a possible significant slowdown in countries such as China .
December had seen a 1.6 percent rise .
Economists said Germany could still escape a technical recession , defined as two quarters of economic contraction ,
and remained poised for activity to speed up again after a weak end to 2011 ,
with domestic demand becoming a more important driver of growth .
Soaring oil prices could yet pose a threat , however .
" We still think that the German economy is back on an expansionary path .
The global cycle is still all right , financing conditions in Germany are pretty good " , said Dirk Schumacher , economist at Goldman Sachs in Frankfurt .
" What worries me are oil prices , because they have the potential to stop growth but that has n't happened yet " .
January 's drop in industrial orders included an 8.6 percent fall in demand from non-eurozone countries .
German orders , in contrast , rose 0.9 percent compared with December .
The orders data are often volatile and in December orders from outside the eurozone rose 12.1 percent month-on-month .
The economics ministry added that the latest figures had been distorted by a below-average volume of large orders but admitted that " incoming orders had started weakly overall in the new year . "
The data struck a cautious note before Thursday 's European Central Bank interest rate setting meeting .
Since the start of the year , Mario Draghi , ECB president , has spotted " tentative signs of a stabilisation in economic activity at a low level " across the eurozone but warned about high levels of uncertainty .
The ECB is waiting to see the impact on the real economy of its injections more than 1 tn in three-year loans into the eurozone banking system .
The central bank is expected to leave its main interest rate unchanged on Thursday at a record low of 1 percent .
German gross domestic product fell 0.2 percent in the final three months of 2011 compared with the previous quarter .
But hopes of a quick rebound have been boosted by a strong rise in economic optimism shown by the Ifo business climate index -- which rose in February for a fourth consecutive month -- to its highest level since July .
Steady falls in German unemployment have also helped support domestic demand ,
while low ECB interest rates and its generous provision of liquidity mean that German companies and households have had scant problem in obtaining liquidity .
Alexander Koch , economist at UniCredit in Munich , still expected demand from emerging market economies for German goods and services to compensate for weakness in the eurozone and expected the orders data to see a " gradual recovery " in dynamism .
U.S. stocks advanced , following the biggest decline in 2012 for the Standard &amp; Poor 's 500 Index ,
after a private report showed American companies increased hiring
and more investors signed on to a Greek debt swap .
Equities extended gains on a report that the Federal Reserve is discussing a new type of bond-buying program .
Financial and industrial shares rose the most among 10 groups in the S&amp;P 500 .
Bank of America Corp . ( BAC ) and Caterpillar Inc . ( CAT ) advanced at least 2.2 percent .
Apple ( AAPL ) Inc . added 0.1 percent after introducing a new version of the iPad with a sharper screen .
The S&amp;P 500 rose 0.7 percent to 1,352.63 at 4 p.m. New York time , after slumping 1.5 percent yesterday .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 78.18 points , or 0.6 percent , to 12,837.33.
The Russell 2000 Index of small companies gained 1.1 percent to 795.95.
About 6.1 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges , or 9.1 percent below the three-month average .
" The market just wants to go up " , said Jack Ablin , who helps oversee $ 55 billion as chief investment officer at Harris Private Bank .
" The ADP report was positive .
The bigger participation in the Greek debt swap is encouraging .
Plus , there 's a report that says that the Fed would continue to buy bonds , but they are not going to expand their balance sheet " .
Stocks rose as companies added 216,000 workers to payrolls in February , according to ADP Employer Services .
The report came two days before the Labor Department 's monthly jobs data .
Consumer borrowing rose more than forecast in January .
Optimism about Greece 's debt swap also helped lift stocks .
Investors with 58 percent of the Greek bonds eligible for the nation 's debt swap have so far indicated they 'll participate .
Money Printing
Equities extended gains as the Wall Street Journal said the Fed would print new money to buy long-term mortgage or Treasury bonds ,
then effectively tie up that money by borrowing it back for short periods at low rates .
" The Fed ought to be saving future bullets for a situation that requires a strategic intervention " ,
said Philip Orlando , the New York - based chief equity strategist at Federated Investors Inc , . which oversees about $ 370 billion .
" If the Fed does something now , what happens if six months from now , Greece does default and it does throw the world into a recession ?
What 's the Fed going to do then " ?
Before today , the S&amp;P 500 ( SPX ) had fallen for three straight days on concern that a rally that restored more than $ 3.2 trillion to U.S. equity value since October outpaced economic prospects .
The benchmark gauge trades at 13.9 times reported earnings , below the average since 1954 of 16.4 times .
Banks Rally
Financial shares , which yesterday had the biggest loss among 10 groups in the S&amp;P 500 , led the gains today .
Bank of America rose 4 percent , the most in the Dow , to $ 8.02 .
JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. ( JPM ) advanced 1.6 percent to $ 39.95 .
Industrial shares had the second-biggest gain in the S&amp;P 500 .
Caterpillar advanced 2.2 percent to $ 108.28 .
United Technologies Corp. climbed 1.5 percent to $ 82.57 .
General Electric Co. ( GE ) increased 1.9 percent to $ 18.77 .
The world 's biggest maker reiterated its forecast of earnings growth of at least 10 percent from industrial and capital units this year .
Apple rose 0.1 percent to $ 530.69 , trimming a gain of as much as 1.4 percent .
The new iPad will cost $ 499 to $ 829 and include an A5X chip that enables better graphics .
It will also boast a 9.7-inch screen that has more pixels than traditional high-definition televisions and run on so-called long-term evolution , or LTE , wireless networks .
The device will be available March 16 ,
and Apple is taking orders starting today .
Significant Upgrade
Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is making the most significant upgrade yet to Apple 's tablet months before Microsoft Corp. ( MSFT ) introduces software that will run on competing devices .
The new version is also aimed at helping the company fend off competition from Google Inc. ( GOOG ) 's Android operating system , as well as Amazon.com Inc. ( AMZN )
whose $ 199 Kindle Fire is gaining traction among budget-conscious buyers .
Microsoft gained 0.9 percent to $ 31.84 .
Google added 0.3 percent to $ 606.80 .
Amazon.com rose 1.5 percent to $ 183.77 .
Ciena Corp. ( CIEN ) surged 4.2 percent to $ 14.01 .
The companies forecast fiscal second-quarter revenue that topped some analysts ' estimates .
Ciena , which last month said first-quarter results would suffer from delays in recording international sales , today predicted stronger operating results in the second half of the year .
Rival JDS Uniphase Corp. ( JDSU , ) the largest maker of fiber-optic testing equipment , added 2.5 percent to $ 12.80 .
Homebuilders Surge
A measure of homebuilders in S&amp;P indexes jumped 4 percent .
Lennar Corp. ( LEN ) increased 5.6 percent to $ 23.62 .
D.R. Horton Inc. climbed 3.9 percent to $ 13.99 .
Hovnanian Enterprises Inc. ( HOV ) increased 2.5 percent to $ 2.46 .
The largest homebuilder in New Jersey reported a narrower first-quarter loss as it reduced writedowns and increased sales .
Wynn Resorts Ltd. ( WYNN ) added 2.4 percent to $ 122.27 .
Kraft Foods Inc. ( KFT ) fell 1.2 percent to $ 37.83 for the biggest decline in the Dow .
The company was cut to " hold " from " buy " by Jefferies Group Inc , . which said the stock has little incentive to outperform this year .
Pandora Media Inc. ( P ) plunged 24 percent , the most in the Russell 1000 Index , to $ 10.86 .
The Internet radio pioneer forecast first-quarter results that missed analysts ' projections because of a seasonal lull in advertising sales .
Solar stocks declined as Canadian Solar Inc. ( CSIQ ) 's loss exceeded estimates .
Canadian Solar fell 13 percent to $ 2.85 .
First Solar Inc. ( FSLR ) dropped 6.6 percent to $ 25.80 for the biggest decline in the S&amp;P 500 .
The iPad Rumor Scorecard :
Nobody inspires rumors like Apple , pairing secrecy with subtle hints .
Speculation about what the latest iPad would feature has run rampant since late last year .
What sort of hardware updates will it have ?
What would it be called ?
Rumor : Hi-Res Display
Way back in August , the Wall Street Journal reported that the upcoming iPad would include a high-resolution Retina Display .
True or False ?
True , with a 2048 x 1536 pixel count .
Rumor : Four Cores Are Better Than One
Manufacturers in Asia told Bloomberg that the iPad would include a quad-core processor .
True or False ?
A toss-up .
It does include a quad-core processor , but it's the GPU , not the CPU .
Rumor : iPad Mini
manufacturers in claims that Apple would introduce a 7-inch iPad alongside a traditional 10-inch version .
True or False ?
Bogus .
But speculation continues that a 7-inch version will be released later this year .
Rumor : 4G Speeds
the new iPad would be 4G LTE enabled .
True or False ?
True , with separate iPads for AT&amp;T and Verizon networks .
Rumor : Siri Support
the new iPad 's CPU would support Apple 's voice-activated personal assistant , Siri .
True or False ?
Nope , but it does include a voice-dictation feature .
The floor of Borderlands Books had been polished to mirror brightness .
A nice trick with old knotty pine ,
but Penauch would have been a weapons-grade obsessive-compulsive if he 'd been human .
I 'd thought about setting him to detailing my car ,
but he 's just as likely to polish it down to aluminum and steel after deciding the paint was an impurity .
When he discovered that the human race recorded our ideas in books , he 'd been impossible to keep away from the store .
Penauch did n't actually read them , not as such ,
and he was most reluctant to touch the volumes .
He seemed to view books as vehicles , launch capsules to propel ideas from the dreaming mind of the human race into our collective forebrain .
Despite the fact that Penauch was singular , unitary , a solitary alien in the human world , he apparently did n't conceive of us as anything but a collective entity .
The xenoanthropologists at Berkeley were carving Ph.D.s out of that particular clay as fast as their grad students could transcribe Penauch 's conversations with me .
He 'd arrived the same as David Bowie in that old movie .
No , not Brother from Another Planet ;
The Man Who Fell to Earth .
Tumbled out of the autumn sky over the Cole Valley neighborhood of San Francisco like a maple seed ,
spinning with his arms stretched wide and his mouth open in a teakettle shriek audible from the Ghost Fleet in Suisun Bay all the way down to the grubby streets of San Jose .
The subject 's fallsacs when fully deployed serve as a tympanum , producing a rhythmic vibration at a frequency perceived by the human ear as a high-pitched shriek .
Xenophysiological modeling has thus far failed to generate testable hypotheses concerning the volume of the sound produced .
Some observers have speculated that the subject deployed technological assistance during atmospheric entry ,
though no evidence of this was found at the landing site , and subject has never indicated this was the case .
Scholes , Jen West .
A Reader 's Guide to Earth 's Only Living Spaceman .
Feldman , Jude A . San Francisco :
Borderlands Books , 2014 .
It was easier keeping Penauch in the bookstore .
The owners didn't mind .
They 'd had hairless cats around the place for years  a breed called sphinxes .
The odd animals served as a neighborhood tourist attraction and business draw .
A seven-foot alien with a face like a plate of spaghetti and a cluster of writhing arms was n't all that different .
Not in a science fiction bookstore , at least .
Thing is , when Penauch was out in the world , he had a tendency to fix things .
This fixing often turned out to be not so good .
No technology was involved .
Penauch 's body was demonstrably able to modify the chitinous excrescences of his appendages at will .
If he needed a cutting edge , he ate a bit of whatever steel was handy and swiftly metabolized it .
If he needed electrical conductors , he sought out copper plumbing .
If he needed logic probes , he consumed sand or diamonds or glass .
It was all the same to Penauch .
As best any of us could figure out , Penauch was a sort of tool .
A Swiss army knife that some spacefaring race had dropped or thrown away , abandoned until he came to rest on Earth 's alien shore .
And Penauch only spoke to me .
The question of Penauch 's mental competence has bearing in both law and ethics .
Pratt and Shaw ( 2013 ) have effectively argued that the alien fails the Turing test , both at a gross observational level and within the context of finer measurements of conversational intent and cooperation .
Cashier ( 2014 ) claims an indirectly derived Stanford-Binet score in the 99th percentile ,
but seemingly contradicts herself by asserting that Penauch 's sentience is at best an open question .
Is he ( or it ) a machine , a person , or something else entirely ?
Browne , S . G . " A Literature Review of the Question of Alien Mentation " .
Journal of Exogenic Studies II.4 ( August 2015 . )
The first time he fixed something was right after he 'd landed .
Penauch impacted with that piercing shriek at 2:53 p.m. Pacific Time on Saturday , July 16 , 2011 , at the intersection of Cole and Parnassus .
Every window within six blocks shattered .
Almost a hundred pedestrians and shoppers in the immediate area were treated for lacerations from broken glass , over two dozen more for damage to hearing and sinuses .
I got to him first , stumbling out of Cole Hardware with a headache like a cartoon anvil had been dropped on me .
Inside , we figured a bomb had gone off .
The rising noise and the vibrating windows .
All the vases in the homeware section had exploded .
Luckily I 'd been with the fasteners .
The nails sang ,
but they did n't leap off the shelves and try to make hamburger of me .
Outside , there was this guy lying in a crater in the middle of the intersection , like Wile E. Coyote after he 'd run out of Acme patented jet fuel .
I hurried over , touched his shoulder , and realized what a goddamned mess he was .
Then half a dozen eyes opened , and something like a giant rigatoni farted before saying , " Penauch " .
Weird thing was , I could hear the spelling .
Though I did n't know it in that moment , my old life was over , my new one begun .
Penauch then looked at my shattered wristwatch , grabbed a handful of BMW windshield glass , sucked it down , and moments later fixed my timepiece .
For some value of " fixed " .
It still tells time , somewhere with a base seventeen counting system and twenty-eight point one five seven hours a day .
It shows me the phases of Phobos and Deimos , evidence that he 'd been on ( or near ) Mars .
Took a while to figure that one out .
And the thing warbles whenever someone gets near me carrying more than about eight ounces of petroleum products . Including grocery bags , for example , and most plastics .
I could probably get millions for it on eBay .
Penauch 's first artifact , and one of less than a dozen in private hands .
The government owns him now , in as much as anyone owns Penauch .
They can 't keep him anywhere .
He " fixes " his way out of any place he gets locked into .
He comes back to San Francisco , finds me , and we go to the bookstore .
Where Penauch polishes the floors and chases the hairless cats and draws pilgrims from all over the world to pray in Valencia Street .
The city gave up on traffic control a long time ago .
It 's a pedestrian mall now when he 's around .
The problem has always been , none of us have any idea what Penauch is .
What he does .
What he 's for .
I 'm the only one he talks to , and most of what he says is Alice in Wonderland dialogue , except when it isn't .
Two new semiconductor companies have been started through analysis of his babble ,
and an entire novel chemical feedstock process for converting biomass into plastics .
Then one day , down on the mirrored floor of Borderlands Books , Penauch looked at me and said quite clearly , " They 're coming back " .
I was afraid we were about to get our answers .
Reading the future :
Far from killing off the physical page , the rise of ebooks has enhanced our understanding of the written word and the people around it , says Gaby Wood
Do we read differently now ?
Amid the fear and excitement of digital publishing
the panic over what it might mean for makers of books , and the exhilaration over what the gadgets can do
it seems to me that one of the most intriguing questions is whether , and how fundamentally , digitisation has altered the way we read .
Recent news that sales of printed books have plummeted in almost all markets across the world , while in the UK sales of ebooks have soared ,
comes on the heels of Jonathan Franzen 's alarming pronouncement at the Hay Festival Cartagena that ebooks are damaging society .
But in the United States , sales of digital books have slowed .
To anyone trying to read the runes of this fairly new market , it seems like a case of hearing the bad news before the bad news :
either printed books are dead , or no one is reading at all .
I do n't think either of those things is true .
Reading has always been extremely personal
people are fast or slow , immersive , digressive or meticulous , they like dog-eared paperbacks or first editions .
There is no end to the range of preferences , and in many ways the digital revolution has merely added to a repertoire that has existed since the practice began .
My objection to Franzen 's comment is that there is very little point in lumping all digital forms of reading together .
Now that we 're a little way in to the phenomenon , it should be possible to give up the basic Luddite-versus-technophile argument , and see that while some innovations are truly groundbreaking , others are simply not good enough .
For example , here 's a speculative interpretation of those sales figures :
e-readers such as the Kindle are excellent for what is ( somewhat snobbishly ) known as " recreational reading . "
In other words , if you feel an overwhelming urge to read War and Peace on your way into work , you would , in 2012 , be wise to carry it in its slim digital version .
It follows that the greatest decline in printed book sales has fallen in the realm of fiction .
( Sales of all printed books in the UK dropped by 12 percent in the first four weeks of this year ;
sales of printed fiction in particular dropped by more than twice that amount ) .
But if , say , you 'd like to quote from a book and make a note of the page number , or have any kind of concrete sense of how much you 've read , then the Kindle is frustrating .
Knowing vaguely what percentage of the book you have read ( which is what the Kindle tells you ) is not the same .
I hesitate to criticise the device , because it has too many converts for that to be a winning game
already , critics of my acquaintance have countered that you can mark your favourite quotes easily , and that you can search for occurrences of words or phrases in a way you would never bother to with a printed book .
What 's more , the new Kindle Fire tablet promises to be entirely different .
But I personally find that the current version fails me in paradoxical ways :
it mimics a book too closely to introduce me to any new kind of reading experience ,
and it also seems not to respect too many of the pleasures of a volume of print .
When I had to read more than a hundred novels for the Man Booker Prize last year , the most obvious thing was to keep them with me on the Kindle 3 that all members of the jury were given for the purpose .
But I found myself becoming so impatient with the device that I worried whether it was influencing my view of the writing ;
the only way to judge the books fairly , I felt , was to read them all on printed pages .
In my experience , it 's an essential component of reading that one should be able to see around the corner .
With a Kindle , Jane Austen would never have been able to make a joke like the one she drops in at the end of Northanger Abbey , nodding to her readers about the novel nearly being at an end :
readers , she wrote , " will see in the tell-tale compression of the pages before them , that we are all hastening together to perfect felicity . "
This is not a technophobe 's problem ; it 's one that technology needs to solve .
And it is  I would venture  the reason why ebook sales have slowed among those who were the first to catch on .
On the other hand , the app of T S Eliot 's The Waste Land produced by the seers at Touch Press is a watershed moment in the history of scholarship and digital capacity .
It offers not just the final text , but critical notes that were previously published in a separate volume , a facsimile of Eliot 's manuscript as annotated by Ezra Pound ,
also previously to be found in a separate book , and a number of audio recordings of the poem , including two made by Eliot himself and one by Ted Hughes .
Unlike an ebook , an app  or at least , this app  understands reading and thinking as a multidimensional experience .
It respects the past , the process , the interpretation , the debts of intellectual descendants and the voices of the dead .
For those who find the digital frightening , it 's worth pointing out the ways in which technology allows history to be preserved .
The Waste Land app is a perfect example of the past and the future enriching one another .
It 's also the case that digital innovation can foster a revival in the art of traditional bookmaking , and has already done so .
To take a very direct example , the app of The Elements :
a Visual Exploration made by TouchPress has sold 275,000 units .
As a result , their large-format hardback book version  which had before the release of the app sold only 70,000 copies and might have been threatened by it  has now sold more than half a million .
More broadly , things are settling to a point where the physical and the digital have a much more co-operative relationship .
For instance , it 's a commonplace that people no longer print their family snaps because everything is taken on digital cameras ;
but now the ease of digital publishing means that , if you choose to , you can design and order up a much more sophisticated photograph album than you ever could before .
Equally , digitisation is encouraging the growth of small magazines , fostering a new burst of creativity , and traditional publishers can print on demand .
Schemes such as Faber Finds , an exceptional archaeology of lost books , haul up genuine treasures  for you , the individual reader .
In other words , the demand does exist , and what 's being supplied is , if anything , a rather traditional bespoke service .
The more habituated we become to the virtual , the more we crave some physical trace of it , and the more that physical trace must seem worth keeping .
As anyone will know from Neil MacGregor 's History of the World , the significance of objects and relics is not to be underestimated .
Pollyanna-ishly perhaps , this has been my theory about journalism as well as about book publishing :
that while a newspaper 's or a book 's digital incarnation may become the main event , the printed version is the merchandising  and therefore , potentially , what makes the money .
Admittedly , " You 've read the paper , now get the T-shirt " is a slightly improbable slogan , but I do believe that in special cases we will all want something of our own ;
and there 's nothing wrong with every edition striving to be a commemorative edition .
There is , after all , one thing that a digital experience can't do :
it can't furnish your home with a record of what has passed through your mind .
A friend told me recently that he had enjoyed  ironically enough  Franzen 's Freedom .
The book is long and the hardback was heavy , so he read it on his Kindle .
But then he found that was n't enough :
he wanted to own a copy , to be able to see it on his shelf , to have the possibility of remembering in future who he was and how he felt when he read it .
So he bought the physical book after all , and although he felt it was a little odd to have read it and yet never to have cracked the spine , he was glad .
This autobiographical element to reading bound books may be sentimental , but I do n't think it 's negligible .
In fact , it 's one reason digital books will enhance and not kill them  though it may crush paperbacks .
My colleague Shane Richmond , the Telegraph 's head of technology , has suggested that a lot of people would buy hardback books with ebooks if publishers bundled them together ,
because , as he put it , " a book is a souvenir of itself . "
And , it seems , publishers are beginning to do that .
There is an opportunity for discovery in a bookcase .
This is true of the contents of any library or bookshop ,
and it goes without saying that you can tell a great deal about an adult from the volumes on his or her shelves .
But more formatively than that , because I grew up in a house full of books , I do feel that many of those I chose to pull down ended up making me who I am .
And naturally I have worried :
what , in turn , will my children say they found for themselves ?
For now , they 're lucky enough to have plenty of physical books to choose from .
But beyond that , they may learn more about science and technology than I ever did ,
and they have already heard the voice of T S Eliot .
So instead of wondering if books are dead , perhaps we should be asking :
were they ever more alive ?
Daily Markets Wrap
Reports And A Rumor Lift Stocks , Euro , Commodities :
March 7 , 2012 9:14 PM GMT
A decent U.S. jobs report , word that the Fed is considering a new kind of money printing and an upbeat mood swing on Greece lifted stocks , the euro and commodities Wednesday .
U.S. employers hired more people in February , according to the payroll firm Automatic Data Processing ,
and productivity climbed in the fourth quarter .
Consumers borrowed more in January than expected , indicating increased spending , which accounts for 70 percent of the U.S. economy .
The Fed leaked a plan to The Wall Street Journal on a potentially inflation-proof version of quantitative easing .
More pension funds and big banks committed to an orderly default of Greek government bonds , a key requirement of the nation 's financial rescue .
By late Wednesday , Greece was only a few percentage points from the 66.7 percent commitment level needed to force all bondholders to take losses on their investments .
Stocks .
Eight of 10 S&amp;P sectors closed higher , paced by financials and industrials .
The main European stock indexes all settled higher , but key Asian indexes all finished lower .
Bonds .
Treasurys slid after the ADP report , and Germany paid the lowest interest ever to borrow money for five years .
The yield on two-year notes from Poland fell to their lowest level in three weeks .
Currencies .
The greenback rose against the yen .
Other gainers included Mexico 's and Colombia 's pesos .
Commodities .
Crude oil rose 1.6 percent , and natural gas hit a 10-year low .
Copper settled higher for the first time in four trading sessions and gold reversed three days of losses .
Nearly all agricultural commodities closed down .
Five Books Interviews
Bruce Schneier on Trust
Modern society depends on trust more than we realise , and the basis for that trust is security .
The trick , says the security guru , is preserving the forces that allow us to trust one another , while also knowing who not to trust
You 're best known as a security expert but our theme today is " trust . "
How would you describe the connection between the two ?
Security exists to facilitate trust .
Trust is the goal , and security is how we enable it .
Think of it this way :
As members of modern society , we need to trust all sorts of people , institutions and systems .
We have to trust that they 'll treat us honestly , won't take advantage of us and so on 
in short , that they 'll behave in a trustworthy manner .
Security is how we induce trustworthiness , and by extension enable trust .
An example might make this clearer .
For commerce to work smoothly , merchants and customers need to trust each other .
Customers need to trust that merchants won't misrepresent the goods they 're selling .
Merchants need to trust that customers won't steal stuff without paying .
Each needs to trust that the other won't cheat somehow .
Security is how we make that work , billions of times a day .
We do that through obvious measures like alarm systems that prevent theft and anti-counterfeiting measures in currency that prevent fraud ,
but I mean a lot of other things as well .
Consumer protection laws prevent merchants from cheating .
Other laws prevent burglaries .
Less formal measures like reputational considerations help keep merchants , and customers in less anonymous communities , from cheating .
And our inherent moral compass keeps most of us honest most of the time .
In my new book Liars and Outliers , I call these societal pressures .
None of them are perfect , but all of them  working together  are what keeps society functioning .
Of course there is , and always will be , the occasional merchant or customer who cheats .
But as long as they 're rare enough , society thrives .
How has the nature of trust changed in the information age ?
These notions of trust and trustworthiness are as old as our species .
Many of the specific societal pressures that induce trust are as old as civilisation .
Morals and reputational considerations are certainly that old , as are laws .
Technical security measures have changed with technology , as well as details around reputational and legal systems ,
but by and large they 're basically the same .
What has changed in modern society is scale .
Today we need to trust more people than ever before , further away 
whether politically , ethnically or socially .
We need to trust larger corporations , more diverse institutions and more complicated systems .
We need to trust via computer networks .
This all makes trust , and inducing trust , harder .
At the same time , the scaling of technology means that the bad guys can do more damage than ever before .
That also makes trust harder .
Navigating all of this is one of the most fundamental challenges of our society in this new century .
Given the dangers out there , should we trust anyone ?
Isn't " trust no one " the first rule of security ?
It might be the first rule of security , but it 's the worst rule of society .
I do n't think I could even total up all the people , institutions and systems I trusted today .
I trusted that the gas company would continue to provide the fuel I needed to heat my house , and that the water coming out of my tap was safe to drink .
I trusted that the fresh and packaged food in my refrigerator was safe to eat  and that certainly involved trusting people in several countries .
I trusted a variety of websites on the Internet .
I trusted my automobile manufacturer , as well as all the other drivers on the road .
I am flying to Boston right now , so that requires trusting several major corporations , hundreds of strangers
 either working for those corporations , sitting on my plane or just standing around in the airport 
and a variety of government agencies .
I even had to trust the US Transportation Security Administration , even though I know it 's doing a lousy job and so on .
And it 's not even 9:30 am yet !
The number of people each of us trusts every day is astounding .
And we trust them so completely that we often do n't even think about it .
We do n't walk into a restaurant and think :
" The food vendors might have sold the restaurant tainted food , the cook might poison it ,
the waiter might clone my credit card , other diners might steal my wallet ,
the building constructor might have weakened the roof ,
and terrorists might bomb the place " .
We just sit down and eat .
And the restaurant trusts that we won't steal anyone else 's wallet or leave a bomb under our chair , and will pay when we 're done .
Without trust , society collapses .
And without societal pressures , there 's no trust .
The devil is in the details , of course , and that 's what my book is about .
As an individual , what security threats scare you the most ?
My primary concerns are threats from the powerful .
I 'm not worried about criminals , even organised crime .
Or terrorists , even organised terrorists .
Those groups have always existed , always will , and they 'll always operate on the fringes of society .
Societal pressures have done a good job of keeping them that way .
It 's much more dangerous when those in power use that power to subvert trust .
Specifically , I am thinking of governments and corporations .
Let me give you a few examples .
The global financial crisis was not a result of criminals , it was perpetrated by legitimate financial institutions pursuing their own self-interest .
The major threats against our privacy are not from criminals , they 're from corporations trying to more accurately target advertising .
The most significant threat to the freedom of the Internet is from large entertainment companies , in their misguided attempt to stop piracy .
And the cyberwar rhetoric is likely to cause more damage to the Internet than criminals could ever dream of .
What scares me the most is that today , in our hyper-connected , hyper-computed , high-tech world , we will get societal pressures wrong to catastrophic effect .
The Penguin and the Leviathan By Yochai Benkler
Let 's get stuck into the books you 've chosen on this theme on trust .
Beginning with Yochai Benkler 's The Penguin and the Leviathan .
This could be considered a companion book to my own .
I write from the perspective of security  how society induces cooperation .
Benkler takes the opposite perspective  how does this cooperation work and what is its value ?
More specifically , what is its value in the 21st century information-age economy ?
He challenges the pervasive economic view that people are inherently selfish creatures , and shows that actually we are naturally cooperative .
More importantly , he discusses the enormous value of cooperation in society , and the new ways it can be harnessed over the Internet .
I think this view is important .
Our culture is pervaded with the idea that individualism is paramount 
Thomas Hobbes 's notion that we are all autonomous individuals who willingly give up some of our freedom to the government in exchange for safety .
It 's complete nonsense .
Humans have never lived as individuals .
We have always lived in communities , and we have always succeeded or failed as cooperative groups .
The fact that people who separate themselves and live alone  think of Henry David Thoreau in Walden  is so remarkable indicates how rare it is .
Benkler understands this , and wants us to accept the cooperative nature of ourselves and our societies .
He also gives the same advice for the future that I do  that we need to build social mechanisms that encourage cooperation over control .
That is , we need to facilitate trust in society .
The Folly of Fools By Robert Trivers
What 's next on your list ?
The Folly of Fools , by the biologist Robert Trivers .
Trivers has studied self-deception in humans , and asks how it evolved to be so pervasive .
Humans are masters at self-deception .
We regularly deceive ourselves in a variety of different circumstances .
But why ?
How is it possible for self-deception  perceiving reality to be different than it really is  to have survival value ?
Why is it that genetic tendencies for self-deception are likely to propagate to the next generation ?
Trivers 's book-long answer is fascinating .
Basically , deception can have enormous evolutionary benefits .
In many circumstances , especially those involving social situations , individuals who are good at deception are better able to survive and reproduce .
And self-deception makes us better at deception .
For example , there is value in my being able to deceive you into thinking I am stronger than I really am .
You 're less likely to pick a fight with me , I 'm more likely to win a dominance struggle without fighting , and so on .
I am better able to bluff you if I actually believe I am stronger than I really am .
So we deceive ourselves in order to be better able to deceive others .
The psychology of deception is fundamental to my own writing on trust .
It 's much easier for me to cheat you if you do n't believe I am cheating you .
The Murderer Next Door By David M Buss Buy Third up , The Murderer Next Door by David M Buss .
There have been a number of books about the violent nature of humans , particularly men .
I chose The Murderer Next Door both because it is well-written and because it is relatively new , published in 2005 .
David M Buss is a psychologist , and he writes well about the natural murderousness of our species .
There 's a lot of data to support natural human murderousness , and not just murder rates in modern societies .
Anthropological evidence indicates that between 15% and 25% of prehistoric males died in warfare .
This murderousness resulted in an evolutionary pressure to be clever .
Here 's Buss writing about it :
" As the motivations to murder evolved in our minds , a set of counterinclinations also developed .
Killing is a risky business .
It can be dangerous and inflict horrible costs on the victim .
Because it 's so bad to be dead , evolution has fashioned ruthless defences to prevent being killed , including killing the killer .
Potential victims are therefore quite dangerous themselves .
In the evolutionary arms race , homicide victims have played a critical and unappreciated role  they pave the way for the evolution of anti-homicide defences " .
Those defences involved trust and societal pressures to induce trust .
The Better Angels of Our Nature By Steven Pinker
Your fourth book is by psychologist , science writer and previous FiveBooks interviewee Steven Pinker .
The Better Angels of Our Nature is Steven Pinker 's explanation as to why , despite the selection pressures for murderousness in our evolutionary past , violence has declined in so many cultures around the world .
It 's a fantastic book , and I recommend that everyone read it .
From my perspective , I could sum up his argument very simply :
Societal pressures have worked .
Of course it 's more complicated than that , and Pinker does an excellent job of leading the reader through his analysis and conclusions .
First , he spends six chapters documenting the fact that violence has in fact declined .
In the next two chapters , he does his best to figure out exactly what has caused the " better angels of our nature " to prevail over our more natural demons .
His answers are complicated , and expand greatly on the interplay among the various societal pressures which I talk about myself .
It 's not things like bigger jails and more secure locks that are making society safer .
It 's things like the invention of printing and the resultant rise of literacy , the empowerment of women and the rise of universal moral and ethical principles .
Braintrust By Patricia S Churchland
What is your final selection ?
Braintrust , by the neuroscientist Barbara Churchland .
This book is about the neuroscience of morality .
It 's brand new  published in 2011 
which is good because this is a brand new field of science , and new discoveries are happening all the time .
Morality is the most basic of societal pressures , and Churchland explains how it works .
This book tries to understand the neuroscience behind trust and trustworthiness .
In her own words :
" The hypothesis on offer is that what we humans call ethics or morality is a four dimensional scheme for social behavior that is shaped by interlocking brain processes :
( 1 ) caring ( rooted in attachment to kin and kith and care for their well-being , )
( 2 ) recognition of other 's psychological states ( rooted in the benefits of predicting the behavior of others )
( 3 ) problem-solving in a social context
( e.g. , how we should distribute scarce goods , settle land disputes ; how we should punish the miscreants )
and ( 4 ) learning social practices
( by positive and negative reinforcement , by imitation , by trial and error , by various kinds of conditioning , and by analogy " . )
Those are our innate human societal pressures .
They are the security systems that keep us mostly trustworthy most of the time 
enough for most of us to be trusting enough for society to survive .
Are we safer for all the security theatre of airport checks ?
Of course not .
There are two parts to the question .
One :
Are we doing the right thing ?
That is , does it make sense for America to focus its anti-terrorism security efforts on airports and airplanes ?
And two :
Are we doing things right ?
In other words , are the anti-terrorism measures at airports doing the job and preventing terrorism ?
I say the answer to both of those questions is no .
Focusing on airports , and specific terrorist tactics like shoes and liquids , is a poor use of our money because it 's easy for terrorists to switch targets and tactics .
And the current TSA security measures do n't keep us safe because it 's too easy to bypass them .
There are two basic kinds of terrorists  random idiots and professionals .
Pretty much any airport security , even the pre-9/11 measures , will protect us against random idiots .
They will get caught .
And pretty much nothing will protect us against professionals .
They 've researched our security and know the weaknesses .
By the time the plot gets to the airport , it 's too late .
Much more effective is for the US to spend its money on intelligence , investigation and emergency response .
But this is a shorter answer than your readers deserve ,
and I suggest they read more of my writings on the topic .
How does the rise of cloud computing affect personal risk ?
Like everything else , cloud computing is all about trust .
Trust is n't new in computing .
I have to trust my computer 's manufacturer .
I have to trust my operating system and software .
I have to trust my Internet connection and everything associated with that .
I have to trust all sorts of data I receive from other sources .
So on the one hand , cloud computing just adds another level of trust .
But it 's an important level of trust .
For most of us , it reduces our risk .
If I have my email on Google , my photos on Flickr , my friends on Facebook and my professional contacts on LinkedIn , then I do n't have to worry much about losing my data .
If my computer crashes I 'll still have all my email , photos and contacts .
This is the way the iPhone works with iCloud 
if I lose my phone , I can get a new one and all my data magically reappears .
On the other hand , I have to trust my cloud providers .
I have to trust that Facebook won't misuse the personal information it knows about me .
I have to trust that my data won't get shipped off to a server in a foreign country with lax privacy laws ,
and that the companies who have my data will not hand it over to the police without a court order .
I 'm not able to implement my own security around my data ;
I have to take what the cloud provider offers .
And I must trust that 's good enough , often without knowing anything about it .
Finally , how many Bruce Schneier Facts are true ?
Israeli Venture Capital Fund Raising - 2011
The following data are based on information collected by IVC Research Center and analyzed by IVC in cooperation with KPMG Somekh Chaikin Israel .
Israeli venture capital funds were back to capital raising in 2011 , after two very difficult years .
No capital had been raised by Israeli funds in 2010 , and only $ 256 million was raised in 2009 ,
a 76 percent drop from 2008 levels .
The $ 796 million raised in 2011 was a much needed breath of air for the local industry .
Seven funds that raised capital in 2011 are considered " micro funds " .
Micro funds raised a total of $ 87 million in 2011 , nearly 11 percent of total capital raised last year .
These funds invest small sums and generally focus on early stage candidates .
Of the 14 VC funds to raise capital in 2011 , eight are managed by new entrants in Israeli venture capital , or are organizations raising their first VC fund .
Six of the micro funds were raised by new players .
Also new was Orbimed Israel , the first biomed fund raised as part of the Government of Israel 's plan to incentivize life science investments in Israel , the Government of Israel agreed to invest about $ 50 million in the fund .
we forecast that $ 800 million will be raised in 2012 by Israeli VC funds for investment in Israeli high-tech companies , maintaining the same level as in 2011 .
capital available for investment by Israeli venture capital funds at the beginning of 2012 was slightly under $ 1.66 billion .
Of this amount less than $ 300 million is earmarked for first investments .
The remainder is reserved for follow-on investments .
Eighty-five Israeli companies were acquired or merged in 2011 , 27 percent more in 2010 , and more than the previous five-year average of 81 .
The average deal size increased nearly 85 percent to $ 60 million in 2010 .
This increase in deal size reflects a relatively high number of deals above $ 100 million , with 18 percent of the number of deals accounting for 75 percent of total M&amp;A deal proceeds .
Five M&amp;A deals exceeded $ 300 million and one deal  the acquisition of online advertising company MediaMind by DG  surpassed the $ 500 million mark .
VC-backed M&amp;A deals ( 33 ) totaled $ 2.52 billion , a 102 percent increase from $ 1.25 billion in 2010 .
Nine of the 15 deals above $ 100 million had been VC-backed .
Only five IPOs by Israeli high-tech companies were completed in 2011 , raising $ 126 million .
IQs and Zs
Night owls are smarter than other people , and now we may know why .
The modern world contains many features our slow-to-evolve brains still find unfamiliar  cars , TVs , hot dogs on a stick .
But the world has always thrown new stuff at us , and brighter humans may adapt more ably .
Satoshi Kanazawa , a psychologist at The London School of Economics and Political Science , argues that ,
while we have specialized mental modules for navigation , social interaction , and other age-old tasks ,
general intelligence is its own module handling only evolutionarily novel circumstances .
And he has data showing that people with higher IQs are more likely to have values and preferences that just did n't make sense for our ancestors to embrace .
One of those is staying up late .
A previous study found that evening people are smarter than morning people .
In a new paper , Kanazawa replicates the finding and provides a theoretical grounding .
Because the nocturnal lifestyle allowed by electricity didn't exist 10,000 years ago , we must now rely on general intelligence to override our early-to-bed instincts .
So those with more of it stay up later .
How much later ?
See below .
Night Lights Bedtimes and wake-up times for Americans in their 20s by IQ .
Very Dull ( IQ &lt; 75 )
Weekday :
11:41 P.M. - 7:20 A.M.
Weekend :
12:35 A.M. - 10:09 A.M.
Normal ( 90 &lt; IQ 125 )
Weekday :
12:29 A.M. - 7:52 A.M.
Weekend :
1:44 A.M. - 11:07 A.M.
A project is an endeavor that is undertaken to produce the results that are expected from the requesting party .
For this book a project may be design only , construction only , or a combination of design and construction .
A project consists of three components :
scope , budget , and schedule .
When a project is first assigned to a project manager , it is important that all three of these components be clearly defined .
Throughout this book , the term Scope represents the work to be accomplished ,
i.e. , the quantity and quality of work .
Budget refers to costs , measured in dollars and / or labor-hours of work .
Schedule refers to the logical sequencing and timing of the work to be performed .
The quality of a project must meet the owner 's satisfaction and is an integral part of project management .
A balance is necessary between the scope , budget , and schedule .
For any given project there is a certain amount of work that must be performed and an associated cost and schedule for producing the work .
Any increase in the scope of work requires a corresponding increase in budget and schedule .
Conversely , any decrease in scope of work results in a corresponding decrease in budget and schedule .
This principle applies between any and all of the three components of a project .
For example , any adjustment in budget and / or schedule requires a corresponding adjustment in scope .
This simple concept of a balance between scope , budget , and schedule is sometimes not fully recognized during early project development as well as during design and construction .
The source of many problems associated with a project is failure to properly define the project scope .
Too often the focus is just on budget or schedule .
Not only should the scope , budget , and schedule be well defined , but each must be linked together since one affects the other , both individually and collectively .
Since the project scope defines the work to be accomplished , it should be the first task in the development of a project , prior to the development of either the budget or the schedule .
Experienced project manager agree that the budget and schedule are derived from the scope .
Too often , top management specifies a project budget or schedule and then asks the project team to define a scope to match the budget .
This is the reverse order of defining a project and is a good project management practice .
It is the duty of a project manager to ensure that the project scope , budget , and schedule are linked together .
Budgeting is important because it establishes the amount of money the owner will spend to obtain the project and the amount of money that the design and construction organizations will be compensated for performing the work .
Each party is concerned about project cost overrun because it adversely affects profitability and creates adverse relationships between the parties .
Scheduling is important because it brings together project definition , people , cost , resources , timing , and methods of performing work to define the logical sequencing of activities for the project .
The schedule is the final product of scope definition , budgeting , and planning and forms the base against which all activities are measured .
Project tracking and control cannot be accomplished without a good plan and schedule .
Quality is an element that is integrated into and between all parts of a project :
scope , budget , and schedule .
It should not be construed as merely creating drawings with a minimum number of errors , furnishing equipment that meets specifications , or building a project to fulfill the requirements of a contract .
Certainly these factors are a part of quality , but it involves much more .
Quality is meeting the needs and satisfaction of the ultimate end user of the project , the owner .
Quality is the responsibility of all participants in a project , including all levels of management and workers in each of the principal parties .
An attitude of achieving quality must be instilled in everyone and perpetuate throughout the work environment .
The attitude should not be " what can we do to pass quality control or final inspection " ?
Instead , it should be " what can we do to improve our work and what is the best way we can furnish a project that meets the needs and satisfaction of the owner " ?
States of Depression By PAUL KRUGMAN
The economic news is looking better lately .
But after previous false starts  remember " green shoots ? "
it would be foolish to assume that all is well .
And in any case , it 's still a very slow economic recovery by historical standards .
There are several reasons for this slowness , with the most important being the overhang of household debt that is a legacy of the housing bubble .
But one significant factor in our continuing economic weakness is the fact that government in America is doing exactly what both theory and history say it should n't :
slashing spending in the face of a depressed economy .
In fact , if it were n't for this destructive fiscal austerity , our unemployment rate would almost certainly be lower now than it was at a comparable stage of the " Morning in America " recovery during the Reagan era .
Notice that I said " government in America " , not " the federal government " .
The federal government has been pursuing what amount to contractionary policies as the last vestiges of the Obama stimulus fade out ,
but the big cuts have come at the state and local level .
These state and local cuts have led to a sharp fall in both government employment and government spending on goods and services , exerting a powerful drag on the economy as a whole .
One way to dramatize just how severe our de facto austerity has been is to compare government employment and spending during the Obama-era economic expansion , with their tracks during the Reagan-era expansion , which began in November 1982 .
Start with government employment ( which is mainly at the state and local level , with about half the jobs in education . )
By this stage in the Reagan recovery , government employment had risen by 3.1 percent ;
this time around , it 's down by 2.7 percent .
Next , look at government purchases of goods and services
( as distinct from transfers to individuals , like unemployment benefits . )
Adjusted for inflation , by this stage of the Reagan recovery , such purchases had risen by 11.6 percent ;
this time , they 're down by 2.6 percent .
And the gap persists even when you do include transfers , some of which have stayed high precisely because unemployment is still so high .
Adjusted for inflation , Reagan-era spending rose 10.2 percent in the first 10 quarters of recovery , Obama-era spending only 2.6 percent .
Why did government spending rise so much under Reagan , with his small-government rhetoric ,
while shrinking under the president so many Republicans insist is a secret socialist ?
In Reagan 's case , it 's partly about the arms race , but mainly about state and local governments doing what they are supposed to do :
educate a growing population of children , invest in infrastructure for a growing economy .
Under President Obama , however , the dire fiscal condition of state and local governments  the result of a sustained slump , which in turn was caused largely by that private debt explosion before 2008  has led to forced spending cuts .
The fiscal straits of lower-level governments could and should have been alleviated by aid from Washington , which remains able to borrow at incredibly low interest rates .
But this aid was never provided on a remotely adequate scale .
This policy malpractice is doing double damage to America .
On one side , it 's helping lose the future  because that 's what happens when you neglect education and public investment .
At the same time , it 's hurting us right now , by helping keep growth low and unemployment high .
We 're talking big numbers here .
If government employment under Mr.Obama had grown at Reagan-era rates , 1.3 million more Americans would be working as schoolteachers , firefighters , police officers , etc , . than are currently employed in such jobs .
And once you take the effects of public spending on private employment into account , a rough estimate is that the unemployment rate would be 1.5 percentage points lower than it is , or below 7 percent  significantly better than the Reagan economy at this stage .
One implication of this comparison is that conservatives who love to compare Reagan 's record with Mr.Obama 's should think twice .
Aside from the fact that recoveries from financial crises are almost always slower than ordinary recoveries ,
in reality Reagan was much more Keynesian than Mr. Obama , faced with an obstructionist G.O.P. , has ever managed to be .
More important , however , there is now an easy answer to anyone asking how we can accelerate our economic recovery .
By all means , let 's talk about visionary ideas ;
but we can take a big step toward full employment just by using the federal government 's low borrowing costs to help state and local governments rehire the schoolteachers and police officers they laid off , while restarting the road repair and improvement projects they canceled or put on hold .
Children exposed to blue asbestos may face more wide-ranging health problems in adulthood than mesothelioma and lung cancer , according to an Australian study .
Researchers from Western Australia analysed health data from children who lived at Wittenoom ,
a now-abandoned WA town where blue asbestos was mined for nearly 20 years .
The results , reported in the journal American Journal of Industrial Medicine , indicate exposure to blue asbestos in early childhood elevated the risk of a range of cancers and even heart disease in adulthood .
Among women who spent a childhood at Wittenoom , the risk of mesothelioma ( asbestos-related lung disease ) was 70 to 113 times greater than among the general population .
They also had a roughly four-fold increase in risk of brain cancer and three-fold increase in the risk of ovarian cancer .
The increase in risk of mesothelioma was slightly lower in men than in women , but men also showed an increased risk of brain , colorectal and prostate cancer , and leukaemia .
While the total numbers of cancers were still small , researchers say this was the first study to report on cancer incidence and mortality in adults exposed to blue asbestos as children .
" This is a unique cohort of nearly 2,500 children with quantitative measures of asbestos exposure , exposure to a known asbestos type ( crocidolite ) and good followup " , the researchers write .
" Most of this cohort has now reached an age when chronic adult diseases are becoming more prevalent and potential associations between adult disease and childhood exposures can be explored " .
Non-cancer diseases
The data also suggested a slightly elevated risk of heart disease and ' nervous disorders ' among children exposed to blue asbestos .
Co-author Associate Professor Alison Reid says the nervous disorders refers mainly to conditions such as meningitis that were diagnosed while the children were still living at Wittenoom , but the heart disease finding was interesting .
" This is something that 's coming out in the literature as well " , says Reid , occupational epidemiologist at the Western Australian Institute for Medical Research .
" A recent study from the UK and possibly one from the US has shown that exposure to asbestos may be associate with an increased risk of heart disease later on " .
But Reid says the numbers are small , and research in this area is complicated by difficulties in accurately measuring individuals ' exposure to asbestos .
Their risk may also have been affected by the fact that many still live in rural and remote areas , where mortality from heart disease is higher than in urban centres .
Reid hopes that a detailed health questionnaire , recently sent to children raised in Wittenoom , will enable greater understanding of the true health impact of blue asbestos .
Tags :
breast-cancer , cancer , bowel-and-rectal-cancer , lung-cancer , respiratory-diseases , prostate-cancer , asbestos , ovarian-cancer
With the Oscars coming up this weekend , it seemed as good a time as any to pop a bunch of corn at SEHQ .
Even if you do n't think you feel like popcorn , it just takes a couple minutes of microwave time for that popcorn-infused air to fill your lungs and make you realize , yes , a handful of popcorn is exactly what I needed .
Adding superfluous amounts of salt and butter is never a bad idea but we had fun with more out-there toppings .
Lemongrass popcorn ?
Cool Ranch popcorn ?
A Japanese twist with furikake ?
Some other ideas for flavorings are hiding in packaged ramen and the blue-box mac and cheese
those little pouches of super salty powder make for an insta-topper .
If you 're guilty of popcorn-as-a-meal , these combos make the popcorn even more savory and meal-esque .
Ramen popcorn is a perfectly reasonable dinner , right ?
Nifty popcorn trick :
Just fill a small brown paper lunch bag with two tablespoons of popcorn kernels , tape the bag shut ,
and microwave for two minutes ( give or take ) and wait for it to start poppity-pop-popping .
If you were raised on the microwavable pouches , this will make you feel like you 're breaking all the popcorn laws .
Wait , how will I know which side up ?
Just stand the brown bag up straight and trust , it 'll pop without exploding your kitchen .
Science Translational Medicine :
Vaginal Ring Could Protect Women From HIV
A vaginal ring can protect monkeys from SHIV , a virus composed of genes from HIV and simian immunodeficiency virus or SIV , reports a new study in the 5 September issue of Science Translational Medicine .
The research offers the first data suggesting that packing microbicidesexperimental compounds typically given in gel form that attack bacteria and virusesinside a vaginal ring may be an effective way to deliver drugs that protect women against HIV .
The work is an early step in part of a larger strategy to develop a vaginal ring that prevents multiple sexually transmitted infections like HIV , human papillomavirus , and herpes , as well as unplanned pregnancy .
The microbicide , called MIV-150 , squelches HIV infection by distorting the shape of an enzyme the virus needs to make additional copies of itself .
Rachel Singer , a senior scientist at the Population Council 's Center for Biomedical HIV Research , and colleagues tested intravaginal rings loaded with MIV-150 in a small group of macaque monkeys .
High levels of the drug were detected in the animals ' vaginal fluids and tissues after the rings had been inserted for a month , significantly protected the monkeys from SHIV infection .
" This study not only provides proof-of-concept for rings but it also expands potential microbicide options by giving us exciting new data on the efficacy of the anti-retroviral MIV-150 " ,
said Melissa Robbiani , director of the Population Council 's Center for Biomedical HIV Research and a lead researcher on the study .
" As we learned here , MIV-150 is highly effective at preventing infection when released from a ring " .
Made of either ethylene vinyl acetate or silicone , the vaginal ring releases a steady stream of MIV-150 that penetrates surrounding tissues within 30 minutes after insertion .
The doses used in this study were higher than would be used in women ,
but previous macaque studies have shown that lower doses of MIV-150 in combination with other drugs delivered in a gel will likely be effective and have broader activity against sexually transmitted infection .
Lower doses of MIV-150 alone might be effective but could lead to drug resistance issues , the researchers say .
The ultimate goal is a single ring loaded with multiple drugs , which could prevent HIV as well as other sexually transmitted infections and unwanted pregnancy .
Like hormone-dosed vaginal rings commonly used for contraception , women would insert the rings themselves .
Ultimately , the researchers hope that women will be able to leave the device in place for up to three months before a replacement is needed .
Nadia Ramlagan 5 September 2012
Weddings are big business .
We 've all heard that using the word " wedding " in front of a photographer or caterer will automatically double the price you 're quoted .
The average U.S. couple spends $ 26,542 on their big day , with the majority spending between about $ 19,000 and $ 33,000 .
So how can you stop your fairytale day from turning into a financial nightmare ?
It 's worth remembering the financial impact of your wedding day .
One of the biggest causes of divorce is debt and financial worries
so don't start married life with financially crippling debts .
Here are some tips for holding your wedding on a budget .
Set a Budget to Begin With
This might seem an obvious point , but so many couples fail to start at the very beginning :
work out what the maximum amount spent can be .
Before you book anywhere or buy a single thing for your big day , figure out how much money is in your wedding fund .
This will ensure that you don't have a mountain of debt to come home to from your honeymoon .
If you can possibly avoid it , don't borrow money for the wedding .
Credit cards or loans will start married life with unwanted debt .
If you absolutely must take credit for your wedding , it should be well planned and controlled .
A good rule is to never borrow more money than you can afford to pay back within one year .
Once you know exactly how much money you have to spend  whether in cash or planned borrowing  you can start to plan your big day .
Do not forget this important step .
Cut the Venue Costs
The venue is usually the biggest expense of any wedding .
If you can make savings here , then you will be on your way to a wedding on a budget .
If you can bag a free venue , this would be a huge help .
Perhaps you know someone with a large yard you can use , or an empty barn .
Or how about using a public park for your reception and holding a large picnic for friends and family ?
If you can't get a free venue , then perhaps you could pick an unusual date for your wedding .
Having your wedding on a Friday or a Sunday could save you a large percentage on the venue costs .
Equally , how about a winter wedding ?
Although winter weddings are becoming more popular , there tend to be fewer bookings leaving you more space to negotiate on price .
The Dress
When it comes to buying your dress , don't be shy
visit bridal departments and salons and inquire about upcoming sales and designer trunk shows .
Smaller boutiques may also be willing to bargain .
If you really want to make savings , consider buying your dress from overseas .
For example , China has a roaring dressmaking industry that you can access via eBay .
Quality and reliability will vary between sellers ,
so do your research , ask questions and request samples before buying  but you could buy a made-to-measure dress for around $ 200 .
Wedding Gifts
Many couples only consider gifts at the last moment , but this can help you with your wedding and related costs .
Nowadays , many people already live together when they get married and thus , do not need the toasters , silverware and other home items that were historically given .
Therefore , don't be afraid to ask for cash on your wedding day .
There are many ways you can do this .
Envelopes on the day , money into a special bank account , even a ' honeymoon ' fund .
You could also ask friends to offer their skills to you as their wedding gift .
This will make your wedding day all the more personal and memorable , and will seriously cut costs .
Do you have a friend who could make your wedding cake ?
Someone who is handy with a camera who could take your wedding photographs ?
A friend who can craft the wedding favors or place-settings ?
Do you have a friend who is a DJ ?
Could a beautician friend do the hair and make up ?
and your nearest and dearest will be delighted they can help you on your special day .
Aim Low on the Guest List Last , but by no means least ,
it 's very easy to over invite people , so think very carefully about the guest list .
The numbers will soon add up , and if you are having a sit down meal , this will send the price up and up .
Stick to close friends and family , and do not feel obliged to invite plus-ones or distant relatives .
Consider whether you would happily buy them a meal and drinks on any other day of the year .
If the answer is no , perhaps they don't need an invitation !
The Bottom Line
Don't ever forget the purpose of your wedding day :
to get married .
If you spend $ 5,000 , you will be just as married as the couple who have spent $ 30,000 .
10 Things Every Woman Should Know
By Anastasiya Goers
You are awesome !
Today I want to take a moment to thank and greet every woman reading this article .
( If you are a man reading this post , please keep reading to learn something important about the women in your life ) .
March 8th is International Women's Day and I would like to suggest that we all celebrate it this week .
I grew up in Ukraine and this holiday is widely observed over there .
It 's a day to celebrate all the women in the world , young and experienced , mothers and daughters , friends and sisters , aunts and nieces , friends and colleagues .
Every woman is a treasure but way too often we forget how precious they are .
We get lost in daily chores and stinky diapers , in work deadlines and dirty dishes , in daily errands and occasional breakdowns .
I put together a list of 10 things that all women should remember in order to stay balanced , grounded and amazing as we are born to be .
1 . You are beautiful
People are like stained-glass windows .
They sparkle and shine when the sun is out ,
but when the darkness sets in , their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within . ~
Elizabeth Kbler-Ross
Every woman deserves to shine in this world , inside and out .
Don't let anything or anyone let you doubt how beautiful you are because you are a gem like no other .
2 . You are strong
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any .
Alice Walker
Life sometimes seems too hard and difficult to understand but no matter what obstacles are standing in your way right now you have the power to overcome them .
Sometimes your strength lies in stubbornness and determination but even more often it is hidden in your ability to go around obstacles and learn from the previous mistakes .
Be strong as a fire that crushes everything in its way and like water that finds a way around any obstacle with gentle determination and a peaceful flow .
3 . You are THE BEST at being yourself
Often people attempt to live their lives backwards :
they try to have more things , or more money , in order to do more of what they want so they will be happier .
The way it actually works is the reverse .
You must first be who you really are ,
then , do what you need to do in order to have what you want .
Margaret Young
You have unique gifts and talents that no one else in this world has .
Sometimes we feel that we need to be someone else in order to fit in , be a better mother or wife , or portray an image that we believe everyone else will love .
No matter how hard you try to be someone else you will never be good enough .
You will do the best and be the happiest only if you stop living by someone else 's standards and start using your unique potential to shine like a light in this world .
There are two ways of spreading light :
to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it .
Edith Wharton
4 . You deserve being taken care of and cherished
Remove those ' I want you to like me ' stickers from your forehead and ,
instead , place them where they truly will do the most good  on your mirror !
Susan Jeffers
We spend a big part of our lives trying to make others like us .
The truth is that no one will ever like you if you don't start loving yourself first .
Give your love to others like you do every day already but don't forget to leave some for yourself .
Spend some time reading your favorite book , exercising , giving yourself a manicure or enjoy a relaxing bubble bath .
You are worth it !
5 . You are rich
If you look at what you have in life , You 'll always have more .
If you look at what you don't have in life , You 'll never have enough .
Oprah Winfrey
True wealth comes from within .
Of course , money matters but so does the way you spend and treat it .
If money is the only purpose of your life then you will never feel rich even if you become a millionaire .
Treat money the way it was meant to  as means to existence rather than the ultimate source of happiness and joy .
Right now write down 5 things that make you a rich person and keep this list where you will always see it .
I am rich because :
__
__
__
__
__
6 . You deserve pursuing your passion
Cut not the wings of your dreams , for they are the heartbeat and the freedom of your soul .
Flavia
Your passion is the integral part of you ,
the minute you lose it you will start losing yourself .
Did you ever feel that you hardly even remember the girl you were when you were 16 ?
How could you be so happy and joyous all the time ?
What gave you that enthusiastic drive to pursue your goals and dreams ?
No matter how many years passed since you were 16 , that girl still lives inside of you .
Even though today you have responsibilities , chores and THE schedule you still need to make room for your passion .
Whether you devote 15 minutes or 15 hours to your passion , it will make you a balanced woman .
7 . Your sensitivity is your biggest power
We need 4 hugs a day for survival .
We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance .
We need 12 hugs a day for growth .
Virginia Satir
You are delicate as a flower and you need love to survive .
Don't be afraid to show your weakness every once in a while and let your loved ones help you .
Your power lies in multiplying the love and care that you receive and spreading it in the world around you .
8 . You are courageous
Courage is like a muscle .
We strengthen it with use .
Ruth Gordon
Living a full life means being bold and courageous in order to protect what you stand for and aspire for your biggest dreams .
Every day we face choices and the course your life is taking depends greatly on how courageous you are when making decisions .
Don't settle for the easiest choice but rather use your courage to live a bold and full life .
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one 's courage .
Anais Nin
9 . You are perfect
A woman is the full circle .
Within her is the power to create , nurture and transform .
Diane Mariechild
I hope you don't need any explanation here .
You are the masterpiece of perfection as long as you let your inner light shine and know how invaluable you are .
10 . You are  what you want to be
Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves .
We must learn to respect them .
We must learn to listen .
Sarah Ban Breathnach
What title do you want to give yourself ?
The nickname that I use to motivate , empower and remind myself about my values is the " Balance Queen " because balance is the cornerstone of my life .
Today ask yourself a question , Who am I ?
Sometimes we all need a little extra help and motivation to let our light shine as bright as possible .
Like diamonds we need a crafty setting to show our beauty ;
like flowers we need a talented gardener to put us in the best soil .
Baby Elephant and Keepers
Dedicated keepers at the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust 's Nairobi Elephant Nursery in Kenya protect baby Shukuru from the cold and rain , and the risk of pneumonia , with a custom-made raincoat .
Today 's the day Google 's broad new privacy policy goes into effect .
European regulators are claiming it violates data protection laws , but it 's here and it may be here to stay .
There are some not-completely-foolproof ways to hide from Google , but first let 's talk about what 's changed .
Prior to today , Google had more than 70 privacy policies for its various products .
But with the company trying to create a seamless experience across search , Gmail , Google+ Google Docs , Picasa , and much more , Google is consolidating the majority of its policies down into just one document covering most of its products .
This will make it easier for Google to track users for the purpose of serving up personalized ads .
" The main change is for users with Google Accounts " , Google said at the time of its January announcement .
" Our new Privacy Policy makes clear that , if you 're signed in , we may combine information you 've provided from one service with information from other services .
In short , we 'll treat you as a single user across all our products , which will mean a simpler , more intuitive Google experience " .
An example ?
Google search results can already bring up Google + posts or photos that have been shared with the user .
" But there 's so much more that Google can do to help you by sharing more of your information with  well , you " , Google said .
" We can make search better  figuring out what you really mean when you type in Apple , Jaguar or Pink .
We can provide more relevant ads too .
For example , it 's January , but maybe you 're not a gym person , so fitness ads aren't that useful to you .
We can provide reminders that you 're going to be late for a meeting based on your location , your calendar and an understanding of what the traffic is like that day .
Or ensure that our spelling suggestions , even for your friends ' names , are accurate because you 've typed them before .
Today , Google 's official blog reminded users of the change , saying it had been the subject of " a fair amount of chatter and confusion " .
The updated policy can be read online , and describes how Google collects device information , search queries , cellphone-related data , location information , and collects and stores information on users ' devices with the use of HTML5 technology , browser storage , application data caches , and cookies and other " anonymous identifiers " .
Before the changes , Google was " restricted in our ability to combine your YouTube and Search histories with other information in your account " , Google Privacy Director Alma Whitten wrote in the company blog .
Now Google can provide a simpler , easier-to-understand privacy policy to users , and improve its products " in ways that help our users get the most from the Web " , Whitten wrote .
Google recently promised to follow Do Not Track guidelines in an agreement with the White House , but those changes won't take effect until sometime later in the year .
With Google 's expanded ability to serve up personalized ads , the company makes certain privacy promises .
For example , " when showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories ,
such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health " .
The policy does not affect most business customers , those who have a signed contract with Google to use Google Apps for Government , Business , or Education .
Those of us with free accounts will be affected , and while there are ways to anonymize your Google usage they 're not universally effective .
Google 's privacy policy notes that " You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us " .
However , Google was recently found to be serving up advertising cookies to users of Safari and Internet Explorer using methods of circumventing the browsers ' default privacy settings .
So what else can you do ?
Most browsers today have private surfing modes that you can select .
You can visit Google 's " Data Liberation Front " website for instructions in exporting data out of Google products .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation also has instructions on removing your Google search history from your account .
However , even this is not as simple as it sounds .
Disabling Web History in your Google account " will not prevent Google from gathering and storing this information and using it for internal purposes " , the EFF notes .
Google does hand over user data in response to government requests on a regular basis , as noted in the company 's Transparency Report .
The EFF notes that disabling Web History " does not change the fact that any information gathered and stored by Google could be sought by law enforcement " .
If your account has Web History enabled , Google will keep the records indefinitely .
" With it disabled , they will be partially anonymized after 18 months , and certain kinds of uses , including sending you customized search results , will be prevented " , the EFF states .
For those who are really willing to put some work into staying anonymous , downloading a Tor client may be the right step .
Tor encrypts your Web traffic and sends it through a randomly selected series of computers , preventing shadowy third parties from learning what sites you visit or where you 're located .
The Tor Project even played a role in helping Iranians get back online after a recent government crackdown on Internet usage .
How will Ars readers handle the Google privacy changes ?
Let us know in the comments .
Angry Birds maker confirms ' Bad Piggies ' sequel will let you play as one of the grunts
After two years serving in the avian equivalent of the Air Force , Angry Bird fans now get to play as one of the grunts .
Rovio , the creators of the mega franchise based on hit mobile game , announced today they are planning to switch allegiances , with players now fighting those pesky birds with the Bad Piggies .
The new game will launch for iPhone , Android and Mac on September 27 - although , fans of the catapult may be disappointed .
For while the makers are keeping the game close to their chest , they did say that , this time , there is ' not a slingshot in sight . '
Coming soon ..
Now the Bad Piggies get to take their revenge against those pesky Angry Birds
Angry Birds , in which the player uses a slingshot to catapult birds to destroy green pigs hidden in fortresses , has been downloaded more than 700 million times , and is the fastest-growing game on Facebook .
But after sequels took the Angry Birds to Rio , and even into space , the creators decided to turn the tables and see the battle from the side of the opposing forces .
Mikael Hed , CEO of Rovio , said today :
' There 's a lot of empathy towards the lovable enemies from the Angry Birds games , and we 've been constantly asked :
what about the pigs ' side of the story ?
' Bad Piggies gives you the chance to play as the second-most-loved characters in the Angry Birds universe , and explore this rich world through their green eyes ' .
The new game will launch on iOS , Android and Mac on September 27 , with Windows Phone , Windows 8 and PC versions following shortly .
This battle has been one-sided for far too long :
In the game , players have to launch birds with varying powers at green pigs , smashing through wood , glass or stone blocks to gain points
Petri Jrvilehto , executive vice president of Rovio Games , said :
' We 've had a lot of fun creating a totally new and unique gameplay experience .
' There 's so much more to these pigs than what is seen in the Angry Birds games ,
and Bad Piggies is the first glimpse into what 's going on in the imaginative and ingenious minds of the pigs ' .
Rovio has launched www.badpiggies.com in advance of the game launch .
This company is preparing itself and getting ready ,
said Anders Lindeberg , Rovio 's head of investor relations
Rovio , originally founded in 2003 , has been valued at up to 5.5 billion just over two years since it launched its first hit , Angry Birds for Apple 's iPhone .
The company has about 300 staff , up from 50 a year ago , and has had to move out of central Helsinki to new , bigger headquarters next to mobile phone maker Nokia .
Rovio reported 2011 sales of $ 99 million ( 61.2 million ) and has talked of floating on the stock market .
It also reported a 64% profit margin for the year .
The game now has more than 200 million monthly users , and new versions include a Facebook version of the game , which is free , but earns money through paid-for extras .
Rovio is also expanding its brand to toys and playgrounds , and is taking the birds to the big screen .
The first full-motion animated movie featuring the characters is in works and the short animations are a YouTube hit .
European commission criticised for ' racist ' ad
Video showing white European woman facing down Chinese , Indian and Brazilian fighters is withdrawn after outcry
Nicholas Watt , chief political correspondent
guardian.co.uk ,
6 March 2012 14.11 GMT
The European commission has been forced to withdraw a high-budget video promoting the EU amid accusations that it depicts other cultures in a racist manner .
A row broke out after the enlargement directorate of the European commission , which is responsible for the expansion of the EU , released a video clip that was designed to appeal to young voters .
The video , entitled Growing Together , features a white woman dressed in yellow  the colour of the stars of the EU  walking calmly through a warehouse .
As a gong sounds , she looks behind her as an aggressive Chinese-looking man shouting kung fu slogans jumps down in the style of the film Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
As he moves towards her , an Indian-looking man in traditional dress wielding a knife levitates towards her .
He is a master of kalaripayattu , a martial art from the southern Indian state of Kerala .
As she deals with him , a black man with dreadlocks cartwheels towards her in the style of capoeira , the Brazilian martial art .
The woman stares at the men .
She then multiplies herself to form a circle around the men who drop their weapons and sit down .
The woman 's yellow outfit then turns into the stars of the EU .
The video shows the words :
" The more we are , the stronger we are " .
It then says :
" Click here to learn more about EU enlargement " .
Raoul Ruparel , of Open Europe , said :
" This was an ill-advised move by the European commission .
It is strange because normally there is something of the Kum Ba Yah about the commission .
But it has produced a video which shows a white female being threatened by foreign men with weapons .
This is in dubious taste and judgment .
" We also question whether it was necessary to produce the video in the first place .
We are in favour of EU enlargement but we are not sure that making viral videos is the best way to go about that . "
Stefano Sannino , the director general of the enlargement division of the European commission , said : "
We have received a lot of feedback on our latest video clip , including from people concerned about the message it was sending .
It was a viral clip targeting , through social networks and new media , a young audience ( 16-24 ) who understand the plots and themes of martial arts films and video games .
The reactions of these target audiences to the clip have in fact been positive ,
as had those of the focus groups on whom the concept had been tested .
" The clip featured typical characters for the martial arts genre :
kung fu , capoeira and kalaripayattu masters ;
it started with demonstration of their skills and ended with all characters showing their mutual respect , concluding in a position of peace and harmony .
The genre was chosen to attract young people and to raise their curiosity on an important EU policy .
The clip was absolutely not intended to be racist and we obviously regret that it has been perceived in this way .
We apologise to anyone who may have felt offended .
Given these controversies , we have decided to stop the campaign immediately and to withdraw the video .
A decade after pets.com and a string of other early Internet specialty retailers collapsed , a new wave of start-ups -- enabled by the power of cloud computing , advanced delivery systems and deep social relationships with customers -- is shaping e-commerce .
From diapers and eyeglasses to pool tables and , yes , pet products , entrepreneurs are developing specialty businesses to compete alongside one-stop shopping giants like Amazon.com and Walmart.com.
Now , engineers have dramatically reduced obstacles to creating web-based businesses , and entrepreneurs have learned more about how to capture online consumers .
Many of these small players are working in affiliation with Amazon or other major online retailers that assist with the marketing platform and/or delivery fulfillment .
Others are folding into bigger sites .
This month , Seattle-based Amazon paid $ 545 million to acquire Quidsi , a New Jersey retailer that delivers diapers and baby products under the name diapers.com and recently started selling soap and cosmetics .
Last fall , Amazon paid $ 1.2 billion for Zappos , the specialty shoe retailer .
Online sales continue to outpace overall retail spending growth .
In 2010 , U.S. e-commerce sales totaled $ 165.4 billion , up 14.8 % from 2009 , the U.S. Department of Commerce reported .
Looking forward , eMarketer , which tracks the digital marketplace , estimates online sales will rise to $ 188 billion in 2011 and $ 269.8 billion in 2015 .
According to eMarketer , 87.5 % of U.S. Internet users over age 14 , or 178.5 million people , will browse or research products online this year .
Of that group , 83% will make an Internet purchase in 2011 .
The Internet lends itself to specialty retailing because it allows companies to offer huge product portfolios without having to stock inventory in bricks-and-mortar shops .
Wharton marketing professor Stephen Hoch notes that Amazon itself began in 1994 as a niche player selling books only .
Now , the $ 34 billion company markets everything from fine jewelry to industrial supplies .
According to Hoch , improvements in computer technology and graphics allow consumers to get a better sense of what they are buying online .
" People , especially young people , have grown up on this and are more trusting and more confident about buying online " .
Zappos , for example , made it easy for consumers to buy shoes -- " the one thing that really has to fit right "
online with liberal return policies .
And eyewear e-tailer Warby Parker will ship sample frames to customers .
The site also has an interactive feature that allows shoppers to upload their photo to see what they would look like in different styles .
In the earlier days of online retailing , Bell notes , companies overestimated the value of " eyeballs " , or the number of visits consumers made to a site .
Retailers now understand more about converting visits into sales , often by building relationships through social commerce tools , including blogs , Twitter and Facebook .
" Companies are learning how to turn their own customers into their sales force " , says Bell .
" The whole social media platform wasn't around in the first boom " .
Jeffrey Grau , principal analyst at eMarketer in New York City , predicts that social connections will continue to drive growth for Internet retailers as mobile technology expands .
" There are a lot of creative business models coming out all the time that involve social commerce or mobile commerce .
There 's a lot of innovation going on in e-commerce " .
Pitching to New Parents
But Wharton marketing professor Peter Fader cautions that e-tailers hoping to evolve small niche lines into national mega-brands face difficult ,
if not impossible , odds .
He cites the marketing law of " double jeopardy " and research showing that big brands enjoy higher sales and more brand loyalty than their smaller , more specialized counterparts , which tend to appeal only to the most avid buyers .
He uses the example of a consumer who buys a specialty brand of gentle laundry detergent for people with sensitive skin .
That person is probably still buying name brands such as Tide to meet his or her other needs .
A business based on the specialty detergent could never scale up enough to capture significant sales from the major brands , Fader says .
Online specialty retailers can be successful if they understand their limitations , and construct logistics and marketing operations to suit that size .
" Unfortunately , too many small brands don't view themselves as a specialty " , Fader points out .
" They think they can compete with the big guys " .
As a result , the company spends too much on broad-based advertising and other attempts to drive scale .
Ultimately , Fader says , they get crushed ..
If you admit that you are a small brand , go after the specialty angle and say ,
' People will buy us only occasionally '
and you keep costs down and keep the message focused -- then you can be okay " .
However , he adds , " That approach is not sexy and doesn't sell well to the venture capitalists " .
According to Wharton marketing professor Leonard Lodish ,
diapers.com retailer Quidsi , founded in 2005 by Marc Lore and his business partner Vinit Bharara , has the important characteristics for an online specialty retailer today strong execution and lavish customer service .
Lodish , who served on the board of Quidsi before its acquisition by Amazon , says the firm developed highly efficient distribution networks revolving around state-of-the art information technology .
Its warehouses are equipped with sophisticated robots handling automated fulfillment .
In addition , Quidsi developed a software program , called Boxem , that calculates the best sized box for any individual order , saving on shipping and other costs .
However , Lodish says the company 's most important asset is its relationship with new parents , fostered through its own customer service staff , not a remote call center .
" Their customers love them " , notes Lodish .
" Their reputation with young mothers is better than anybody else by far .
People talk about them and refer friends to diapers.com when they have new babies " .
After battling Quidsi on diaper pricing , Amazon offered to buy it .
" The present value of what Amazon was offering was better than what Quidsi could do on its own
That 's the right way to look at it from the point of view of the shareholder of the company " , says Lodish .
Wharton marketing professor Barbara Kahn describes Amazon 's purchase of Quidsi as the online version of a long-established retail phenomenon known as the " wheel of retailing "
in which large companies seeking scale and new capabilities often acquire specialty retailers to expand their offerings in a one-stop environment .
However , in time , new specialty retailers discover niches and create targeted organizations to meet those customer needs better than the large retailers
and the wheel turns again .
The differences between a company like Amazon and a small specialty player illustrate the disparities between a market-share model ,
designed to serve as many products to as many people as possible ,
and a customer-focused approach aimed at developing deep loyalty from shoppers , according to Kahn .
The new breed of Internet specialty retailer is reaching customers by building communities among customers , she adds .
In traditional retail , the closest example of this kind of effort is at independent running stores where customers come together to form running clubs and train for races .
" In the virtual world you can do that around any interest " , Kahn notes .
Three Engineers vs. 40 Social commerce is critical to Davis Smith 's latest venture .
In 2004 , he founded pooltables.com , which shipped pool tables made in China to consumers ' homes .
Smith sold that business to a competitor to focus on his next company ,
an online baby product retailer in Brazil called Baby.com.br -- modeled largely on diapers.com.
While the margins on diapers are slim , Smith says ,
the new company 's strategy will be to develop loyalty so that mothers return to the site frequently ,
not only for diapers but also for wipes and other baby products .
" In these niche markets , customers , especially mothers , expect great customer service and [ significant ] depth of products and they actually want a community " , Smith says .
The site , scheduled to open this spring , will have outlets for consumers to share their pregnancy and parenting experiences .
" This whole idea of social commerce is very new .
No one has really figured it out entirely yet .
But a lot of people are coming in brand new with a lot of fun ideas " .
Once he has a customer hooked , Smith figures families with two children will be loyal customers for at least six years .
" When you find mothers coming back to the website to buy the wipes and the formula they need every week , there is a tremendous opportunity to up-sell and cross-sell other products " .
Those same mothers , he adds , could be converted to other consumer products because " they are not going to want to strap their toddlers into a car seat to run out to buy q-tips or Windex or toilet paper " .
Beyond logistics and customer relationships , some of the new web entrepreneurs are focused on creating their own products .
Bonobos , a men 's apparel e-tailer , designs , develops , sources and merchandises its own clothing brand .
" So unlike Zappos or Quidsi , we are not about offering the deepest selection of brands on the market " , states Bonobos founder Andy Dunn , who started the company in 2007 .
" Rather , we go so far as to actually create and own the very best of those brands " .
Dunn calls the strategy " vertical web retailing " .
Even pet food is getting a second look .
Petflow.com , founded in 2009 , is delivering food and other pet supplies on a new subscription model that relies on regularly scheduled deliveries .
Julie Wainwright , former CEO of Pets.com , says specialty retail start-ups today are operating in a completely different world than when Pets.com folded after famously promoting its business with commercials starring a sock puppet during the Super Bowl .
First , Wainwright notes , the number of people with Internet access , including mobile devices , has grown from 250 million in the early part of the decade to around five billion today .
In addition , technology has evolved with new plug-and-play solutions that had to be custom designed for e-commerce firms in the first wave of online retail .
For example , new start-ups today can buy a digital shopping cart from a software company . Pets.com had to design its own .
Wainwright says three people can now do the work of creating a site that took 40 to 45 highly skilled engineers a decade ago .
Back then , cloud computing was unknown .
Each individual e-commerce site had to operate its own servers and backup systems .
" Now , it is pretty easy for any mom and pop to set up an e-commerce site " ,
states Wainwright , who is currently running a health consultancy .
Wharton 's Bell says that in addition to mom and pop entrepreneurs , many top business school graduates are looking for ways to start their own firms rather than migrate to finance as they had in recent years .
And as Wainwright notes , online retailing today is becoming an increasingly creative outlet .
Rather than simply moving products out of warehouses , online retailers now have the opportunity to build elaborate sites incorporating photos , video and music that can express a personal vision .
Subsidiary or Competitor ?
For some , the long-term strategy may be to scale up and sell to Amazon or cash out in a stock offering .
Others , according to Bell , seem driven to build their firms and remain in control .
While Quidsi and Zappos agreed to be acquired by Amazon , he notes that Groupon rejected Google 's $ 6 billion offer .
" It comes down to the vision of the individual founder and the size of the opportunity to be had " .
Dunn , the Bonobos founder , says service-driven , product-depth players like Zappos and Quidsi are good candidates for acquisition by larger firms .
" We don't want to compete with them at their own game , which is low-cost product depth " , Dunn notes .
" In the long run , we would be more honored to be their competitor than their subsidiary .
But we 've got miles to go to even think about that possibility " .
Not all entrepreneurs are drawn to the online world .
Patrick FitzGerald is working on another diapers-oriented venture , Nanny Caddy .
The company provides vending machines stocked with diapers and other baby items , such as pacifiers , wipes and sunscreen , to child-oriented locations , including zoos and museums .
FitzGerald 's prior start-up , RecycleBank , provides incentive programs for recycling .
" You can't get more in the physical world than trash and vending machines " , says FitzGerald .
The key difference between managing an Internet and an offline company is the relationship with customers ,
which he argues is more powerful in a company that works primarily in the physical world .
The downside is that a business like Nanny Caddy requires significant travel and hands-on involvement .
" The logistical component of moving Nanny Caddy and delivering nationwide is not so easy .
I have much bigger forearms than I did before " .
FitzGerald stresses that first-hand feedback on the ground is critical .
" You learn very quickly where the holes are " , he says .
" It 's easy to sit in a room and pound away at spreadsheets , but sometimes you have to get your hands dirty " .
Online or off , retailers will always face the pressure to generate profit , Wainwright notes .
The online retail marketplace has a lot of " clutter " , and e-commerce companies face challenges ,
she adds .
" The economics are not that much different than bricks-and-mortar stores .
The margins are slightly better , but they are still thin margins " .
Wharton 's Hoch also adds a note of caution :
" In the future , there is a lot of opportunity for start-ups in specialized e-tailing .
But it 's also easy not to succeed .
The barriers to entry are low , and the barriers to exit are low .
A lot of people are trying things .
Sometimes you just can't tell exactly what is going to work " .
Have you noticed how most of the Tea Party people were sort of old , while most of the Occupy Wall Street people are fairly young ?
Here's an interesting factoid , from the USA Today : Older people are much much richer than young people .
According to the Pew Research Center , Americans 65 and older are 47 times richer than those 35 and younger .
It makes sense that old people would have more money than young people , because they have been working and saving longer .
But this wealth gap is massive by historical standards .
In 1984 , old people were a mere 10 times richer than young people .
Not only have old people gotten richer since then , but the median net worth of households headed by young people has declined considerably .
Households headed by adults ages 35 and younger had a median net worth of $ 3,662 in 2009 .
That marks a 68 % decline in wealth , compared to that same age group 25 years earlier .
Over the same time frame , households headed by adults ages 65 years and older , have seen just the opposite .
Their wealth rose 42 % to a median of $ 170,494 .
It gets worse , for young people :
" 37 % of the young households held zero or negative net worth in 2009 , up from 19 % in 1984 " .
Boy , so what are all these old people complaining about , so much ?
This growing disparity is the result of a lot of factors , but the most powerful force driving the net worth of young people ever downward is debt .
Lots of young people are , as we have repeatedly noted , graduating college with mountains of student loan debt , and today's job market is not exactly robust .
And many young people who listened to the conventional wisdom and purchased a home have found that to be a poor investment .
Old people who already owned their homes weathered the housing bubble and its collapse largely intact . Home owners 35 and under were and are simply screwed .
To make up for the fact that advertisers and film industry marketers don't care for them , old people instead have the United States Congress , which is made up almost entirely of old people .
For old people , America is practically a European socialist utopia , with single-payer healthcare and everything . It's laissez-faire for the rest of us suckers .
The fact that this gap is getting worse helps explain why so many older Americans don't get it , when the young people complain .
The amount of debt young Americans take on today is way higher than it used to be , the opportunities for class mobility are shrinking .
And the life choices that worked for earlier generations looking to join the middle or upper classes ( college and homeownership ) have largely become massive rip-offs .
With the most recent crash and recession , young people have gone from a generation that worried they'd never be able to afford the homes they grew up in to one that is unable to leave those homes .
( and then they're called shiftless and lazy , ) and the response of the political class has been  austerity for most .
It is the primary argument of the austerity pushers ( and their allies , the deficit hawks ) that young people should give in and accept that " we " can't afford to sustain the fairer society that older Americans enjoyed .
That argument would be more convincing if the current Bad Times were affecting everyone equally , instead of simply the already young and poor .
But every week more data arrives showing that those who made a killing before the house went bust are doing fine , thank you .
What's expected of us It's a tough choice
Ted Chiang
This is a warning .
Please read carefully .
By now you've probably seen a Predictor ; millions of them have been sold by the time you're reading this .
For those who haven't seen one , it is a small device , like a remote for opening your car door .
Its only features are a button and a big green LED .
The light flashes if you press the button .
Specifically , the light flashes one second before you press the button .
Most people say that when they first try it , it feels like they're playing a strange game , one where the goal is to press the button after seeing the flash , and it's easy to play .
But when you try to break the rules , you find that you can't .
If you try to press the button without having seen a flash , the flash immediately appears , and no matter how fast you move , you never push the button until a second has elapsed .
If you wait for the flash , intending to keep from pressing the button afterwards , the flash never appears .
No matter what you do , the light always precedes the button press . There is no way to fool a Predictor .
The heart of each Predictor is a circuit with a negative time delay  it sends a signal back in time .
The full implications of the technology will become apparent later , when negative delays of greater than a second are achieved , but that's not what this warning is about .
The immediate problem is that Predictors demonstrate that there's no such thing as free will .
There have always been arguments showing that free will is an illusion , some based on hard physics , others based on pure logic .
Most people agree these arguments are irrefutable , but no one ever really accepts the conclusion .
The experience of having free will is too powerful for an argument to overrule .
What it takes is a demonstration , and that's what a Predictor provides .
Typically , a person plays with a Predictor compulsively for several days , showing it to friends , trying various schemes to outwit the device .
The person may appear to lose interest in it , but no one can forget what it means  over the following weeks , the implications of an immutable future sink in .
Some people , realizing that their choices don't matter , refuse to make any choices at all .
Like a legion of Bartleby the Scriveners , they no longer engage in spontaneous action .
Eventually , a third of those who play with a Predictor must be hospitalized because they won't feed themselves .
The end state is akinetic mutism , a kind of waking coma .
They'll track motion with their eyes , and change position occasionally , but nothing more .
The ability to move remains , but the motivation is gone .
Before people started playing with Predictors , akinetic mutism was very rare , a result of damage to the anterior cingulate region of the brain .
Now it spreads like a cognitive plague .
People used to speculate about a thought that destroys the thinker , some unspeakable lovecraftian horror , or a Godel sentence that crashes the human logical system .
It turns out that the disabling thought is one that we've all encountered : the idea that free will doesn't exist .
It just wasn't harmful until you believed it .
Doctors try arguing with the patients while they still respond to conversation .
We had all been living happy , active lives before , they reason , and we hadn't had free will then either . Why should anything change ?
" No action you took last month was any more freely chosen than one you take today " , a doctor might say . " You can still behave that way now " .
The patients invariably respond , " But now I know " .
And some of them never say anything again .
Some will argue that the fact the Predictor causes this change in behaviour means that we do have free will .
An automaton cannot become discouraged , only a free-thinking entity can .
The fact that some individuals descend into akinetic mutism whereas others do not just highlights the importance of making a choice .
Unfortunately , such reasoning is faulty : every form of behaviour is compatible with determinism .
One dynamic system might fall into a basin of attraction and wind up at a fixed point , whereas another exhibits chaotic behaviour indefinitely , but both are completely deterministic .
I'm transmitting this warning to you from just over a year in your future :
it's the first lengthy message received when circuits with negative delays in the megasecond range are used to build communication devices .
Other messages will follow , addressing other issues .
My message to you is this :
pretend that you have free will .
It's essential that you behave as if your decisions matter , even though you know that they don't . The reality isn't important :
what's important is your belief , and believing the lie is the only way to avoid a waking coma .
Civilization now depends on self-deception . Perhaps it always has .
And yet I know that , because free will is an illusion , it's all predetermined who will descend into akinetic mutism and who won't .
There's nothing anyone can do about it  you can't choose the effect the Predictor has on you .
Some of you will succumb and some of you won't , and my sending this warning won't alter those proportions .
So why did I do it ?
Because I had no choice .
THE WAY OF BOYS -- Raising Healthy Boys in an Age of Unfair Expectations , Diagnoses , and Pills
by Anthony Rao and Michelle Seaton
CHAPTER Six
He Runs the Household The first thing Megan says to me after I ask about her son's behavior at home is this :
" Time-outs don't work " .
She's frustrated and embattled ,
and she feels betrayed by all the parenting books that tell her to position a chair in the corner of the room and make her son sit in it for a prescribed length of time 
a minute per year 
in order to reflect on whatever he's done wrong .
The theory sounds great , except that Megan's son , like so many boys age three , won't sit in the chair .
He just gets down and runs off . He won't stay in one spot for any length of time .
Boys are driven by their internal engine , their brain , to wander , investigate , grab , and take apart the world around them .
They are so driven that they may shrug off disapproval from their parents .
Sometimes they seem impervious to shame , and often ignore nonverbal social cues in their quest to get at things .
As a result , most tactics for maintaining order and discipline in the home just don't work .
Boys tune them out , and that keeps parents in a one-down position , forced to threaten and beg their sons to acknowledge household rules .
The worst of it is that the traditional trump card of discipline , the time-out , is ineffective on most boys .
Megan didn't know this when once , in a heroic , or perhaps exhausting attempt to impose time-outs ,
Megan sat Ryan on a chair and then physically restrained him for the three minutes .
This was worse , because Ryan considered this to be a kind of wrestling match .
While Megan got angrier and more frustrated , Ryan wiggled and laughed .
This was no punishment ; for him it was a game in which he had his mother's full attention for three minutes .
Megan is doubly furious because her best friend has adopted a daughter exactly Ryan's age , a beautiful little girl named Polly .
When Polly refuses to eat her food or get into the car seat or put down some object she's not supposed to have , her parents just count .
" They just count to three " , says Megan , " and it works . I've seen it " .
Megan 's friend often implies that the reason her daughter is so compliant is her own superior intuitive parenting .
I can't resist asking what happens after Polly 's parents count to three . " No one knows " , says Megan . " They've never gotten to three " .
This story doesn't surprise me at all .
Polly sounds like a little girl who is highly tuned in and socially aware of others around her .
She studies the faces of her mom and dad looking for signs of approval and disapproval .
In general little girls in this age group tend to be more aware of the emotions of others and they are developing an understanding of social rules as a kind of game , one they can excel at and like to play .
They aren't any more compliant than little boys , but they understand disapproval and they hate it .
With many girls , and only some boys , moms have good luck wielding disappointment and shame in order to coerce compliance .
Many boys just don't work this way .
The youngest ones don't yet understand the complexities of social structures in the world .
Sharing , waiting your turn , saying hello to someone when you first see them , chatting while you play ; it's all like gibberish to them compared to the strong internal need to experience the world hands on , study it , manipulate and reconstruct it .
As one mom said to me ,
" It's like the fog on that part of his brain hasn't lifted yet . He's just not seeing socially yet " .
Exactly .
These boys are busy doing other things , such as building spatial awareness and testing physical boundaries . That's why he's tearing the house apart .
At three , four , and even five , mom 's rules are just speed bumps .
Repeated shaming and yelling doesn't work with these strong-willed and fearless guys . Lectures don't work .
And here's the big one :
Time-outs don't work for many such boys .
CHAPTER Thirteen
What Will He Be Like As a Grown Man ?
When moms come to me for help with their sons , I know the real question , the real concern they have even if they don't say it out loud .
Moms worry that their boys are hopelessly behind indevelopment and that this gap will grow over the years .
They worry that their boys won't grow up to be happy and accomplished adults .
Compounding their fears is the vast majority of books in the parenting section that view developmental challenges as abnormal and not as opportunities for growth .
Most of these books encourage parents to view most troublesome behavior as pathological .
Worried parents who look for a book to explain a boy's behavior will find these books filled with lists of behaviors , called symptoms , along with a ready-made diagnosis .
These books encourage parents to be vigilant , to look for trouble in their sons' behaviors .
They offer up scary stories about kids who have failed in life or suffered terribly because they didn't get help early enough .
I take the opposite approach .
As a child psychologist who has worked with kids for more than twenty years , I can happily say that most boys , even those with early struggles , will grow up healthy and well .
I want parents to relax .
They are surprised when I tell them that they should imagine their sons all grown up and happy and thanking them for all their hard work as a parent .
I can tell them this because I have seen the contrasts between the boys that came into my office years ago ,
some with problems that seemed serious at the time , and the capable young men they have become .
Many of my former patients continue to visit me from time to time to check in .
Several of them have enthusiastically agreed to be profiled here ,
to talk openly about what they felt as kids who , whether they had a diagnosis or not , came to me for treatment .
They will talk about what it was like to be the trouble maker in the family or at school or the shy guy who stood on the side lines .
I want moms who read this chapter to make acrucial leap and begin to see the healthy young adult inside their own sons .
Every mother should try to look ahead and see her son as a happy , healthy grownman .
I tell each mom to imagine her son sitting around in his college dorm room with his friends or going off to a first job ,
to really imagine a future in which he is a well-adjusted adult .
Without this visualization , many moms allow their worries to grow and fester .
They become hyper-vigilant and look only for what might be going wrong .
Despite good intentions , any parent can interfere too much with a boy 's development , in the belief that he needs more help than he does .
The grown boys I interviewed for this book show that a calm , measured , and thoughtful parenting approach works .
A boy needs to feel his mother's confidence in him , and to know that she doesn't think he is damaged or disordered .
He needs to know he 'll be healthy , happy , and a success .
Read on and listen to how these moms guided and nurtured their sons from their earliest , most vulnerable days in ways that give them the best shot at life .
{ TXB1 } Brett , The Boy In Charge Brett , at six feet , two inches tall , was dressed in jeans and as weat shirt bearing the name of the college to which he was just accepted .
He came into my office recently , as have many of the grown boys I've seen over the years , to talk through the biggest transition of his life .
He has been accepted to a great college , one of his top choices ,
and has asked to defer enrollment for a semester so he can travel and work for a youth program before starting as a freshman .
His face , now a man's face , has traces of a beard and strong jawline , but it retains the softer , younger boy's face that I remember from when we first met .
Brett had his first appointment with me when he was four years old .
At that time he was quite a handful at home , constantly in motion , grabbing things , constantly getting hurt as he careenedaround the house and scaled the furniture .
He was so bossy with other kids that he couldn't get through a playdate .
His mother was getting calls from his preschool almost every day .
The teachers reported that Brett was too grabby and pushy with the other kids ,
and repeatedly broke safety rules , such as dashing into the street on the trip between the school and the playground each morning .
His pediatrician , a seasoned child expert , told me at that time that Brett was surely a candidate for an ADHD diagnosis , but he didn't want to rush medication on such a young boy .
This pediatrician asked me to help Brett , and to help his mom teach him to socialize without fighting and to prepare him for the social demands of kindergarten .
Brett was very precocious , headstrong , and smart , but because of his developmental immaturity , he was one incident away from being asked to leave preschool .
I asked Brett what he remembers about those early sessions . The answer is not much .
" I remember playing Connect Four " , he said . " And the puppets , and playing with the toys on your shelf " .
He laughs and adds , " And running around not listening while my mom and you were talking " .
Unlike Brett , his mother Stacey remembers all the details of those difficultearly years .
" He was running circles around me , and raising his older sister had been so easy .
She would listen to me " , said Joyce .
She remembered one visit to the pediatrician's office in particular .
Brett was running everywhere , climbing , not listening ,
and the pediatrician turned to her and said , " You are such a good parent . You did such a good job with your daughter .
But Brett , here , he's in charge , not you " .
What he meant was that Brett had his own personality , all kids do , and his style was that of a bulldozer .
The coming retail boom Europe 's dozy retailers are about to be rudely awoken .
A COUPLE of years ago the Obamas visited Paris .
One Sunday morning Michelle and her daughters decided to sample the city 's famous shops .
There was only one problem :
the shops were all firmly ferms ( French secularism is mysteriously suspended when it comes to observing the Sabbath . )
Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's ever-helpful president , had to call a few places personally and ask them to open .
Europe 's greatest achievement is supposed to be its single market .
But actually taking advantage of that market can be frustrating .
Retailing is a mess of restrictive practices and cultural oddities .
Continental Europe boasts plenty of charming boulangeries and confiteras .
But charm costs time and money .
You may have to visit six or seven shops to fill your shopping bag  and one or two will inevitably be closed .
Parisian butchers close on Tuesday afternoons and Thursdays  and whenever else the proprietor decides to put a " fermeture exceptionelle " sign in the window .
Europe has some mighty supermarkets , to be sure .
But they are often built in the middle of nowhere , due to restrictive planning laws .
Many appear to have been built from Soviet-era blueprints , and to have staff who go out of their way to demonstrate that they hate you .
" When stores start to smell like that in America " , one shopper commented after a visit to a hypermarket near Bordeaux , " we just pull them down " .
Restrictive practices are everywhere you look .
Food and soft drinks cost 28% more in Belgium than in the Netherlands .
Over-the-counter drugs can cost five times as much in one European country as in another ( if you can buy them at all :
Germany and Italy bar the sale of pharmaceuticals by non-pharmacies . )
Shoes cost 30% more in Montenegro , a relatively poor country , than in Britain , a relatively rich one .
European shoppers are starting to revolt .
On January 30th Carrefour , Europe 's biggest retailer , announced that it is replacing its boss , Lars Olofsson , with Georges Plassat , an outsider .
This comes after years of stagnant sales .
Mr Olofsson had tried to revive Carrefour with beauty zones and organic food , but nothing worked :
the company 's share price fell by 37% last year .
And Carrefour 's problems are a mere rumble compared with the earthquake that is about to hit European retail .
E-commerce will do to shops what it did to music and media ( minus the piracy . )
It will make a reality of the single market by giving consumers the power to browse across a club of 500m people .
This will be hugely disruptive :
those boulangeries and hypermarchs are collectively one of the biggest employers in Europe .
So far Europeans have been slow to grasp the potential of e-commerce .
A mere 3.4% of Europe 's products and services are sold via the web , compared with 4.6% in the United States , and only 8.8% of European e-commerce flows across borders .
Germany , where service in shops is often dire , has been particularly obdurate .
But things are changing .
E-commerce has been growing much faster than the rest of the industry .
The European Commission calculates that the proportion of Europeans who bought something online in the past year increased from 20% to 40% between 2004 and 2010 .
Britain 's Centre for Retail Research predicts that Europe 's online market will grow by 16% this year .
Popular attitudes are evolving :
hard times are making Europeans more price-conscious .
And familiarity with the internet is soothing old fears about how trustworthy e-commerce is .
Europeans are well-equipped to take advantage of new forms of e-commerce , such as shopping by mobile phone .
Europe is a smartphone superpower :
48% of Spaniards have the gadgets , as do nearly as many Britons and Italians .
A handful of European companies are becoming market leaders in e-commerce .
France 's Vente-Privee , an online hawker of designer goods , has pioneered exclusive " private sales " to make members feel special .
It sells more than  1billion-worth of fancy baubles a year .
Italy 's Yoox Group delivers selections of clothes to customers by FedEx , waits while they try them on and takes back what they do n't want .
Bricks-and-mortar stores are furiously adapting .
Marks &amp; Spencer , a traditional British store , now sells knickers and superior cakes by smartphone .
John Lewis , another British chain , shifts tonnes of furniture online and is known for good service .
EC stands for e-commerce On January 11th the European Commission announced that creating a " digital single market " and toppling barriers to cross-border e-commerce is one of its priorities .
The commission says it wants e-commerce to double its share of retail sales to 6.8% by 2015 .
More importantly , the biggest e-tailers are investing huge sums to grab market share .
Amazon 's poor results this week reflect its willingness to sacrifice short-term profits for growth .
There will be losers .
Retailers employ 17.4m Europeans , many of them young , unskilled and unlikely to find other work .
A fifth of small businesses in Europe are shops , and many Europeans treasure the culture of the little corner store .
It can not be long before the anti- Walmart crowd turn their fire on eBay and Amazon .
But the winners will outnumber the losers .
When you shop online , it costs less and someone else delivers it all to your door .
This is more agreeable than pushing a trolley round Tesco while your children knock over the soup display .
The commission calculates that if obstacles to e-commerce are removed and it grows to 15% of the retail sector , the gains in " consumer welfare " could amount to  204billion ( $ 267billion , ) or 1.7% of GDP .
Some of Europe 's small shops will give up the battle with giant supermarkets and reinvent themselves as stylish showcases for e-commerce .
Oddly enough , the old continent 's best chance of preserving its cultural traditions lies with harnessing new technology , not ignoring it .
Europe 's Transition From Social Democracy to Oligarchy
The easiest way to understand Europe 's financial crisis is to look at the solutions being proposed to resolve it .
They are a banker 's dream , a grab bag of giveaways that few voters would be likely to approve in a democratic referendum .
Bank strategists learned not to risk submitting their plans to democratic vote after Icelanders twice refused in 2010-11 to approve their government 's capitulation to pay Britain and the Netherlands for losses run up by badly regulated Icelandic banks operating abroad .
Lacking such a referendum , mass demonstrations were the only way for Greek voters to register their opposition to the  50billion in privatization sell-offs demanded by the European Central Bank ( ECB ) in autumn 2011 .
The problem is that Greece lacks the ready money to redeem its debts and pay the interest charges .
The ECB is demanding that it sell off public assets  land , water and sewer systems , ports and other assets in the public domain , and also cut back pensions and other payments to its population .
The " bottom " understandably are angry to be informed that the wealthiest layer of the population is largely responsible for the budget shortfall by stashing away a reported  45 billion of funds stashed away in Swiss banks alone .
The idea of normal wage-earners being obliged to forfeit their pensions to pay for tax evaders  and for the general un-taxing of wealth since the regime of the colonels  makes most people understandably angry .
For the ECB , EU and IMF " troika " to say that whatever the wealthy take , steal or evade paying must be made up by the population at large is not a politically neutral position .
It comes down hard on the side of wealth that has been unfairly taken .
A democratic tax policy would reinstate progressive taxation on income and property , and would enforce its collection  with penalties for evasion .
Ever since the 19th century , democratic reformers have sought to free economies from waste , corruption and " unearned income " .
But the ECB " troika " is imposing a regressive tax  one that can be imposed only by turning government policy-making over to a set of unelected " technocrats " .
To call the administrators of so anti-democratic a policy " technocrats " seems to be a cynical scientific-sounding euphemism for financial lobbyists or bureaucrats deemed suitably tunnel-visioned to act as useful idiots on behalf of their sponsors .
Their ideology is the same austerity philosophy that the IMF imposed on Third World debtors from the 1960s through the 1980s .
Claiming to stabilize the balance of payments while introducing free markets , these officials sold off export sectors and basic infrastructure to creditor-nation buyers .
The effect was to drive austerity-ridden economies even deeper into debt  to foreign bankers and their own domestic oligarchies .
This is the treadmill on which Eurozone social democracies are now being placed .
Under the political umbrella of financial emergency , wages and living standards are to be scaled back and political power shifted from elected government to technocrats governing on behalf of large banks and financial institutions . Public-sector labor is to be privatized  and de-unionized , while Social Security , pension plans and health insurance are scaled back .
This is the basic playbook that corporate raiders follow when they empty out corporate pension plans to pay their financial backers in leveraged buyouts .
It also is how the former Soviet Union 's economy was privatized after 1991 , transferring public assets into the hands of kleptocrats , who worked with Western investment bankers to make the Russian and other stock exchanges the darlings of the global financial markets .
Property taxes were scaled back while flat taxes were imposed on wages ( a cumulative 59 percent in Latvia . )
Industry was dismantled as land and mineral rights were transferred to foreigners , economies driven into debt and skilled and unskilled labor alike was obliged to emigrate to find work .
Pretending to be committed to price stability and free markets , bankers inflated a real estate bubble on credit .
Rental income was capitalized into bank loans and paid out as interest .
This was enormously profitable for bankers , but it left the Baltics and much of Central Europe debt strapped and in negative equity by 2008 .
Neoliberals applaud their plunging wage levels and shrinking GDP as a success story , because these countries shifted the tax burden onto employment rather than property or finance .
Governments bailed out banks at taxpayer expense .
It is axiomatic that the solution to any major social problem tends to create even larger problems  not always unintended !
From the financial sector 's vantage point , the " solution " to the Eurozone crisis is to reverse the aims of the Progressive Era a century ago  what John Maynard Keynes gently termed " euthanasia of the rentier " in 1936 .
The idea was to subordinate the banking system to serve the economy rather than the other way around .
Instead , finance has become the new mode of warfare  less ostensibly bloody , but with the same objectives as the Viking invasions over a thousand years ago , and Europe 's subsequent colonial conquests :
appropriation of land and natural resources , infrastructure and whatever other assets can provide a revenue stream .
It was to capitalize and estimate such values , for instance , that William the Conqueror compiled the Domesday Book after 1066 , a model of ECB and IMF-style calculations today .
This appropriation of the economic surplus to pay bankers is turning the traditional values of most Europeans upside down .
Imposition of economic austerity , dismantling social spending , sell-offs of public assets , de-unionization of labor , falling wage levels , scaled-back pension plans and health care in countries subject to democratic rules requires convincing voters that there is no alternative .
It is claimed that without a profitable banking sector ( no matter how predatory ) the economy will break down as bank losses on bad loans and gambles pull down the payments system .
No regulatory agencies can help , no better tax policy , nothing except to turn over control to lobbyists to save banks from losing the financial claims they have built up .
What banks want is for the economic surplus to be paid out as interest , not used for rising living standards , public social spending or even for new capital investment .
Research and development takes too long .
Finance lives in the short run .
This short-termism is self-defeating , yet it is presented as science .
The alternative , voters are told , is the road to serfdom : interfering with the " free market " by financial regulation and even progressive taxation .
There is an alternative , of course .
It is what European civilization from the 13th-century Schoolmen through the Enlightenment and the flowering of classical political economy sought to create :
an economy free of unearned income , free of vested interests using special privileges for " rent extraction " .
At the hands of the neoliberals , by contrast , a free market is one free for a tax-favored rentier class to extract interest , economic rent and monopoly prices .
Rentier interests present their behavior as efficient " wealth creation " .
Business schools teach privatizers how to arrange bank loans and bond financing by pledging whatever they can charge for the public infrastructure services being sold by governments .
The idea is to pay this revenue to banks and bondholders as interest , and then make a capital gain by raising access fees for roads and ports , water and sewer usage and other basic services .
Governments are told that economies can be run more efficiently by dismantling public programs and selling off assets .
Never has the gap between pretended aim and actual effect been more hypocritical .
Making interest payments ( and even capital gains ) tax-exempt deprives governments of revenue from the user fees they are relinquishing , increasing their budget deficits .
And instead of promoting price stability ( the ECB 's ostensible priority , ) privatization increases prices for infrastructure , housing and other costs of living and doing business by building in interest charges and other financial overhead  and much higher salaries for management .
So it is merely a knee-jerk ideological claim that this policy is more efficient simply because privatizers do the borrowing rather than government .
There is no technological or economic need for Europe 's financial managers to impose depression on much of its population .
But there is a great opportunity to gain for the banks that have gained control of ECB economic policy .
Since the 1960s , balance-of-payments crises have provided opportunities for bankers and liquid investors to seize control of fiscal policy  to shift the tax burden onto labor and dismantle social spending in favor of subsidizing foreign investors and the financial sector .
They gain from austerity policies that lower living standards and scale back social spending .
A debt crisis enables the domestic financial elite and foreign bankers to indebt the rest of society , using their privilege of credit ( or savings built up as a result of less progressive tax policies ) as a lever to grab assets and reduce populations to a state of debt dependency .
The kind of warfare now engulfing Europe is thus more than just economic in scope .
It threatens to become a historic dividing line between the past half-century 's epoch of hope and technological potential to a new era of polarization as a financial oligarchy replaces democratic governments and reduces populations to debt peonage .
For so bold an asset and power grab to succeed , it needs a crisis to suspend the normal political and democratic legislative processes that would oppose it .
Political panic and anarchy create a vacuum into which grabbers can move quickly , using the rhetoric of financial deception and a junk economics to rationalize self-serving solutions by a false view of economic history  and in the case of today 's ECB , German history in particular .
A central bank that is blocked from acing like one Governments do not need to borrow from commercial bankers or other lenders .
Ever since the Bank of England was founded in 1694 , central banks have printed money to finance public spending .
Bankers also create credit freely  when they make a loan and credit the customer 's account , in exchange for a promissory note bearing interest .
Today , these banks can borrow reserves from the government central bank at a low annual interest rate ( 0.25% in the United States ) and lend it out at a higher rate .
So banks are glad to see the government 's central bank create credit to lend to them .
But when it comes to governments creating money to finance their budget deficits for spending in the rest of the economy , banks would prefer to have this market and its interest return for themselves .
European commercial banks are especially adamant that the European Central Bank should not finance government budget deficits .
But private credit creation is not necessarily less inflationary than governments monetizing their deficits ( simply by printing the money needed . )
Most commercial bank loans are made against real estate , stocks and bonds  providing credit that is used to bid up housing prices , and prices for financial securities ( as in loans for leveraged buyouts . )
It is mainly government that spends credit on the " real " economy , to the extent that public budget deficits employ labor or are spent on goods and services .
If governments avoid paying interest by having their central banks printing money on their own computer keyboards rather than borrowing from banks that do the same thing on their own keyboards .
( Abraham Lincoln simply printed currency when he financed the U.S. Civil War with " greenbacks ) " .
Banks would like to use their credit-creating privilege to obtain interest for lending to governments to finance public budget deficits .
So they have a self-interest in limiting the government 's " public option " to monetize its budget deficits .
To secure a monopoly on their credit-creating privilege , banks have mounted a vast character assassination on government spending , and indeed on government authority in general  which happens to be the only authority with sufficient power to control their power or provide an alternative public financial option , as Post Office savings banks do in Japan , Russia and other countries .
This competition between banks and government explains the false accusations made that government credit creation is more inflationary than when commercial banks do it .
The reality is made clear by comparing the ways in which the United States , Britain and Europe handle their public financing .
The U.S. Treasury is by far the world 's largest debtor , and its largest banks seem to be in negative equity , liable to their depositors and to other financial institutions for much larger sums that can be paid by their portfolio of loans , investments and assorted financial gambles .
Institutional investors are putting their money into U.S. Treasury bonds  so much that these bonds now yield less than 1% .
By contrast , a quarter of U.S. real estate is in negative equity , American states and cities are facing insolvency and must scale back spending .
Britain 's economy also is staggering , yet its government is paying just 2% interest .
But European governments are now paying over 7% . The reason for this disparity is that they lack a " public option " in money creation .
Having a Federal Reserve Bank or Bank of England that can print the money to pay interest or roll over existing debts is what makes the United States and Britain different from Europe .
Nobody expects these two nations to be forced to sell off their public lands and other assets to raise the money to pay ( although they may do this as a policy choice . )
Given that the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve can create new money , it follows that as long as government debts are denominated in dollars ,
they can print enough IOUs on their computer keyboards so that the only risk that holders of Treasury bonds bear is the dollar 's exchange rate vis--vis other currencies .
By contrast , the Eurozone has a central bank , but Article 123 of the Lisbon treaty forbids the ECB from doing what central banks were created to do :
create the money to finance government budget deficits or roll over their debt falling due .
The claim is that if a central bank creates credit , this threatens price stability .
Only government spending is deemed to be inflationary , not private credit !
The Clinton Administration balanced the U.S. Government budget in the late 1990s , yet the Bubble Economy was exploding .
On the other hand , the Federal Reserve and Treasury flooded the economy with $ 13trillion in credit to the banking system credit after September 2008 , and $ 800billion more last summer in the Federal Reserve 's Quantitative Easing program ( QE2 . )
Yet consumer and commodity prices are not rising .
Not even real estate or stock market prices are being bid up .
So the idea that more money will bid up prices ( MV=PT ) is not operating today .
Commercial banks create debt . That is their product .
 but today 's economy is suffering from debt deflation as personal income , business and tax revenue is diverted to pay debt service rather than to spend on goods or invest or hire labor .
This debt leveraging was used for more than a decade to bid up prices  making housing and buying a retirement income more expensive for Americans
Much more striking is the travesty of German history that is being repeated again and again , as if repetition somehow will stop people from remembering what actually happened in the 20th century .
To hear ECB officials tell the story ,
it would be reckless for a central bank to lend to government , because of the danger of hyperinflation .
Memories are conjured up of the Weimar inflation in Germany in the 1920s .
But upon examination , this turns out to be what psychiatrists call an implanted memory  a condition in which a patient is convinced that they have suffered a trauma that seems real , but which did not exist in reality .
What happened back in 1921 was not a case of governments borrowing from central banks to finance domestic spending such as social programs , pensions or health care as today .
Rather , Germany 's obligation to pay reparations led the Reichsbank to flood the foreign exchange markets with deutsche marks to obtain the currency to buy pounds sterling , French francs and other currency to pay the Allies  which used the money to pay their Inter-Ally arms debts to the United States .
The nation 's hyperinflation stemmed from its obligation to pay reparations in foreign currency .
No amount of domestic taxation could have raised the foreign exchange that was scheduled to be paid .
By the 1930s this was a well-understood phenomenon , explained by Keynes and others who analyzed the structural limits on the ability to pay foreign debt imposed without regard for the ability to pay out of current domestic-currency budgets .
From Salomon Flink 's The Reichsbank and Economic Germany ( 1931 ) to studies of the Chilean and other Third World hyperinflations , economists have found a common causality at work , based on the balance of payments .
Today 's " free marketers " writing in the Chicago monetarist tradition ( basically that of David Ricardo ) leaves the foreign and domestic debt dimensions out of account .
The statistical sequence and line of causation leads from balance-of-payments deficits to currency depreciation raising import costs , and from these price increases to the money supply , not the other way around .
It is as if " money " and " credit " are assets to be bartered against goods .
But a bank account or other form of credit means debt on the opposite side of the balance sheet .
One party 's debt is another party 's saving  and most savings today are lent out at interest , absorbing money from the non-financial sectors of the economy .
The discussion is stripped down to a simplistic relationship between the money supply and price level  and indeed , only consumer prices , not asset prices .
In their eagerness to oppose government spending  and indeed to dismantle government and replace it with financial planners  neoliberal monetarists neglect the debt burden being imposed today from Latvia and Iceland to Ireland and Greece , Italy , Spain and Portugal .
If the euro breaks up , it is because of the obligation of governments to pay bankers in money that must be borrowed rather than created through their own central bank .
Unlike the United States and Britain which can create central bank credit on their own computer keyboards to keep their economy from shrinking or becoming insolvent , the German constitution and the Lisbon Treaty prevent the central bank from doing this .
The effect is to oblige governments to borrow from commercial banks at interest .
This gives bankers the ability to create a crisis  threatening to drive economies out of the Eurozone if they do not submit to " conditionalities " being imposed in what is quickly becoming a new class war of finance against labor .
Disabling Europe 's central bank to deprive governments of the power to create money . One of the three defining characteristics of a nation-state is the power to create money .
A second characteristic is the power to levy taxes .
Both of these powers are being transferred out of the hands of democratically elected representatives to the financial sector , as a result of tying the hands of government .
The third characteristic of a nation-state is the power to declare war .
What is happening today is the equivalent of warfare  but against the power of government !
It is above all a financial mode of warfare  and the aims of this financial appropriation are the same as those of military conquest :
first , the land and subsoil riches on which to charge rents as tribute ;
second , public infrastructure to extract rent as access fees ;
and third , any other enterprises or assets in the public domain .
This is not new , to be sure .
We have seen the IMF and World Bank impose austerity on Latin American dictatorships , African military chiefdoms and other client oligarchies from the 1960s through the 1980s .
Ireland and Greece , Spain and Portugal are now to be subjected to similar asset stripping as public policy making is shifted into the hands of supra-governmental financial agencies acting on behalf of bankers  and thereby for the top 1% of the population .
When debts can not be paid or rolled over , foreclosure time arrives .
For governments , this means privatization selloffs to pay creditors .
In addition to being a property grab ,
privatization aims at replacing public sector labor with a non-union work force having fewer pension rights , health care or voice in working conditions .
The old class war is thus back in business  with a financial twist .
By shrinking the economy , debt deflation helps break the power of labor to resist .
It also gives creditors control of fiscal policy .
In the absence of a pan-European Parliament empowered to set tax rules , fiscal policy passes to the ECB .
Acting on behalf of banks , the ECB seems to favor reversing the 20th century 's drive for progressive taxation .
And as U.S. financial lobbyists have made clear , the creditor demand is for governments to re-classify public social obligations as " user fees " , to be financed by wage withholding turned over to banks to manage ( or mismanage , as the case may be . )
Shifting the tax burden off real estate and finance onto labor and the " real " economy thus threatens to become a fiscal grab coming on top of the privatization grab .
This is self-destructive short-termism .
The irony is that the PIIGS budget deficits stem largely from un-taxing property , and a further tax shift will worsen rather than help stabilize government budgets .
But bankers are looking only at what they can take in the short run .
They know that whatever revenue the tax collector relinquishes from real estate and business is " free " for buyers to pledge to the banks as interest .
So Greece and other oligarchic economies are told to " pay their way " by slashing government social spending ( but not military spending for the purchase of German and French arms ) and shifting taxes onto labor and industry , and onto consumers in the form of higher user fees for public services not yet privatized .
In Britain , Prime Minister Cameron claims that scaling back government even more along Thatcherite-Blairite lines will leave more labor and resources available for private business to hire .
Fiscal cutbacks will indeed throw labor out of work , or at least oblige it to find lower-paid jobs with fewer rights .
But cutting back public spending will shrink the business sector as well , worsening the fiscal and debt problems by pushing economies deeper into recession .
If governments cut back their spending to reduce the size of their budget deficits  or if they raise taxes on the economy at large , to run a surplus  then these surpluses will suck money out of the economy , leaving less to be spent on goods and services .
The result can only be unemployment , further debt defaults and bankruptcies .
We may look to Iceland and Latvia as canaries in this financial coalmine .
Their recent experience shows that debt deflation leads to emigration , shortening life spans , lower birth rates , marriages and family formation  but provides great opportunities for vulture funds to suck wealth upward to the top of the financial pyramid .
Today 's economic crisis is a matter of policy choice , not necessity .
As President Obama 's chief of staff Rahm Emanuel quipped :
" A crisis is too good an opportunity to let go to waste " .
In such cases the most logical explanation is that some special interest must be benefiting .
Depressions increase unemployment , helping to break the power of unionized as well as non-union labor .
The United States is seeing a state and local budget squeeze ( as bankruptcies begin to be announced , ) with the first cutbacks coming in the sphere of pension defaults .
High finance is being paid  by not paying the working population for savings and promises made as part of labor contracts and employee retirement plans .
Big fish are eating little fish .
This seems to be the financial sector 's idea of good economic planning .
But it is worse than a zero-sum plan , in which one party 's gain is another 's loss .
Economies as a whole will shrink  and change their shape , polarizing between creditors and debtors .
Economic democracy will give way to financial oligarchy , reversing the trend of the past few centuries .
Is Europe really ready to take this step ?
Do its voters recognize that stripping the government of the public option of money creation will hand the privilege over to banks as a monopoly ?
How many observers have traced the almost inevitable result :
shifting economic planning and credit allocation to the banks ?
Even if governments provide a " public option " , creating their own money to finance their budget deficits and supplying the economy with productive credit to rebuild infrastructure , a serious problem remains :
how to dispose of the existing debt overhead now acts as a deadweight on the economy .
Bankers and the politicians they back are refusing to write down debts to reflect the ability to pay .
Lawmakers have not prepared society with a legal procedure for debt write-downs  except for New York State 's Fraudulent Conveyance Law , calling for debts to be annulled if lenders made loans without first assuring themselves of the debtor 's ability to pay .
Bankers do not want to take responsibility for bad loans .
This poses the financial problem of just what policy-makers should do when banks have been so irresponsible in allocating credit .
But somebody has to take a loss .
Should it be society at large , or the bankers ?
It is not a problem that bankers are prepared to solve .
They want to turn the problem over to governments  and define the problem as how governments can " make them whole " .
What they call a " solution " to the bad-debt problem is for the government to give them good bonds for bad loans ( " cash for trash " )  to be paid in full by taxpayers .
Having engineered an enormous increase in wealth for themselves , bankers now want to take the money and run  leaving economies debt ridden .
The revenue that debtors cannot pay will now be spread over the entire economy to pay  vastly increasing everyone 's cost of living and doing business .
Why should they be " made whole " , at the cost of shrinking the rest of the economy ?
The bankers ' answer is that debts are owed to labor 's pension funds , to consumers with bank deposits , and the whole system will come crashing down if governments miss a bond payment .
When pressed , bankers admit that they have taken out risk insurance  collateralized debt obligations and other risk swaps .
But the insurers are largely U.S. banks , and the American Government is pressuring Europe not to default and thereby hurt the U.S. banking system .
So the debt tangle has become politicized internationally .
So for bankers , the line of least resistance is to foster an illusion that there is no need for them to accept defaults on the unpayably high debts they have encouraged .
Creditors always insist that the debt overhead can be maintained  if governments simply will reduce other expenditures , while raising taxes on individuals and non-financial business .
The reason why this won't work is that trying to collect today 's magnitude of debt will injure the underlying " real " economy , making it even less able to pay its debts .
What started as a financial problem ( bad debts ) will now be turned into a fiscal problem ( bad taxes . )
Both costs must be reflected in product prices .
Taxes are a cost of doing business just as paying debt service is a cost .
When taxpayers are saddled with taxes and debts , they have less revenue free to spend on consumption .
So markets shrink , putting further pressure on the profitability of domestic enterprises .
The combination makes any country following such policy a high-cost producer and hence less competitive in global markets .
This kind of financial planning  and its parallel fiscal tax shift  leads toward de-industrialization .
Creating ECB or IMF inter-government fiat money leaves the debts in place , while preserving wealth and economic control in the hands of the financial sector .
Banks can receive debt payments on overly mortgaged properties only if debtors are relieved of some real estate taxes .
Debt-strapped industrial companies can pay their debts only by scaling back pension obligations , health care and wages to their employees  or tax payments to the government .
In practice , " honoring debts " turns out to mean debt deflation and general economic shrinkage .
But to leave tax policy and centralized planning in the hands of bankers turns out to be the opposite of what the past few centuries of free market economics have been all about .
The classical objective was to minimize the debt overhead , to tax land and natural resource rents , and to keep monopoly prices in line with actual costs of production ( " value " . )
Will it be the past few centuries of liberal free-market economic philosophy , relinquishing planning the economic surplus to bankers ?
Or will society re-assert classical economic philosophy and Progressive Era principles , and re-assert social shaping of financial markets to promote long-term growth with minimum costs of living and doing business ?
At least in the most badly indebted countries , European voters are waking up to an oligarchic coup in which taxation and government budgetary planning and control is passing into the hands of executives nominated by the international bankers ' cartel .
This result is the opposite of what the past few centuries of free market economics has been all about .
By analyzing cores drilled out of reefs , scientists suggest that rising ocean temperatures pose more of a threat to coral than ocean acidification .
One of the biggest natural tragedies of recent years is the deterioration of Australia 's Great Barrier Reef , a vast structure of coral off the continent 's east coast that supports a profusion of wildlife .
In addition to overfishing and nutrient pollution , the world 's largest natural structure has suffered from rising ocean temperatures .
But , perhaps less well-known , Australia 's west coast has some massive reefs of its own , offshore in the southeastern Indian Ocean .
Massive stony corals of the genus Porites swell to the surface , and new research published February 2 in Science suggests those located in the colder waters farthest south are growing better than ever  thanks to warming ocean temperatures .
" Where we see strong warming , there is a marked response " , says marine scientist Timothy Cooper of the Australian Institute of Marine Science .
" To date , it is the changes in temperature that are having the dominant impact on coral growth as evidenced by the increasing calcification rates at our southernmost locations " .
The findings suggest that temperature changes play a bigger role , at least in the near term , in the fate of corals than any ocean acidification  where rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are absorbed into seawater , rendering it more acidic .
Corals  microscopic polyps  build reefs by pulling calcium from the surrounding water and using it to create tiny shell-like homes for themselves , which can accumulate over centuries into massive structures .
This process , known as calcification , is sensitive to temperature and acidity , both of which can hinder growth .
In addition , the corals themselves are sensitive to temperature , and temperatures that are too warm can lead to so-called coral bleaching events that can kill a reef .
Cooper and his colleagues drilled into reefs of Porites at six locations spanning roughly 1,000 kilometers from north to south off Australia 's west coast .
They extracted 27 core samples .
Each one revealed a record of the annual density of the calcium-based homes of the Porites coral .
By comparing the coral 's annual rate of calcification to the average density from 1900 to 2010 , Cooper and his colleagues revealed when and where any unusual changes occurred .
Then the researchers compared that record to the data on monthly sea-surface temperatures to try to understand whether temperature had an impact and , if so , what it was .
They found that those Porites at the southern end of Australia 's west coast have been growing thicker and thicker homes in recent decades as the colder ocean water warms .
Farther north , the reverse is true :
Porites in already warm subtropical and tropical waters suffer as the ocean heats too much .
" Where there has been little warming , there has been little change in calcification " , Cooper says .
" To date , it is the changes in temperature that are having the dominant impact on coral growth as evidenced by the increasing calcification rates at our southernmost locations " .
The cores suggest that the increasing acidification of the ocean has had , so far , less impact on coral than temperature has had .
Eventually , however , acidification is expected to take a toll on coral growth  water temperature notwithstanding .
" Ocean acidification will increasingly become another limiting factor for growth of tropical coral reefs , " Cooper suggests .
Why Do People Yawn ?
Could yawning be all about cooling down the brain ?
Err , do n't people yawn because they 're bored and/or tired ?
Yes , it's true people do yawn more at bedtime or after they 've woken up and they do yawn when they 're bored ( people even yawn in their sleep . )
But yawning is n't that simple .
If it was , how could you explain that some paratroopers yawn before their first jump , as do some violinists before they go on stage and Olympic athletes before their event .
These are hardly situations in which people are likely to be bored .
Many people believe that yawning gets more oxygen into the body or expels more carbon dioxide .
But this is not true .
The theory is now thought to be seriously flawed , if not plain wrong .
The truth is no one really knows the real root cause of a yawn .
Some good guesses have been made , though , and it 's likely that some combination of them is true .
First let 's look at the physiological , before we get onto the psychological .
Hot brain My favourite physiological reason for yawning is that it might help cool the brain down ( Gallup &amp; Gallup , 2007 ) .
Our brains work best within a narrow temperature range and yawning increases blood flow to the brain which acts like a radiator to move heat away from it .
Oddly this may help explain the paratroopers jumping out of a plane .
When you 're about to do something stressful you need your wits about you so yawning may help put your brain into tip-top working order .
Yawning may also partly be about stretching muscles since yawning sets off the urge to stretch .
After stretching we 're ready to act , say by running away from a predator .
Social yawning
It's well-known that yawns are contagious .
Just by reading about them here , you 're more likely to start yawning .
In fact I can feel a yawn coming on now .
Yawns are more contagious between members of the same family , followed by friends , acquaintances and lately strangers ( Norsica et al , . 2011 ) .
But not everyone is susceptible to the yawn contagion .
People who are particular empathic seem sensitive to other people yawning .
So test a friend 's empathic ability by yawning to see if they follow suit ( Platek et al , . 2003 ) .
So , why is yawning contagious in the first place ?
It could just be that we copy each other 's yawning for the same reason we copy other aspects of their body language :
to fit in and be liked ( see : The Chameleon Effect ) .
But it could also be that the yawn is a social signal to stay alert even though things are boring at the moment .
The yawn might help to increase alertness and so keep our hunter-gatherer forebears alive for a little longer .
Or finally it could just be a way of signalling to others that we 're relaxed in stressful situations .
Despite being about to jump out of an aeroplane at 5,000 feet , give a virtuoso performance to a packed concert hall or win Olympic gold , frankly we 're just not that bothered .
How to stop an attack of the yawns Finally , how might you combat a monster attack of the yawns ?
Neither patients were regularly tired or were having problems with their sleep .
A couple of clues come from a case study of two patients suffering from chronic attacks of yawning ( Gallup &amp; Gallup , 2010 ) .
They both found that applying a cold cloth to their foreheads or nasal breathing stopped their symptoms .
They both had problems regulating their body temperature so the hot brain theory of yawning might have something to it .
Image credit :
Designed as a permanent show gallery and tourist information center for China 's largest developer Vanke ,
MOD 's dramatic design for the TRIPLE V GALLERY has become an icon along the Dong Jiang Bay coastline .
Despite its obvious sculptural qualities , the building 's DNA evolved rationally from a careful analysis of key contextual &amp; programmatic perimeters  resulting in the TRIPLE V GALLERY 'S triangulated floor plan as well as the 3 soaring edges that have come to define its form .
The client 's program called for 3 main spaces :
a tourist information center , a show gallery &amp; a lounge for discussion .
Requiring their own entrances , the tourist center and the show gallery are orientated to separate existing pedestrian pathways and can be operated independently .
An extension of the show gallery , the lounge area is where discussions are conducted .
This space takes advantage of the panoramic views of the coastline and comprises a sculptural bar counter .
Tectonically , the building responds to the coastal setting and is finished in weather-sensitive corten steel panels on its exterior and timber strips on the interior walls and ceiling for a more natural feel .
A leaked German proposal to appoint a euro-zone commissioner with the power to veto Greek budgets cast a shadow over a summit of European Union leaders in Brussels .
Drama at the meeting itself was mercifully lacking , with the heads of government of all members bar Britain and the Czech Republic agreeing to sign up to a German-backed fiscal treaty .
In a televised interview Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's president , suggested that France needed German-style labour reforms to restore its competitiveness .
He pledged to reduce the cost of employment and give employers greater flexibility to negotiate working hours with their staff .
In the latest in a series of newspaper articles , Vladimir Putin , Russia 's prime minister and probable next president , said the Russian economy must diversify away from its dependence on natural resources and towards high-tech products ,
but he insisted that the change should be led by state-run firms . Mr Putin said little about corruption , the biggest drag on Russian prosperity .
Vowing to appeal , Mr Nastase said he was the victim of a politicised judiciary .
A court in Bucharest handed Adrian Nastase , Romania 's prime minister from 2000 to 2004 , a two-year prison sentence for corruption .
Tried and tested Mitt Romney won the Republican presidential primary in Florida by a wide margin , taking 46% of the vote to Newt Gingrich 's 32% .
The party establishment had rallied to Mr Romney 's campaign in the week before the vote to halt the Gingrich insurgency that arose in South Carolina .
Mr Romney 's victory goes some way to restoring his status as the party 's " inevitable " candidate ,
but its populist wing may still try to trip up the Romney machine in the forthcoming primary contests .
The day after Mr Romney 's victory Barack Obama unveiled a new proposal to help homeowners refinance their mortgages .
Home foreclosures had been an issue in the Florida primary .
The proposal is a sign that the campaign for November 's general election will soon get under way .
The ugly game
The Egyptian cabinet called an emergency meeting after 74 people were killed and hundreds more injured in clashes between spectators from rival teams at a football match in the Egyptian city of Port Said . There was also violence at a game in Cairo .
The police came under sharp criticism for failing to stop the trouble .
After a spike in violence , the Arab League suspended an observer mission to Syria that was meant to aid a peaceful end to a deepening ten-month conflict between the government and protesters .
Iraq 's main Sunni party returned to parliament and will resume talks with Shia leaders , following a protest over an arrest warrant for the country 's Sunni vice-president .
The Iranian parliament threatened to halt oil sales to Europe , in an attempt to pre-empt the implementation of new EU sanctions aimed at forcing Iran to open its nuclear programme to scrutiny .
Playing it safe Dilma Rousseff , Brazil 's president , travelled to Cuba and met Ral Castro , the Cuban president , and Fidel Castro , his brother and predecessor .
Her visit focused on trade and investment , and she did not meet any dissidents .
A judge in Haiti ruled that Jean-Claude Duvalier , a former dictator , should stand trial on corruption charges , but not for human-rights abuses .
NGOs seeking justice for the dictatorship's crimes sharply criticised the decision .
Getting ready to depart Leon Panetta , America 's defence secretary , said NATO forces in Afghanistan would withdraw from combat missions soon after mid-2013 , up to 18 months earlier than had been previously planned for Afghan troops to take full responsibility for the security of the country .
Pakistan 's intelligence agencies are continuing to help the Taliban , according to a leaked NATO report .
Based on interviews with 4,000 captured Taliban fighters , the document says that Pakistan knows where senior Taliban leaders are hiding .
Pakistan 's foreign minister rubbished the report .
Pakistan 's Supreme Court said it was preparing to charge Yousaf Raza Gilani , the prime minister , with contempt for refusing to reopen a corruption case against President Asif Ali Zardari .
Mr Gilani insists the president has immunity .
The International Atomic Energy Agency voiced support for Japan 's plan to restart some of the nuclear reactors that have been shut down since last year 's meltdown at Fukushima .
Japan has been conducting stress tests to gauge the safety of the reactors , but public support for restarting them has been scant .
Just three of Japan 's 54 reactors are operating at the moment .
Indians started voting in state elections .
Turnout was high in Manipur , Punjab and Uttarakhand ;
campaigning is well under way in two other states about to go to the polls , including Uttar Pradesh , India 's most populous state .
The state elections are seen as a test of public opinion ahead of a general election , expected in 2014 .
Aboriginal protesters set fire to an Australian flag outside the national Parliament in Canberra .
This came a day after a group of aborigines and their supporters blocked the departure from a restaurant of the prime minister , Julia Gillard .
Ms Gillard had to be shielded from the group as she was hurriedly escorted out of the building by security officers and bundled into a waiting car .
Bedouin tribesmen released 25 Chinese workers they had kidnapped in Egypt 's Sinai region , after the Egyptian government agreed to retry relatives of the tribesmen who have been imprisoned for a bomb attack in 2004 .
Earlier , 29 Chinese workers were seized by a group in Sudan .
As Chinese firms expand globally , the security of their employees is causing concern in China .
Wukan , a coastal village in China 's Guangdong province , began the process of electing their own local leaders .
The villagers had led huge protests against corruption and a death in custody .
In a surprise decision , limited to Wukan only , the provincial government allowed residents to hold an election .
Two women wearing the traditional Muslim hair covering walked through the park deep in conversation ,
while a pair of middle-age Israeli men hunched over what seemed a serious game of dominoes .
An Orthodox Jew in a pinstriped robe and fur hat strolled by , trying to keep his five children in tow .
" People say Tel Aviv is a bubble  an anomaly  within Israel " , said Judy 's husband , Amit Schejter , a Tel Aviv native , along for the ride with me and my husband and our families .
" You do n't have the tension between religious and secular Jews that you feel in Jerusalem , and the political tension is less palpable " .
Not that there were n't reminders of the Mideast conflict .
Just before the park , we had passed the Dolphinarium discothque , where a suicide bomber had blown himself up on a Saturday night in 2001 .
A small monument out front lists the names of the victims in Russian , since most were immigrants from the former Soviet Union .
All in all , 21 people were killed , almost all of them teenagers .
WE had learned something from our little misadventure in the Jaffa market :
if there 's no place for your elbows , there 's no place for your bike , and it will probably be safer  and less stressful  to get off and walk .
So when we hit the narrow , winding streets of Neve Tzedek , a cramped neighborhood that was one of the first Jewish areas settled outside the Jaffa walls ,
we walked our bikes and got back on them only 20 minutes later , when we reached the modern city center , with its graceful colonial-era boulevards divided by islands with broad tree-lined sidewalk lanes .
Here the riding was smooth and easy .
The tree cover shaded us from the sun , and we had plenty of room , so we were able to move at a nice clip and still keep the kids in our sight .
We cycled past the historic building where Israel declared independence in 1948 , and stopped for a moment of reflection at the memorial for Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin , who was assassinated in 1995 , after a peace rally .
By the time we reached the arts and crafts fair on Nachlat Binyamin Street , the crowds were dissipating ,
and we were able to walk our bikes down the stone-paved streets , examining Ethiopian pottery , stained-glass mezuzas , pomegranate-shaped earrings ( a symbol of fertility , ) Jewish star and Chai necklaces and my favorite good luck charm , hamsa hands , made of clay , glass , wood and almost every other conceivable material .
I stopped to look at Mosh Shternberg 's silver work and bought a spiral-shaped ring that wraps around my ring finger , for the equivalent then of about $ 37 .
At a little restaurant called Paamayim , we tasted the shakshuka , a Middle Eastern delicacy that involves frying an egg in spicy tomato sauce .
When we got to Shouk Hacarmel , a bustling outdoor food market , we stowed our bikes and fought the crowds to bargain for T-shirts with the Coca-Cola logo in Hebrew script .
We purchased spicy olives and a kilo of apricots and tasted fresh-squeezed pomegranate juice for the first time .
It would be our last chance to get some exercise before the 11-hour flight back home .
Then we headed back to our hotel , where we started to plan the next day 's ride .
THE SIDEWALK Bicyclists in Tel Aviv are strictly forbidden from riding in the traffic on the street and must share the sidewalks with pedestrians .
The system works pretty well along the city 's major arteries , broad boulevards graced with either double-wide sidewalks or broad shaded islands that run down the middle of the road , with white lines clearly delineating the separate biking and walking lanes and arrows indicating the traffic flow .
you may want to see Jaffa on foot .
Helmets are required but few people wear them
( and it may be hard to find one that fits , so consider packing one in your suitcase . )
Israeli bicyclists have elevated multitasking to an art , so watch out for bikers toting their surfboards to the beach , a cellphone or espresso ( or both ) in one hand .
Look out for pedestrians ;
they 're fearless and walk anywhere they like .
And be aware that it can get quite hot at midday ;
be sure to have plenty of water .
There are dozens of bike rental stores in Tel Aviv .
We did well at Cycle ( 147 Ben Yehuda Street ; 972-3-5293037 ; cycle.co.il , ) which is just a few blocks from the beachfront hotels . Rentals are 60 shekels a day , or about $ 16 at 3.7 shekels to the dollar .
You 've heard of smart cars  cars that are packed with sensors and computers and cameras to make driving easier  and now , rolling out in San Francisco , is a smart parking system that promises to almost eliminate the arduous process of finding a parking spot .
SFpark is a network of magnetic sensors ( pictured below ) that have been installed under 8,200 street parking spaces , along with additional information from parking garages and parking meters .
These sensors are all linked together in a mesh network , and ultimately link back to a central command center .
Drivers can access this parking data via the SFpark website or smartphone app , and see in real-time where parking spaces are available .
According to Technology Review , as many as a third of cars on the road in urban areas are circling the block to find a parking spot .
This obviously slows down other cars on the road , leads to huge amounts of unnecessary pollution , and more accidents .
" Circling drivers are distracted drivers " , says Jay Primus , who manages SFpark .
" They 're much more likely to hit pedestrians , bicyclists , and other cars ,
and as they search for parking spots , making frequent turns and making frequent stops , they can cause unpredictable delays to the transit system " .
Sensor-based smart parking systems , then , could herald a huge advance for car-based transportation systems .
Over in Los Angeles , which is also building a smart parking system , researchers found that a single neighborhood of 15 blocks clocked up an additional 350,000 miles every year by spending three minutes looking for a parking spot .
The problem in LA is different from San Francisco : In LA , there are plenty of spare spaces , but because of sprawl and the size of the blocks , there 's a risk of having to drive a long distance to find a spot .
These sensor networks will allow you to push a button on your smartphone and be directed to the closest spot .
Of course , smart parking systems are also a boon for the police :
They can tell exactly how long a car has been in a spot , and thus warn parking officers if a car needs a ticket .
On the flip side , though , smartphone apps could allow you to add time to the meter while you 're still in the office .
Also working in favor of the consumer , smart parking systems can allow for a range of prices , depending on the desirability of a parking spot .
In 2011 , the S.&amp;P. 500 finished the year where it started .
( To be precise , it fell 0.003 percent ) .
But it was anything but a placid year in the stock market .
Instead , there was extraordinary tumult throughout 2011 , with a series of sharp rallies and brutal selloffs , the biggest of which sent the market down seventeen percent in a couple of weeks .
Even on a daily basis , stocks were startlingly volatile :
the Dow Jones Industrial Average moved more than a hundred points on forty percent of trading days ,
and there were more than sixty days on which the S.&amp;P. index moved about two percent or more
( which in 2005 , for example , it did n't do once . )
Ordinary investors , who have watched the value of their 401(k)s yo-yo seemingly at random , have been left feeling understandably dazed and confused as they head into the new year .
Traders and professional money managers do n't seem to have any real clue about what 's going to happen , either .
You might think that volatility would allow people with superior information and market sense to get ahead .
But last year money managers did a very poor job of playing the market .
According to estimates made by Goldman Sachs , as of the last week in December seventy-two percent of core large-cap mutual funds had underperformed their market indexes .
The average stock-market mutual fund was down almost three percent for the year .
And hedge-fund managers , who are supposed to thrive on volatility , did even worse , with hedge funds that focus on stocks falling more than seven percent .
Strikingly , some of the biggest flops came from superstars :
Bruce Berkowitz , whom Morningstar named one of the money managers of the past decade , saw his flagship fund fall more than thirty percent ;
the hedge-fund manager John Paulson , whose bet against mortgage-backed securities a few years ago has been called " the greatest trade ever " , saw one of his funds drop nearly fifty percent .
To make matters worse , the raw numbers for 2011 probably understate how badly ordinary investors fared , because they do n't account for our tendency to chase performance .
As myriad studies have shown , investors often put their money into funds that have enjoyed recent success and take it out of funds that have been struggling .
This seems logical , but , since most of a money manager 's performance , particularly in the short term , is the result of luck rather than of skill , this means that people often end up in funds that are about to go cold and leave ones that are about to do better .
One study that looked at investor returns between 1991 and 2004 found that trading in and out of funds cost investors in actively managed mutual funds 1.7 percent annually ,
and a Phoenix Investment Partners study that looked at rolling returns between 1990 and 2000 found that buying high and selling low cost investors twenty percent of their returns over the decade .
Hedge-fund investors , though supposedly more sophisticated than your average Joe , pay a similar price for chasing performance .
Investing in actively managed mutual funds or in hedge funds already reduces the chances of beating the market , since , according to Vanguard , over the past decade more than sixty percent of actively managed mutual funds underperformed the S.&amp;P. , while hedge funds have trailed the market since 2003 .
But the search for the hot hand takes a bad situation and makes it worse .
The sensible solution would be for investors to put their money into low-cost index funds and just keep it there .
But that 's hard to do when the market is extremely volatile .
Most of us find it difficult enough in normal times to take a long-term approach .
So when prices are rising and falling two percent a day , and when it seems like getting in or out of the market could be worth ten percent of our portfolio 's value , the temptation to try to time the market is hard to resist .
( The way the financial media covers the stock market  with each rise and fall treated as a major event  only exacerbates this problem ) .
Unfortunately , the same psychological forces that make investors bad at rating money managers also make them bad at market timing :
all else being equal , they 're prone to sell at the bottom and buy at the top .
And , the bigger and more dramatic the swings in the market , the more likely we are to make the wrong decision .
In other words , while crazy volatility may be great for traders ( who live for the chance to make two percent a day , ) it 's lousy for the rest of us , and for the economy as a whole .
It is n't just that volatility costs ordinary investors money .
It also makes them more likely to give up on the stock market entirely :
over the past three years , investors have pulled almost two hundred and fifty billion dollars out of equity funds , even though stock prices have almost doubled since the lowest point of the crash .
And , while some of that money has gone into exchange-traded funds , most of it has just left the market .
This flight from stocks is probably not a good thing for people 's retirement accounts  after all , in a capitalist country owning some capital is usually a smart way to make money .
But it may well be a good thing for investors ' psychological well-being .
In effect , they 've decided that , in a market as volatile as this one , the only way to win the game is simply not to play .
Green Tea have been receiving a lot of attention lately because of its health benefits .
Find out 11 reasons why you should drink it :
The Chinese Lantern Festival takes place on the 15th day of the Lunar New Year .
As they mark the end of the Spring Festival , celebrants create colorful lanterns , set off fireworks , and hold parades .
In one village , residents hurl molten metal against a wall to create an impressive display of sparks in a 300-year-old tradition .
Gathered below are some vibrant images from this year 's Chinese Lantern Festival .
1 . A blacksmith throws molten metal against a cold wall to create sparks , as he and others celebrate the Lantern Festival which traditionally marks the end of the Lunar New Year celebrations , in Nuanquan , Hebei province , China , on February 6 , 2012 .
For over 300 years , the village , which is famous for its blacksmith skills , has maintained the tradition which they consider a cheaper alternative to buying fireworks during the Lantern Festival .
( Mark Ralston / AFP / Getty Images ) 2 Visitors view ice sculptures at Yanqing Ice Festival also for the Chinese Lantern Festival on February 6 , 2012 in Beijing , China .
The Lantern Festival also known as the Yuanxiao Festival or Shangyuan Festival in China .
3 Tourists visit Confucius Temple to celebrate the Lantern Festival in Nanjing , in eastern China 's Jiangsu province , on February 6 , 2012 .
( AP Photo ) 4 Wearing protective helmets and hoping to be hit , thousands of devotees stand in the Yanshui Beehive Fireworks Festival in Yanshui , southern Taiwan .
Marking the end of the Chinese Lantern Festival , the Yenshui Beehive Fireworks Festival originates from the late 19th century when villagers suffering from serious cholera epidemics used fireworks to ward off evil spirits they believed brought on the sickness .
5 Villagers perform the annual " dragon march " to celebrate the Lantern Festival in Gutian township , Fujian province , China .
According to local media , the traditional march , usually performed during Lantern Festival , has a history of more than 200 years .
The marching dragon , made of paper and bamboo and connected by wood planks , set the new Guinness World Records of the longest parade float at 791.5 m .
( Reuters / Stringer ) 6 Lanterns on display for the Chinese Lantern Festival in Beijing , China .
7 Models in traditional outfits stroll through Yuyuan Garden to celebrate the Lantern Festival at the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations .
8 Hundreds of Taiwanese release " sky lanterns " in hopes of good fortune and prosperity in the new year and to celebrate the upcoming traditional Chinese Lantern Festival on January 28 , 2012 , in the Pingxi district of New Taipei City , Taiwan .
9 People launch sky lanterns to celebrate the Lantern Festival in Liuzhou , Guangxi Province , China .
10 Hundreds of Taiwanese release sky lanternsin New Taipei City , Taiwan .
11 A dragon dance is performed amid fireworks during a Lantern Festival celebration in Chongqing municipality .
12 A woman reacts in an area decorated with lanterns ahead of the Lantern Festival at YuYuan Garden in downtown Shanghai , on February 5 , 2012 .
13 Fireworks explode in the sky to celebrate the Lantern Festival in Huizhou , Guangdong Province , China .
14 Chinese people visit a Dragon sculpture during the Lantern Festival .
15 People visit a lantern show at the end of the Lunar New Year celebrations .
16 Tourists walk through an alley decorated with red lanterns for the Lantern Festival in Beijing .
17 Worshippers throw firecrackers at a shirtless man acting as Master Handan during the Handan ritual as part of the Chinese Lantern Festival celebrations or " Yuan Hsiao Jie " in Taitung , eastern Taiwan .
According to some cultural historians , Master Handan is a god of wealth who is afraid of the cold and throwing firecrackers at him can drive the chill away from his body .
During the procession , the more firecrackers onlookers set off , the more successful and wealthy they will become .
18 Villagers perform a dragon dance to pray for good luck and celebrate the upcoming Chinese Lantern Festival in Taizhou , Zhejiang province , on February 1 , 2012 .
The traditional dragon is constructed of bamboo and paper for the festival .
( Reuters / China Daily ) 19 Chinese folk artists perform a dragon dance as sparks fly from fireworks to celebrate the Lantern Festival , in Taijiang County , Guizhou Province , China .
20 A man holds his daughter as they walk in an area decorated with lanterns in Yu Yuan Garden in downtown Shanghai , on February 5 , 2012 .
21 A blacksmith flings a ladle full of molten metal against a wall to create sparks , as he and others celebrate the Lantern Festival in Nuanquan , Hebei province , China .
For over 300 years , the village has maintained the tradition which they consider a cheaper alternative to buying fireworks during the Lantern Festival .
22 Wearing some protective clothing , blacksmiths wait their turn to throw molten metal against a cold wall to create a display of sparks for the Lantern Festival in Nuanquan , China .
23 Men carry a crucible filled with molten metal toward a blacksmith who is hurling it against a nearby stone wall , part of the Lantern Festival celebrations .
24 Blacksmiths prepare molten metal for throwing against a huge stone wall .
25 A blacksmith uses a ladle to fling molten metal against a stone wall during the Lantern Festival .
26 A shower of sparks falls around a blacksmith as he throws molten metal against a stone wall during the Lantern Festival in Nuanquan .
27 This photo taken on February 6 , 2012 shows spectators silhouetted as they watch a dragon dance .
28 A blacksmith , ladle full of molten metal in hand , prepares to fling it against a cold wall to create more sparks .
29 Blacksmiths prepare more molten metal to be thrown against a stone wall in a centuries-old traditional celebration of the Lantern Festival in Nuanquan .
There is an old truism in the sales profession -- people buy from people they like .
The same goes for brands .
Being " liked " is certainly not the only reason people buy your product or service , but it 's the foundation of a strong and lasting relationship and something that needs to be nurtured and developed .
There are certain times when a brand should be " selling " , and there are other times a brand should be building that deeper emotional bond -- something I call brand endearment .
The Super Bowl is certainly one of those times .
Super Bowl advertisements have become their own form of entertainment , and as such play by a completely different set of rules .
Ads should n't be in hard sales mode , they should be trying to build greater brand endearment .
As the world quiets down to actually watch a Super Bowl commercial , they are expecting to be entertained , moved , inspired , or made to howl .
Beware to advertisers who do n't understand these rules -- they 'll wake up Monday morning with a multi-million-dollar case of buyer 's remorse .
Many think Super Bowl advertising is a waste of time and money .
I disagree .
For big brands it 's a unique weapon in the marketer 's arsenal .
Unlike normal TV advertising ( which many people despise , ) people are actually excited about watching Super Bowl ads .
It 's part of the Super Bowl ritual .
We rank them , debate them , post them , share them , re-watch them , pre-watch them , and sometimes claim they are more entertaining than the game itself .
People want to watch the advertising . That never happens when someone tunes in to Modern Family .
So what makes for a great Super Bowl ad ?
In my opinion it is an ad that creates the deepest emotional connection possible , which leads to engendering your brand with an endearing quality .
Why do you think kids and dogs show up in so many ads
-- it 's the cheapest trick to creating an endearing moment .
Back to my sales analogy , if you take your client to a Super Bowl , you will have an amazing shared experience .
You will talk about the crazy pre-parties , and the wild halftime show , you will analyze the game in ridiculous detail , but you won't talk about work .
You 're not there to pitch your product , you are there to build a relationship .
Your TV spot should be doing the same thing .
Spots that focus on building deep brand endearment can use that equity and goodwill throughout out the year .
It will make all of your subsequent selling moments more effective .
People find ways to justify buying brands they like .
The stakes are high for Super Bowl advertisers .
If they understand how to use this special medium , the buzz for a good ad results in a storm of incremental exposure , coverage they cannot buy , and goodwill that is invaluable .
But if they 're selling too hard , or come off as offensive and obnoxious , that negative backlash can be brutal .
Last year 's winner was VW 's Darth Vader spot , which was both endearing and off-the-charts funny .
As a result , it was the most shared TV spot in history , and VW went on to have a very strong 2011 year in sales .
My assessment of the 2012 Super Bowl spots ?
Ads for Bud Light Platinum , Lexus GS , and GE did n't work well because they were selling too hard and were self-serving .
The GoDaddy and Cars.com spots were just obnoxious and creepy , thus might help with brand awareness but not brand endearment .
My winners : Chrysler 's dramatic rallying cry to America ;
Acura 's Seinfeld tease campaign ;
and Bud Light 's Weego ( so sue me , I thought the dog was cute . )
ON FRIDAY February 3rd , three decades to the day since Syria 's last president , Hafez Assad , shelled the city of Hama to crush an Islamist uprising ,
his son Bashar Assad turned to Homs , the hub of the rebellion against his rule .
Between 200 and 300 people were killed when troops shelled the north-eastern neighbourhood of Khaldiyeh , the bloodiest day since protests began in March .
Activists described gunfire and mortars echoing through streets usually bustling with traders touting their wares .
Video footage shows corpses piled up .
A day later Arab and European states failed in their latest attempt to get the UN Security Council to pass a resolution condemning the Syrian regime after Russia and China wielded their vetos .
Had it passed , even without the threat of military intervention , it would have sent a strong signal that Syria could no longer count on the support of Russia , the most powerful of its dwindling allies .
But amid a divided international response , the regime has little incentive to stop the violence in which 7,000 civilians have already died .
The Syrian National Council , the main umbrella opposition group , described the UN 's failure as a " license to kill . "
Frustrated Western states are in uproar :
America described the veto as " shameful " and said any further bloodshed would be on Russia 's hands .
Britain said the failure to get a resolution was " letting the Syrian people down . "
Before the vote Syrians abroad attacked several Syrian embassies in protest at the massacre in Homs .
Russia 's alliance with Syria is longstanding .
It has sold Mr Assad and his predecessors arms for decades .
Its refusal to back the UN resolution reflects its fears that Saudi Arabia and Qatar , backed by Europe and America , are pushing for regime change in Damascus which would erode Russia 's influence in the region .
Still angry about the military intervention in Libya last year which was framed as protecting civilians but ended with the death of Muammar Qaddafi at the hands of rebel forces , Russia is unwilling to endorse similar action in Syria .
But Moscow is looking increasingly isolated .
South Africa and India , which abstained in a vote in October , yesterday sided with Arab and European countries .
Sergei Lavrov , the Russian foreign minister , is due in Damascus on Tuesday where he is expected to try to initiate a dialogue between the regime and the opposition .
He is unlikely to find much enthusiasm among opposition groups .
" This is shaping up into a war between Russia and the west and we are paying the price " , says a protester in Damascus .
There 's something terrifying about these 3D-printed princess statues , but they 're still cooler than a keychain with your name on it .
Once upon a time , Walt Disney decided he wanted to do more than animation  he wanted to elevate amusement parks to an art form and create utopian cities .
Instead of leaving his burgeoning cartoon studio to chase this new dream , he spun off a small skunkworks team in 1952 called Walt Disney Imagineering ( WDI , ) that went on to develop robotic-president animatronics , theme parks , and other technological wonders .
But more important than any of their individual innovations , WDI left an imprint on the organization that leads Imagineers to continuously seek ways to use technology in the service of stories .
Fast forward to 2012 , and Disney 's research group now has six offices across the world , from Burbank to Zurich , releasing commercial projects and academic papers at a pace that would make the Seven Dwarves proud .
We 've poured over their output and found a few of the newest , coolest ones .
Disney D-Tech 3D-Printed Princess Figurines Disney is helping push ordinary girls to become princesses with the aid of photo scanners and 3-D printers .
Starting at $ 99.95 , this 3-D printed tchotchke will hit the royal coffers hard ( but not as much as this similarly gender-demarcating $ 1400 bejeweled Ariel figurine ) .
The plaster princesses are at Disney 's theme parks in Orlando for a limited time .
But , as Walt Disney World is the most visited tourist location in the U.S. , with over 17million visitors per year , even slow sales will expose millions of eager minds ( and wallets ) to 3D-printing technology .
Better-Designed Balloons Specialized CAD programs are required to properly account for the deformation of bunny balloons .
Due to the complexities of deformation , designing character-shaped balloons is a major challenge .
When sculptors try to design a mold for a balloon that looks like an elephant ,
it starts off looking like a cute little pachyderm . However , when inflated , the rubber stretches into something that looks like a mad scientist 's experiment gone horribly awry .
To overcome this , Disney scientists are hard at work developing a CAD program that will allow designers to specify the shape they want the balloon to be when it 's fully inflated , which will then compute the distortions in the mold required to achieve that .
With that CAD data , 3-D printers can then produce prototype molds to see if the design holds up .
Disney Research Zurich has been spearheading this research  you can read the paper Computational Design of Rubber Balloons ( . pdf ) online or watch a longer video , but unfortunately the software is not yet available .
Learning how to make balloon animals is your best bet for now , but any improvements their research helps generate for future CAD software will be welcome .
Stained Glass Windows 2.0 We love the idea of four images on one canvas , as long as they 're not Thomas Kinkades .
Basically , a method of assembling images that can change appearance based on the direction of the light  imagine a portrait looking friendly from one view but scary from another in the Haunted Mansion , or having a piece of artwork that changed appearance based on the time of day in your hotel room .
The research , formally titled Manufacturing Layered Attenuators for Multiple Prescribed Shadow Images , was presented at Eurographics 2012 ,
and you can be sure that souvenirs featuring this technology will be hitting the parks and Disney Stores even sooner .
' Glow With the Show ' Mouse Ears Glow With the Show is kind of like holding a lighter up at a rock concert , for the juice box set .
Photo credit :
Sam Howzit World of Color is a nighttime show at Disney 's California Adventure park that combines high power water fountains , colored lights , music , and video clips to create an experience like fireworks , but without the gunpowder .
The $ 75,000,000 project combines over 1,000 fountains that can shoot water 25 feet into the air , along with a rainbow of projected visuals , to create a dramatic effect .
And as if showing up the Bellagio was n't cool enough , Disney decided to go for an encore .
Their creation :
interactive mouse ears .
The Imagineers who work on World of Color developed a new , high-tech take on the iconic Disney headgear that include a bevy of LEDs and IR receivers .
While most visitors will buy these to take home as light-up souvenirs , their real magic happens during the light show .
Show producers can control the LEDs on the crowd 's hats remotely , lighting up certain parts of the crowd based on the phase of the show , creating a wave of light and color from right to left or front to back .
Interactive Cake This patent gives new meaning to the idea of playing with your food .
Like there are n't enough factors working to keep America obese , Disney is now vying to bring interactivity to the dessert table .
The new patent granted last month ( # US 8,223,196 B2 ) describes a variety of ways eating cake could be more fun .
Using an array of IR sensors and video projectors , images and videos can be projected on to cakes .
More impressively , the experience can change according to the number of people around the cake , whether it 's been cut or not , and even if people are singing  so the confection Buzz and Woody could sing Happy Birthday along with your kid 's friends .
Or maybe ask if you really need that third slice .
As the music world mourns the death of Soul Train mastermind Don Cornelius , authorities are now confirming the circumstances surrounding it .
L.A. County Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter confirms to E!News that the music impresario 's death has officially been ruled a suicide .
Cornelius was found dead at his Sherman Oaks home last week with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
His son Tony Cornelius told CBS This Morning that his father was " very unhappy about some things  and his health was failing " .
He also said he received a phone call from his father just hours before the elder Cornelius was believed to have shot himself in the head .
Stars mourned Cornelius ' passing with glowing tributes .
Aretha Franklin praised Cornelius for creating " a solid and broad foundation for young people and adults alike to socialize , dance and have good clean fun " ,
while Quincy Jones told E!News , " Don was a visionary pioneer and a giant in our business " .
Many stars have changed up their hair for the sake of their role in a movie or TV show , but in Leighton Meester 's case , it was a long-lasting change that would help shape who she is in Hollywood .
Josh Schwartz , co-creator of Gossip Girl , told The Hollywood Reporter Feb. 3 how Meester , a natural blonde , came to be the bold brunette that fans know her as today .
" Leighton was a blonde when she came in to read , but Blake [ Lively ] was the blonde , so we asked her to color her hair " , Schwartz said about her audition for the CW young adult drama .
" A risky move on her part in the middle of pilot season , but she did a sink-rinse dye job to audition as a brunette " .
Going brunette proved to be successful for Meester , who has been coined as fellow dark-haired actress Minka Kelly 's twin .
The two stars played opposite in the 2011 suspense flick The Roommate .
" After we convinced [ Blake ] to do television , the network was concerned that she was ' too California ' " , Schwartz said .
" So we dressed her up in boarding school attire -- clothes out of Stephanie 's ( Savage , co-creator ) closet -- and straightened her hair to prove that she could look New York " .
Another surprising fact from the auditions :
smooth-talking Ed Westwick ( Chuck Bass ) originally auditioned for Nate Archibald ( which is now played by a sunny-haired Chace Crawford . )
The falling cost of LED lighting , batteries , and solar panels , together with innovative business plans , are allowing millions of households in Africa and elsewhere to switch from crude kerosene lamps to cleaner and safer electric lighting .
For many , this offers a means to charge their mobile phones , which are becoming ubiquitous in Africa , instead of having to rent a charger .
Technology advances are opening up a huge new market for solar power :
the approximately 1.3billion people around the world who do n't have access to grid electricity .
Even though they are typically very poor , these people have to pay far more for lighting than people in rich countries because they use inefficient kerosene lamps .
While in most parts of the world solar power typically costs far more than electricity from conventional power plants  especially when including battery costs
 for some people , solar power makes economic sense because it costs half as much as lighting with kerosene .
Hundreds of companies are swooping in to grab a piece of this market .
" This sector has exploded " , says Richenda Van Leeuwen , senior director for the Energy and Climate team at the United Nations Foundation .
" There 's been a sea change in the last five years " .
The sudden interest is fueled by the advent of relatively low-cost LEDs , she says .
Not long ago , powering lightbulbs required a solar panel that could generate 20 to 30 watts , since only incandescent lightbulbs were affordable .
LEDs are far more efficient .
Now people can have bright lighting using a panel that only generates a couple of watts of power , Van Leeuwen says .
But such technological improvements are n't quite enough to open up the market .
High-quality LED systems , with a pair of lamps and enough battery storage for several hours of lighting , cost less than $ 50 .
The systems can pay for themselves in less than two years , but the upfront cost is still too steep for many people .
Eight19 , a company based in Cambridge , U.K. , is one of several companies offering some type of payment plan to make the systems affordable .
Customers pay $ 10 for the solar lighting system , which includes a 2.5-watt solar panel , two LED overhead lamps , and a lithium-iron phosphate battery pack .
Then they pay a weekly fee for the power it generates .
Each week , users buy a scratch card for about $ 1 from a local vendor .
It gives them a number that they text to Eight19 for verification .
The company sends them a verification code that they enter into a keypad on the battery pack .
The code electronically unlocks the device for a week , allowing the battery to supply power to the LEDs or to a phone charger .
Several other companies , including major telecoms , are trying variants on this pay-as-you-go approach .
One thing that sets Eight19 apart is that after a customer has covered the cost of the device  typically in about 18 months  he or she can trade up for a bigger one with a larger solar panel , a bigger battery , and more lights , and the capacity to power a small radio .
In this way , using only the money they would have been spending on kerosene or for renting phone chargers , they can gradually get to the point where they have enough power for , say , a refrigerator , or a money-making appliance such as a sewing machine , says Simon Bransfield-Garth , CEO of Eight19 .
Eight19 has tested the system with several hundred customers , and it is starting a project to sell 4,000 systems in cooperation with the NGO Solar Aid , which will help with distribution .
But Eight19 is a relatively small player so far .
More established companies such as D.light have sold over one million solar lighting systems .
Bransfield - Garth sees a lot of room for growth .
" The poorest people are paying disproportionately high prices for their needs " , he says .
" Solar power works well in this market " .
Greek officials Tuesday missed yet another deadline , their third in as many attempts , to agree to conditions for receiving $ 170billion in bailout money , a particularly disappointing development as Athens had appeared earlier in the day near a final deal .
Intense negotiations between Athens and the so-called troika -- the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund -- seemed tantalizingly close to resolution early Tuesday , with reports that the two parties were finishing a 15-page draft agreement that included tax hikes and emergency budget cuts that would free up the rescue money , essential if Greece is going to avoid defaulting on its massive sovereign debt .
" A deal is really close ( among the coalition partners " , ) one source had said .
" After they agree it must be ratified by parliament " .
Without the bailout money , Greece is expected to default on a $ 19billion euro bond redemption next month .
But late Tuesday concerns arose over an extra $ 4billion in emergency spending cuts and the fact that Greek coalition government leaders yet to receive copies of the 15-page draft agreement .
Those leaders made it clear to technocrat Prime Minister Lucas Papademos they would not agree to anything until they had had an opportunity to carefully read the document .
" We can't say a plain yes or no unless we have assurances from the relevant authorities and the state that these actions are constitutional and will lead the country out of the crisis " , far-right LAOS leader George Karatzaferis told Reuters .
" There is time . When it comes to future of the country , we will find the time " .
In response , Papademos said he would meet Wednesday morning with the troika in hopes of finalizing a deal by the end of this week .
The duality of meeting the troika 's reform demands while keeping Greek citizens happy ahead of an election later in the year has made markets skittish ahead of any deal .
Stocks in Europe closed mostly lower though the euro was up .
" Vacillation within the Greek parliament is once again a source of incredulity amongst euro-zone officials as the former 's interim government breaches a deadline for agreement upon bailout terms " , said Neil Mellor , a strategist at Bank of New York Mellon Corp. in London , according to Bloomberg .
" We watch , we wait " .
HONG KONG ( Market Watch )  Asian stocks kicked off the trading week on a downbeat note Monday , with Chinese policy makers seen as less inclined to cut interest rates after data showed real estate prices rising in a majority of major cities .
The Shanghai Composite Index CN : 000001 + 0.38 % ended down 0.4% , paring a sharper decline that had put the index at a low for the year .
The Shenzhen Composite Index edged up 0.3%. HongKong 's HangSeng Index HK : HSI + 0.03 % fell 0.1% .
Analysts said investors reacted negatively to signs that Beijing will continue , or even extend , its property-tightening measures after a government inspection concluded that the housing market was heating up .
" This is a firm statement from the State Council that they will continue property-curb policies , and is not the change that the market had been expecting . The market was sort of blindsided by that " .
Reorient Financial Markets ' head of research , Steve Wang , in HongKong said .
Home prices rising Statistics Bureau figures for July , released over the weekend , showed new home prices rising in 49 of 70 Chinese cities , the broadest-based gains in 14 months .
Piper Jaffray sales trader Andrew Sullivan said the housing results were the first full-month data since the People 's Bank of China lowered interest rates in June .
He added that the rebound likely augured for curbs on additional easing .
In other market action , the South Korean Kospi KR : SEU + 0.43 % ended little changed , while Australia 's S&amp;P/ASX 200 index AU : XJO + 0.48 % traded down 0.1% .
Japan 's Nikkei Stock Average JP : 100000018 + 0.14 % ended the session up 0.1% .
The move extended a currency-aided advance made Friday when it closed at its highest level in more than three months .
Markets in India , Indonesia , Singapore and Philippines were closed for public holidays .
Market lacks direction U.S. stocks had ended with mild gains Friday , notching a sixth weekly advance , helped by a rise in consumer sentiment and lingering optimism over Europe .
The gains did n't translate into Asia , however , and Ben Kwong , chief operating officer at KGI Asia , said , " I think that the market is still lacking clear direction . ..
Future upward momentum will need further stimulus measures . "
In the absence of major news from overseas , investor focus is on company announcements .
Results announcements have n't been that good over the past few days .
" Firms recently reporting poorly received earnings included Aluminum Corp .
The shares fell another 1.2% to extend a loss from Friday when the firm reported a loss for the first half of the year .
It is , at the time , one of the largest denial-of-service attacks ever staged .
Several major commercial websites , including CNN.com , Amazon.com , eBay and Yahoo , are rendered inaccessible to their customers by the attack , which is later traced to a 16-year-old Canadian miscreant using the handle Mafiaboy .
Using a bot network to gain control of millions of computers , this not-so-callow youth staged a classic DoS attack lasting a week , flooding the websites with an overwhelming volume of traffic .
Their servers unable to cope , the sites collapsed .
Following his arrest in April 2000 , Mafiaboy initially pleaded not guilty to charges of " mischief to data " , then caved and ended up copping to 55 of 65 counts against him .
Since then , the nature of DoS attackers has changed , morphing from the pimply faced amateur bent on self-aggrandizing mischief to organized criminals employing DoS as an extortion tactic against commercial sites .
( Source : Wired News )
Trusting someone requires two ingredients .
First , one must believe the person has your best interests at heart .
It's hard to trust a louse ( unless of course the louse is on your side . )
Second , one must believe the person can do what he says  one must have confidence in his competence .
And an important part of competence is self-control .
Skill and aligned interests are n't much good if your buddy 's a flake .
A new set of findings reveals not only that people can perceive others ' chronic and momentary levels of self-control , but that we use this information to judge others ' trustworthiness .
The paper , published in the May issue of the Journal of Personality of Social Psychology by Francesca Righetti and Catrin Finkenauer of Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , reported four experiments .
In the first , subjects read about a student with money problems who either resisted the urge to shop at a record store or splurged on a bunch of CDs .
Then they answered questions about the student 's self-control and trustworthiness .
The penny-pincher received higher ratings than the spender on both counts , and ratings of trustworthiness were fully dependent on ratings of self-control .
In the second experiment , people in couples rated their partners on self-control , trustworthiness , and behaviors indicative of self-control : forgiveness , reliability , and goal achievement .
The most forgiving , reliable , and successful partners ( as perceived by their sweethearts ) were judged to have the most self-control and to be the most trustworthy .
And , after controlling for other factors , the effects that perceived forgiveness and reliability had on perceived trustworthiness could be explained by their influence on perceived self-control .
If you 're forgiving , that means you can handle your shit , and that means I can trust you .
Subjects were also more committed to partners perceived to have high self-control , because they trusted them more .
Studies 3 and 4 tested the effects of sensing that someone had temporarily depleted self-control .
Subjects were less likely to trust another person when the person had just performed a difficult task for 15 minutes versus 2 minutes .
( In study 4 , trust was measured by investment in one 's partner during an economics game ) .
Again , perceived trustworthiness was influenced by perceived self-control .
" I have rarely conducted research that yielded findings that were so consistent across different types of relationships ( strangers and married couples , ) paradigms ( experimental and survey studies , ) and measures " , Finkenauer wrote me in an email .
If you want to improve your friendships or romantic life , Finkenauer recommends working on improving your self-control  which can be done with simple exercises .
" An increasing amount of research highlights the importance of having good self-control for the development and maintenance of harmonious , long-lasting relationships " , she said .
Their findings extends this research by showing that your level of self-control is on constant display , and can be used against you .
Look sharp !
Syrians trapped in the besieged city feeling the wrath of Assad 's brutal regime reveal the full horror of his determination to destroy his enemies .
" There are rockets raining down on many neighbourhoods and bodies buried under rubble .
It's absolutely impossible to go out  Homs is surrounded and besieged .
Snipers on the rooftops are shooting anyone who goes out on the street " . - Amir
" The army that is supposed to protect us is killing us .
You cannot walk in the streets , you cannot go out .
At the same time if you stay they will bomb and demolish your house .
You cannot walk in the streets , you cannot go out " . - Ali Osman
" The situation is very bad : government soldiers have surrounded the area and are bombing us hour by hour .
I wish someone would help us .
They are killing and wounding us .
We want a solution now " . - Waleed Fares
" There have been severed hands and body parts .
The rockets slice open people 's stomachs .
The roads are covered with body parts .
After one attack , the roof fell in on the people living in a house .
It took us half an hour to get one body out " . - Mahmoud Haddad
As Mahmoud Haddad spoke down the patchy satellite phone line , another shell came fizzing into a nearby apartment block .
" Can you hear that " ? said the 35-year-old , the aftershock still rattling the windows of his flat in Homs .
" That is what Russia and China have given permission for " .
Mahmoud lives in Bab Amr , among the neighbourhoods that have been hardest hit by the Syrian regime 's assault on Homs .
More than 200 people were massacred in the city on Friday night , according to a rights group , in what was the single bloodiest day of an uprising which the UN says has led to the deaths of more than 5,600 civilians .
Amateur video footage lays bare a city under siege , with street after street left deserted by terrified residents .
Mahmoud said another 25 people were slaughtered yesterday , as troops lobbed shells into his neighbourhood .
A member of the opposition Syrian National Council claimed the figure was as high as 50 .
" It started at 6 am " , said Mahmoud .
" After the first attacks last week , we set up a field hospital .
Then the army shelled it , so we started taking injured people to safe houses .
But there is no such thing as a safe house in Homs " .
The Local Co-ordination Committees , a network of activists that works to publicise Syria 's uprising , said that yesterday two people were killed and one paramedic injured when a makeshift clinic was struck during an artillery bombardment .
Syrian state media denied government troops were attacking the area , claiming civilians were torching tyres in order to mimic the effects of bombardment .
Mahmoud insisted such statements were lies , claiming that over the weekend the military had deployed a helicopter over Bab Amr which had strafed neighbourhoods with machine-gun fire .
" The city has become like Afghanistan .
We have had a lot of journalists who have visited Bab Amr . Some of them were in Kandahar , some in Bosnia .
They all say that Bab Amr is the most dangerous place they have been in because of the frequency of the shelling and the snipers " , he said .
Other activists echoed the sense of fear that envelops Homs .
" It's become impossible to go out on the street " , said Waleed Fares , from the city 's Al-Khaldya neighbourhood .
Abu Rabea , from the eastern neighbourhood of Karm Zeitoun , explained why .
" There are 10 snipers on the street outside my house " , he said .
Back in Bab Amr , Mahmoud said that with President Bashar al-Assad intensifying his assault on Homs , its residents were being subject to a terrifying new kind of weapon .
" For months they have been using mortars " , he said . " Now they are using rockets .
We know a defected soldier who saw the rocket-firing vehicles being deployed in a village west of Homs last month .
They have a capacity of 30 rockets per minute " .
According to Mahmoud , the army units surrounding Homs are also using a sinister new strategy .
First they launch a rocket into Bab Amr .
Then , a few minutes after it has found its target , they send another to exactly the same spot , just as the locals are arriving at the scene to search for the dead and injured .
The results are horrific .
" The rockets slice open people 's stomachs . The roads are covered with body parts " , he said .
For Mahmoud , the decision by Russia and China to veto a recent resolution calling on Assad to stand aside was unforgivable .
" They gave Assad permission to destroy us and clear us out of Homs " , he said .
" We need the United Nations . We need the Arab League .
We 're humans  not animals ..
We need a force to protect us .
We want an invasion of Syria .
We need anyone who can save our lives  even Israel " .
And he had a stern warning for Russia , whose opposition to UN action is partly motivated by a desire to maintain its Soviet-era strategic alliance with Damascus .
" Eventually Assad will leave , either today , tomorrow or after one year .
We will still be here in Syria .
After he leaves , Russia and China will never have any communication with us again .
They will pay for this " .
If there is a constant thread running through the life of Dame Stephanie Shirley it is the refusal to let difficulty and disaster stand in her way .
Born in Dortmund , in 1933  the year the Nazis came to power  she fled to Britain at the age of six as a Kindertransport refugee , one of 10,000 Jewish children whose parents sent them away to escape persecution .
The little girl was placed with the Smiths , a loving family in the West Midlands ,
though after the war , unlike so many Kindertransport children whose parents died in the Holocaust , she was reunited with her father and mother , Arnold and Margaret Buchtal .
She joined the Post Office Research Station at the age of 18 and a decade she set up a pioneering software business from her dining room table , with just  6 capital .
Such were her entrepreneurial skills that she went on to build a  150million fortune and in 2000 was made a Dame in recognition of her philanthropic work . But behind her public success lay domestic tragedy .
Barely a year after she set up the FI Group , later called Xansa , she gave birth to her only child , Giles .
Having suffered a traumatic childhood herself Stephanie , and her husband Derek , were determined to give him a safe , peaceful upbringing ,
and at first all seemed right in their world .
They soon discovered , however , that something was fundamentally wrong with their baby .
" After a while we began to think he was a bit slow , which was difficult enough to accept " , she said .
" But at two and a half years he turned from being quite a placid baby to a wild , unmanageable toddler .
He started to lose the little speech he had , which was terrifying to see and then , in the space of a week to 10 days , he never spoke again " .
The Shirleys were devastated when , after 10 months of specialist doctors ' appointments , Giles was diagnosed with severe autism .
The news came as " a bombshell . "
" There were no special schools for children like Giles at the time , so we came home and managed as best we could " , she said .
" He had a particularly severe form of autism .
It got very , very bad .
He became increasingly difficult , banging his head .
He needed constant attention and care . "
To make things worse , puberty hit early for him and he developed epilepsy .
He became violent , lashing out at us .
We had occasional day care , but they couldn't cope with him .
" It was very destructive on our lives .
As parents we both focused completely on Giles , working in shifts to look after him .
Other relationships and activities dropped out of the scene " .
The difficulties were compounded by the desperate lack of support and the stigma attached to the condition at the time .
For all their love and effort the situation became unbearable ;
the couple endured such levels of despair that at one stage they considered putting an end to it all .
Dame Stephanie pauses , hesitant about revealing the depths she and her husband reached .
" At one point we considered a joint family suicide because life was so awful and there seemed no future in it " , she said .
" We pulled back because it would have been the equivalent of murdering Giles .
After all he couldn't give his consent " .
But the pressure on Dame Stephanie told and shortly after rejecting such extreme measures she collapsed under the strain .
While she recuperated in hospital , she and her husband  realising they were unable to cope  took the painful decision to admit Giles , who was now aged 12 , to what she now describes as an old-style hospital for the educationally subnormal .
" I cracked up " , said Dame Stephanie . " I just couldn't manage .
I went to hospital and Giles was placed in an institution " .
She says that this gave them space to rebuild their lives and , up until he turned 16 , Giles attended the hospital school and appeared to treated well .
But during his later teens the conditions in which he was kept became intolerable .
" He was locked up and he started to lose some of his human rights " , she stated , unwilling to go into further detail about the neglect and suffering her son and the other patients may have endured .
With her husband she made another difficult decision , this time to bring Giles , who was now aged 23 , home .
At the same time Dame Stephanie established a small care home for sufferers , in Henley-on-Thames , with Giles as the first resident .
It was the late 1980s and there was more help available for autism sufferers and their families .
Indeed Giles began to make some progress .
" It took us around six years to re-socialise him , but eventually he was able to live a dignified life .
He would go shopping and walking in the woods  always accompanied .
He could brush his own hair " , Dame Stephanie recalled .
" Giles also had a sense of humour and would sometimes clown around .
But he was still very volatile and you had to walk on eggshells around him . "
He could be very violent and his moods were very extreme , particularly when he was building up to a seizure .
" From his early teens Giles had begun to suffer regular and violent epileptic fits as an apparent consequence of his autism .
It was one of these fits which , in 1998 , killed him at the age of 35 . "
The death of a child is acutely painful .
I had no idea parental love was so strong " , said Dame Stephanie .
It was the experience of raising a deeply autistic child that led Dame Stephanie to devote the rest of her life  and much of the fortune she accumulated  to helping find a cure for the condition which cast such a pall over her son 's life and which is suffered by more than half a million people in the UK .
She had already become an early member of the National Autistic Society and soon began to instigate and fund research into the condition .
Since 2001 Dame Stephanie has donated around  50million to autism research .
Her latest gift is to pledge  1 million to a new centre of research into the condition , in the hope her donation will help other families avoid the heartache she suffered .
The money will go towards creating a world-class imaging suite at Edinburgh University 's Patrick Wild Centre , allowing scientists to study autism in new ways .
Dame Stephanie has also funded a brain bank at Oxford University , which has so far collected 17 brains , including her son 's , for research purposes .
She said : " My aim is to support pioneering projects that can , if successful , make a real difference .
With research there 's no guarantee of success , but sometimes you can make startling progress .
" The Patrick Wilde Centre opened last year with donations from Dr Alfred Wild , whose brother Patrick was severely autistic , and Gus Alusi and Reem Waines , whose six-year-old son Kenz has Fragile X Syndrome , the most common known genetic cause of autism spectrum disorders , affecting up to 15,000 people in the UK .
Dr Andrew Stanfield , consultant psychiatrist and co-director of the centre said : "
We are incredibly grateful to Dame Stephanie for this very generous contribution to our work here at Edinburgh .
" Dame Stephanie speaks passionately about the research now being conducted at the centre . "
Their current work shows it's possible to engender autism symptoms in mice  you see them getting quieter and quieter and retreating to the corner of their cage .
" But what is most exciting is that they can then reverse this to get the mouse back to its normal behaviour , scurrying around and squeaking . "
For parents of autistic children that 's tremendously exciting , because it suggests we will understand what 's happening in autism within their children 's lifetime " , she said , pointing out that this kind of progress would have been inconceivable at the time Giles was born .
Before returning to the pile of correspondence on her desk , much of it requesting funds for good causes , Dame Stephanie ponders on the experiences that have shaped her . "
Survivors [ of the Holocaust ] like myself have certain characteristics .
I learnt to deal with change and even to welcome it " , she said .
" I learnt very quickly that having survived I wanted to make my life worth something , to justify my existence . "
Children who frequently move house are more likely to suffer poor health , research suggests .
Moving several times before the age of 18 can impact on overall health , psychological distress and increase the likelihood a child may use illegal drugs .
The study , published in the Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health , included data for 850 people , followed-up for a period of 20 years .
Moving house blues :
Scientists found changing accommodation several times could cause psychological distress in children
By the age of 18 , 59 percent had moved house once or twice while one in five had moved at least three times .
Some 20 percent had stayed in the same house during their childhood .
Children of single parents or those with step-parents were significantly more likely to move home , as were those with two or three siblings .
Those with four or more brothers and sisters were more likely to stay put .
Experts found that people who moved at least once had an increased risk of poorer overall health , and some of this could be down to changing schools .
Those who had moved three times or more were twice as likely to have used illegal drugs and nearly three times as likely to have had suicidal thoughts as those who stayed in the same house .
However , the risk of some these problems had subsided by the age of 36 and there was no effect on physical measures such as weight , lung function and blood pressure .
Lead author Dr Denise Brown , from the Social and Public Health Sciences Unit in Glasgow , said :
' For many people , moving house is a positive experience as it may lead to improved family circumstances . '
But for some family members , especially children , moving can be stressful and may lead to poor health outcomes and behaviours in adulthood .
' The negative effect on health in adulthood appears to be somewhat accounted for by a high number of school moves . '
This suggests that support should be given to children during a family relocation to ensure that important social ties and relationships with healthcare professionals are not broken .
The research was drawn from people taking part in a West of Scotland study .
But the experts said there was no reason to believe the effect on long-term health would not be replicated across the UK .
The research was funded by the Chief Scientist Office of the Scottish Government Health Directorates and the Medical Research Council .
New scientific research offers surprising ways to shower yourself with tranquility , creativity , longevity and more .
1 . Optimism
Never mind if you do n't have hours a day  even a few minutes spent in quiet contemplation once in a while yields noticeable benefits .
A group of adults who meditated an average of six hours and 13 minutes over the course of five weeks developed patterns of brain activity typically associated with positive moods .
2 . Serenity When mice were fed a strain of probiotics found in some yogurt , they became calmer under stress , Irish and Canadian scientists observed .
They were less likely to panic like their broth-fed brethren , and they produced fewer stress hormones  effects similar to those brought on by antidepressants .
Look for yogurt that has active probiotic cultures , and say , " Mmmm . "
3 . Creative Thinking Volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent lightbulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .
Scientists say the symbolism of the bulb , not just its light spectrum ) led to the subjects ' bright ideas , and cited " a growing body of research showing that perception of objects .. can subtly influence our behavior . "
4 . Belonging Undergraduates who considered chicken soup a comfort food and then were fed some scored higher on a psychological test of social connectedness than those who were n't given any soup .
When given a word fragment like incl , they converted it into a " relationship word " such as include , instead of a neutral term , like incline , because the dish stirred a sense of connection .
5 . Fitness A remarkable experiment with mice showed that eating a small amount of the compound epicatechin ( the quantity found in about five grams of dark chocolate ) prompted physical changes similar to those caused by exercise , even when they were n't active .
Their muscles resisted fatigue better , and they could run faster on a treadmill without training .
6 . Better Sex
A recent survey by the Kinsey Institute of 1,009 committed heterosexual couples reveals just how important it is for couples to be physically affectionate , especially in long-term relationships .
Scientists found women were more likely to be sexually satisfied overall if they were frequently cuddled with and were kissed by their partner  even if sex did n't immediately follow .
7 . Vitality Tired ?
Draggy ?
Stuck in your office ?
Picture yourself outside beneath an arching sky and canopied branches .
Daydreaming about nature is energizing , according to a new study .
And if you can go outdoors , even better :
As little as 20 minutes in a natural setting demonstrably increased people 's energy levels for the day .
8 . Longevity
Using data from about 10,000 adults tracked over 50 years , scientists discovered that volunteering , especially for altruistic motives , can be a lifesaver .
People who reported giving their time because they wanted to help others outlived those who did n't volunteer at all , as well as those who did so mostly for their own satisfaction .
9 . Bliss
Researchers asked volunteers to rate their level of happiness the last time they spent money on themselves or on someone else .
Not only were the givers happier , but when presented with extra cash to use as they wished , they were more apt to spend it on others .
The study 's authors concluded " a positive feedback loop " exists between offering gifts and well-being .
10 . A Healthier Diet
To make better choices at the grocery store , bring dollar bills , a revelatory study shows .
Analyzing 1,000 households , researchers found that shoppers who paid by credit card tended to select chips , cookies , and other junk food .
The theory : Shelling out cash is more psychologically painful , so people are less likely to spend it on unhealthy goods .
China 's economic expansion would be cut almost in half if Europe 's debt crisis worsens , a scenario that would warrant " significant " fiscal stimulus from the nation 's government , the International Monetary Fund said .
Based on the IMF 's " downside " forecast for the global economy , China 's growth could drop by as much as 4 percentage points from the fund 's current projection , which is for 8.2 percent this year , the organization said in a report released today by its China office in Beijing .
The outlook expands on the IMF 's warning last month that the world could plunge into another recession if Europe 's woes deepen .
Premier Wen Jiabao reiterated last week his government will " fine-tune " policies to support growth amid the region 's debt crisis and the cooling domestic property market .
" China 's growth rate would drop abruptly if the euro area experiences a sharp recession " , the Washington-based IMF said .
" However , a track record of fiscal discipline has given China ample room to respond to such an external shock " .
The government should cushion the impact of a deeper slowdown with measures including tax cuts that amount to about 3 percent of gross domestic product , it said .
Asian stocks climbed after data Feb. 3 showed employers in the U.S. added 243,000 jobs in January , exceeding the most optimistic estimates in a Bloomberg News survey .
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index rose 0.5 percent as of 2:28 p.m. in Tokyo .
China 's economy is unlikely to experience a " hard landing " and the nation has room to boost fiscal spending , Anoop Singh , director of the IMF's Asia-Pacific department , said last week in Washington .
China should strengthen domestic consumption , he said .
Forecast Cut The organization last month cut its 2012 forecast for China 's growth from an earlier estimate of 9 percent .
It estimates expansion of 8.8 percent next year .
Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said China 's economy may have a " rough landing , but they will get through it " , in an interview that aired yesterday on CNN .
China 's gross domestic product expanded 8.9 percent in the final three months of 2011 from a year earlier , the least in 10 quarters , and down from a 9.1 percent gain in the third quarter .
Growth may slow to 7.5 percent this quarter , Nomura Holdings Inc. forecasts .
The IMF said in its report today that " monetary conditions should be fine-tuned to allow for some modest additional credit to the economy " , echoing Wen 's pledges last month .
At the same time , " residual concerns about credit quality and bank balance sheets from the 2009-10 stimulus would mean that any monetary response to an unfolding European crisis should be limited " , the fund said .
Rate ' Opportunity ' Slowing price gains in China " should be viewed as an opportunity to raise " inflation-adjusted interest rates on loans and deposits , so the cost of capital moves " closer to equilibrium " and household incomes increase , the IMF said .
That would let the central bank " rely less on administrative limits on credit to achieve its monetary goals " , the fund said .
Chinese officials have held off a cut in lenders ' reserve requirements that banks including Barclays Capital Asia Ltd. had forecast for January and have also so far refrained from lowering interest rates to support growth .
Wen said last month that curbs on the property market will be maintained to bring prices down to a reasonable level .
The IMF said China should target M2 money-supply growth of 14 percent this year , which the agency said would " strike the right balance " between supporting the economy and " being conscious of the credit overhang " and risks to banks .
M2 Expansion M2 , the broadest measure of money supply , expanded 13.6 percent in 2011 , compared with a 16 percent target set by the government .
The government has yet to announce a 2012 target .
Separately , Markus Ederer , the European Union 's ambassador to China , said today that the country may become the continent 's top export market this year , surpassing the U.S.
" We simply see growth grates that most of us do n't see from any other major economic power " , said Friis Arne Petersen , the Danish ambassador to China .
Both spoke at an EU briefing in Beijing .
In Australia , retail sales unexpectedly declined in December as consumers spent less at grocers and on dining out in an economy where employment growth stalled last year .
The 0.1 percent drop from a month earlier was the first fall in six months , a report showed today .
The median estimate in a Bloomberg News survey was for a 0.2 percent gain .
Indonesia 's economic growth exceeded 6 percent for a fifth straight quarter , a report showed today .
Gross domestic product increased 6.5 percent in the three months through December from a year earlier , the statistics bureau said .
Taiwan Prices Elsewhere in the Asian region , Taiwan 's consumer prices probably rose 2.2 percent in January from a year earlier , which would be the fastest pace in 23 months , another Bloomberg News survey showed ahead of a report due later today .
Asian officials are trying to weather the impact of the debt crisis in Europe , which has sapped global economic expansion and threatens to spark a recession in the 17-nation euro area .
German factory orders may have climbed 1 percent in December from the previous month , when they slid the most in almost three years , a Bloomberg News survey showed before a report later today .
In the U.S. , the trade deficit probably widened in December to a six-month high as imports climbed faster than exports , economists said a report this week will show .
The gap grew to $ 48.5billion from the $ 47.8billion shortfall in November , according to the median of 61 estimates in a Bloomberg News survey ahead of Commerce Department figures on Feb. 10 .
Consumer sentiment held close to a one-year high and firings were little changed , other reports may show .
Yuan Pressures Today 's IMF report omitted providing new comments on the value of China 's yuan beyond saying that " upward pressures on the currency have diminished recently " and the " pace of reserves accumulation should resume this year " .
China 's foreign-exchange reserves , the world 's largest at $ 3.18 trillion , fell for the first time in more than a decade in the fourth quarter of 2011 .
The IMF , in its annual assessment of China 's economy published in July , pressed for gains in the yuan , saying the currency " remains substantially below the level consistent with medium-term fundamentals " .
In a report prepared for a Jan. 19-20 meeting of Group of 20 officials , IMF staff said the currency had been allowed to appreciate " faster than in the past " .
Happy Groundhog Day !
Today is the day each year in which we look towards a giant rodent to find out how much more winter we 'll have to endure .
This year , we probably know the answer :
winter has n't been very wintery , even for Los Angeles .
Which , well , is n't ever really wintery at all .
According to tradition , the groundhog ( Marmota monax ) peeks out of its burrow today , and checks to see if it has a shadow .
If sunny enough for a shadow , the groundhog will return to the comfort of its burrow ,
and winter will continue for an additional six weeks .
In honor of the holiday , I 've rounded up seven things about groundhogs that you probably did n't know .
One for each extra week of winter we 're going to have , plus one extra for good luck .
1 . A groundhog by any other name .
Groundhogs are also variously referred to as woodchucks , whistle-pigs , or land-beavers .
The name whistle-pig comes from the fact that , when alarmed , a groundhog will emit a high-pitched whistle as a warning to the rest of his or her colony .
The name woodchuck has nothing to do with wood . Or chucking .
It is derived from the Algonquian name for the critters , wuchak .
2 . Home sweet home .
Both male and female groundhogs tend to occupy the same territories year after year .
For females , there is very little overlap between home ranges except for the late spring and early summer , as females try to expand their territories .
During this time , their ranges may overlap by as much as ten percent .
Males have non-overlapping territories as well , though any male territory coincides with one to three mature females ' territories .
3 . Baby groundhogs !
Infants stick around home for only about two to three months after being born in mid-April , and then they disperse and leave mom 's burrow .
However , a significant proportion  thirty five percent  of females stick around longer , leaving home just after their first birthdays , right before mom 's new litter arrives .
4 . Family values .
In general , groundhog social groups consist of one adult male and two adult females , each with an offspring from the previous breeding season ( usually female , ) and the current litter of infants .
Interactions within a female 's group are generally friendly .
But interactions between female groups  even when those groups are shared by the same adult male  are rare and aggressive .
Even though daddy woodchuck does n't live at home , from the breeding season through the first month of the infants ' lives , he visits each of his female groups every day .
5 . Medical models .
Groundhogs happen to be a good animal model for the study of hepatitis B-induced liver cancer .
In fact , if infected with Woodchuck Hepatitis B virus , the animal will always go on to develop liver cancer , making them useful for the study both of liver cancer and of hepatitis B .
6 . Look up !
Though they spend most of their time on or under the ground , groundhogs can also climb trees .
7 . Eskimo kisses .
Groundhogs greet each other with an odd variation of the eskimo kiss : one groundhog approaches and touches his or her nose to the mouth of the second groundhog .
Or , as scientists call it , they make " naso-oral contact " .
The Syrian authorities have responded to anti-government protests with overwhelming military force since they erupted in March 2011 .
The protests pose the greatest challenge to four decades of Assad family rule in the country .
Here is an overview of the uprising , in which the UN says more than 5,000 civilians have been killed by security forces and 14,000 others detained .
The government says 2,000 members of the security forces have died .
The unrest began in the southern city of Deraa in March when locals gathered to demand the release of about 15 school children who were arrested and reportedly tortured after writing on a wall the well-known slogan of the popular uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt : " The people want the downfall of the regime " .
The protesters also called for democracy and greater freedom , though not President Assad 's resignation .
The peaceful show of dissent was , however , too much for the government and when people marched though the city after Friday prayers on 18 March , security forces opened fire , killing four people .
The following day , they shot at mourners at the victims ' funerals , killing another person .
Within days , the unrest in Deraa had spiralled out of the control of the local authorities .
In late March , the army 's fourth armoured division - commanded by the president 's brother , Maher - was sent in to crush the emboldened protesters .
Dozens of people were killed , as tanks shelled residential areas and troops stormed homes , rounding up those believed to have attended demonstrations .
But the crackdown failed to stop the unrest in Deraa , instead triggering anti-government protests in other towns and cities across the country , including Baniyas , Homs , Hama and the suburbs of Damascus .
The army subsequently besieged them , blaming " armed gangs and terrorists " for the unrest .
By mid-May , the death toll had reached 1,000 .
Protesters began somewhat cautiously by calling for democracy and greater freedom in what is one of the most repressive countries in the Arab world .
But once security forces opened fire on peaceful demonstrations , people demanded that Mr Assad resign .
The president has resolutely refused to step down , but in the few public statements he has made since March he has offered some concessions and promised reform .
Activists say that - as long as people continue to be killed - his promises count for very little .
How Developers Can Help Designers This article is a follow-up to my previous one , How Designers Can Help Developers , and covers the reciprocal situation .
As developers who work with designers , it 's our job to make that cooperation as smooth and easy as possible .
Know what you want
The most difficult part of commissioning a graphic design job is knowing the sort of result you want .
There can be a tendency to just ask your designer to " make something " - and they will , but it may not be what you 're after .
You would n't accept a requirements specification for a development job that was too vague to work with , and designers are n't any more psychic than you are .
Devote sufficient time to narrowing down the sort of work you 're looking for .
Examples are helpful If you do n't have a strong concept in mind , you probably at least have preferences .
Put together some samples of things you do and do n't like , noting what aspects you 're responding to , and why .
Other people 's work is fine , as are portfolio pieces by your actual designer .
Often , the process of putting together these sample likes and dislikes will help clarify your vision for the work you want done .
Trust your designer A wise person uses the talents of others , instead of trying to muddle through alone .
Trust your designer 's skills and experience .
Don't treat designers as scribes for artwork ; allow them the flexibility to contribute and to delight you . Don't be too prescriptive .
A sketch goes a long way You 've probably hired a designer because you 're not a great designer yourself .
If you 're like most developers , you 're likely to be a terrible designer , lacking any significant ability in visual arts .
That 's absolutely fine , and normal .
Nonetheless , a ( terrible ) sketch of what you 're after is often far , far more useful than a description - no matter how precise .
Don't be afraid to scribble something down for guidance ; it can be exceptionally useful to make sure both parties are starting on the same page .
Consider sample data As a developer , you have an idea of what sort of data your app will manage and display .
Your designer , unless told otherwise , is likely to use generic sample data or even random text for layout purposes .
It 's better for both parties if you supply realistic , meaningful sample data from the beginning - paying particular attention to extreme cases ( shortest possible , longest possible , etc . )
Present all the work up-front Go to extreme lengths to ensure the entire design job is described up-front , as for any job .
Adding things later will not only potentially incur disproportionate costs , but will also be harder to schedule , and could have knock-on effects on already-completed design work .
As a developer , you 're fully aware of the huge cost of late-stage changes - the same applies to design .
Remember design constraints Your designer will create their best work to meet your specifications , so it 's important that those specifications are accurate - including limitations .
Screen size , orientations , font licensing , required branding colours/liveries , available space for ads or other static elements unrelated to primary content , and so forth .
Think carefully about the constraints for the design , and ensure your designer is aware of them from the start .
Professionalism Be responsive It 's to your financial and professional advantage to be responsive when your designer presents work for feedback , or asks a question .
Design is n't something that should be done after development , nor even during :
ideally , a completed spec is followed by a design , which is followed by implementation - so devote due time and diligence to working with your designer .
Don't assume it 's easy The bane of a developer 's life is that non-developers assume that programming is easy .
A change to a feature , supporting multiple things instead of just one thing , or changing how something works - we often have to explain the effort involved , and justify the resulting cost .
The same applies to design , so resist the temptation to assume that a change must be easy or quick simply because it 's " just " visual .
Don't micro-manage Your designer is a professional , and their discipline isn't measured by the same metrics that so irritate developers ( code check-ins , lines of code per day , tickets resolved , etc . )
Designers must often allow ideas to develop , to experiment with approaches , or to step back from a problem for a short while to get fresh perspective .
Progress in a design is n't quite as readily measurable as with programming .
Allow time for the creative process , and let your designer present you with a coherent , consistent and fully-developed piece of work when it's ready .
Use the same tools Wherever feasible , have the same tools as your designer - at least to the extent of avoiding undue inconvenience on either side .
For a professional developer , a copy of Photoshop is n't going to break the bank , and can be a very wise investment when it comes to re-doing artwork cut-ups on a deadline if your original designer is n't available .
At the very least , have something that's sufficiently up-to-date that your designer does n't have to jump through hoops to work with you .
Speak the same language Just as your designer accepts the responsibility to provide graphic cut-ups from her design for you , you should similarly accept the responsibility for translation between the design work and the programming world .
If you have peculiar file-naming requirements , take care of them yourself later .
If you need colours in hex format for CSS , or in RGB zero-to-one format for use in code , do those conversions yourself , and don't needlessly complicate your designer 's life .
Omit or translate terminology that won't necessarily make sense outside of your implementation work .
Allow use as a portfolio piece If your designer is particularly proud of their work for you , they 'll ask to use it as a portfolio piece .
Allow them to do so .
It 's the decent and sensible thing to do , and it 's free marketing for both of you . It also reinforces mutual goodwill between the two of you ,
which will be useful when it comes time to commission the next design job when your designer has a busy schedule .
Business matters
Pay on time Pay your designer on time , without excuses .
Their payment schedule is independent of your developer process and release date .
As soon as you 're happy with the work , pay whatever remains of the bill in full .
For extra goodwill , and where feasible , pay immediately instead of according to the invoice 's due date .
Don't condone spec work
Spec work is work done before payment is agreed upon ( and often without any guarantee of payment . )
There are many websites where you can submit a design brief and a budget , and designers will then create work to fit your brief ( to a greater or , usually , lesser extent . )
You 'll then choose the piece you like , pay that person the fee , and everyone else gets no payment at all for their work .
This is a terrible , destructive , unsustainable way to do business , and it 's actively damaging to the entire industry .
Do not invite or support spec work , in any form . Instead , do your research about designers you 'd like to use ( getting personal recommendations , and requested portfolio examples , ) then choose a designer , put a contract in place , and work with them .
Understand the model Commonly , you 'll receive one ( or perhaps a small number more ) design to fit your brief , and will be entitled to one or more rounds of changes or refinements to that design , as part of the agreed-upon fee .
Any further concepts , designs , rounds of changes or other extra work beyond that will incur extra cost .
That 's an entirely normal , reasonable and fair system , and it 's the reality of the design industry .
The way you offset the uncertainty of extra cost for design changes is to present a complete and accurate brief at the beginning , and to be responsive to your designer during the process .
By contrast , you do not complain about the basic model , or expect unreasonable amounts of design hours for a flat fee .
Source code is extra In the majority of cases , the " output " of development work is the source code for the app or website ;
the product and the inner workings are one and the same .
Thus , in most cases ( though by no means all ) for contract development/programming , what you're selling is the source code .
That is n't quite so true in the design industry .
The " output " of a design is the graphic work , in a format suitable for use - commonly PNGs , EPS files , PDFs , perhaps JPEGs , or some other such thing .
It 's not so common for the actual work files ( Photoshop PSDs , Illustrator AIs , etc ) to be included in the fee - indeed , it's normal for those to cost significantly more .
This is normal , and equitable - if you need them , be aware that it 'll cost extra , and be willing to pay it .
Final thoughts
As I said in my previous article , design and development are two inseparable halves of the process of creating quality software .
Professionals on both sides should always strive to work together as effectively and respectfully as possible .
Feel free to follow me (@ mattgemmell ) to keep up to date with new articles here , or subscribe to the RSS feed .
Likewise , do feel free to share your own thoughts on design , development , and how the two fields fit together .
One Sunday morning Michelle and her daughters decided to sample the city 's famous shops .
There was only one problem : the shops were all firmly ferms ( French secularism is mysteriously suspended when it comes to observing the Sabbath . )
Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's president , had to call a few places personally and ask them to open .
Europe 's greatest achievement is supposed to be its single market .
But actually taking advantage of that market can be frustrating .
Retailing is a mess of restrictive practices and cultural oddities .
Continental Europe boasts plenty of charming boulangeries and confiteras .
But charm costs time and money .
You may have to visit six or seven shops to fill your shopping bag  and one or two will inevitably be closed .
Parisian butchers close on Tuesday afternoons and Thursdays  and whenever else the proprietor decides to put a " fermeture exceptionelle " sign in the window .
Europe has some mighty supermarkets , to be sure .
But they are often built in the middle of nowhere , due to restrictive planning laws .
Many appear to have been built from Soviet-era blueprints , and to have staff who go out of their way to demonstrate that they hate you .
" When stores start to smell like that in America " , one shopper commented after a visit to a hypermarket near Bordeaux , " we just pull them down " .
Restrictive practices are everywhere you look .
Food and soft drinks cost 28% more in Belgium than in the Netherlands .
Over-the-counter drugs can cost five times as much in one European country as in another ( if you can buy them at all : Germany and Italy bar the sale of pharmaceuticals by non-pharmacies . )
Shoes cost 30% more in Montenegro , a relatively poor country , than in Britain , a relatively rich one .
European shoppers are starting to revolt .
On January 30th Carrefour , Europe 's biggest retailer , announced that it is replacing its boss , Lars Olofsson , with Georges Plassat , an outsider . This comes after years of stagnant sales .
Mr Olofsson had tried to revive Carrefour with beauty zones and organic food , but nothing worked :
the company 's share price fell by 37 % last year .
And Carrefour 's problems are a mere rumble compared with the earthquake that is about to hit European retail .
E-commerce will make a reality of the single market by giving consumers the power to browse across a club of 500m people .
This will be hugely disruptive :
those boulangeries and hypermarchs are collectively one of the biggest employers in Europe .
So far Europeans have been slow to grasp the potential of e-commerce .
A mere 3.4% of Europe 's products and services are sold via the web , compared with 4.6% in the United States , and only 8.8% of European e-commerce flows across borders .
Germany , where service in shops is often dire , has been particularly obdurate .
But things are changing .
E-commerce has been growing much faster than the rest of the industry .
The European Commission calculates that the proportion of Europeans who bought something online in the past year increased from 20% to 40% between 2004 and 2010 .
Britain 's Centre for Retail Research predicts that Europe 's online market will grow by 16 % this year .
Popular attitudes are evolving :
hard times are making Europeans more price-conscious .
And familiarity with the internet is soothing old fears about how trustworthy e-commerce is .
Europeans are well-equipped to take advantage of new forms of e-commerce , such as shopping by mobile phone .
Europe is a smartphone superpower :
48 % of Spaniards have the gadgets , as do nearly as many Britons and Italians .
A handful of European companies are becoming market leaders in e-commerce .
France 's Vente-Privee , an online hawker of designer goods , has pioneered exclusive " private sales " to make members feel special .
It sells more than  1 billion - worth of fancy baubles a year .
Italy 's Yoox Group delivers selections of clothes to customers by FedEx , waits while they try them on and takes back what they do n't want .
Bricks-and-mortar stores are furiously adapting .
Marks &amp; Spencer , a traditional British store , now sells knickers and superior cakes by smartphone .
John Lewis , another British chain , shifts tonnes of furniture online and is known for good service .
On January 11th the European Commission announced that creating a " digital single market " and toppling barriers to cross-border e-commerce is one of its priorities .
The commission says it wants e-commerce to double its share of retail sales to 6.8% by 2015 .
More importantly , the biggest e-tailers are investing huge sums to grab market share .
Amazon 's poor results this week reflect its willingness to sacrifice short-term profits for growth .
There will be losers .
Retailers employ 17.4m Europeans , many of them young , unskilled and unlikely to find other work .
A fifth of small businesses in Europe are shops , and many Europeans treasure the culture of the little corner store .
It cannot be long before the anti-Walmart crowd turn their fire on eBay and Amazon .
But the winners will outnumber the losers .
When you shop online , it costs less and someone else delivers it all to your door .
This is more agreeable than pushing a trolley round Tesco while your children knock over the soup display .
The commission calculates that if obstacles to e-commerce are removed and it grows to 15% of the retail sector , the gains in " consumer welfare " could amount to  204billion ( $ 267billion , ) or 1.7% of GDP .
Some of Europe 's small shops will give up the battle with giant supermarkets and reinvent themselves as stylish showcases for e-commerce .
Oddly enough , the old continent 's best chance of preserving its cultural traditions lies with harnessing new technology , not ignoring it .
Writing a few decades after the deaths of the two greatest writers of the Elizabethan and Jacobean era , the poet and critic John Dryden came clean about his feelings toward both .
" I admire him " , he wrote of Ben Jonson , " but I love Shakespeare " .
If in the context of literary history admiration can be said to entail sustained academic interest , and love to consist of centuries of popularity among both scholars and laymen alike , Dryden seems to have spoken for posterity .
Jonson was the more celebrated and multifariously accomplished figure during his time and in the years immediately after his death in 1637 , but his plays are produced relatively rarely today  only " Volpone " and " The Alchemist " are widely known  and his poetry is read more rarely still .
Shakespeare has emerged as the great genius of the age , the author of plays that will hold the stage as long as there are stages to hold , and a cycle of sonnets that are almost equally prized .
The contrasting lives  and posthumous fates  of Jonson and Shakespeare are a minor but recurring theme in the deeply researched but happily readable new biography of Jonson by Ian Donaldson , entitled " Ben Jonson : A Life " .
A general editor of the forthcoming seven-volume " Cambridge Edition of the Works of Ben Jonson " , Donaldson has a case to make that , despite the Shakespearean eclipse , Jonson was as central to the development of the British theater as Shakespeare was  in some ways perhaps more so , at least during the years in which their plays were first produced .
Jonson " would do much to transform the status of the dramatic author in early modern England , boldly asserting his moral dignity , critical authority and quasi-legal rights of textual ownership " , Donaldson writes .
" Above all , he would make the dramatic author a visible figure  nominally visible on the title pages of his works , imaginatively visible through the language of his own dramatic creations " .
Shakespeare 's comparative invisibility during his lifetime has certainly posed intractable problems in the centuries since his death , as the eternal and tedious arguments over the authorship of his plays illustrate .
Had he the foresight to make himself the colorful and combative public figure Jonson was  jailed several times , famed for insobriety , sometime friend and sometime foe of the mighty names of his age  we would not be plagued by the rankling theories of the Oxfordians that still clamor today .
After a prologue that seems to protest a little much in insisting , contrary to general belief , that the Jonson biographer faces many of the same " puzzles and excitements " that challenge writers on Shakespeare , Donaldson begins his book midstride , almost literally , with Jonson marching out of London on a journey to Scotland undertaken entirely on foot .
It was 1618 and he was 46 , and already a literary figure of sufficient renown that " along the road , local dignitaries , emissaries from the great houses , young people and old turn out to welcome him " .
Although much work and greater fame were still ahead of him , Jonson " had already emerged as Britain 's first literary celebrity " .
It is from these sketchy notes , for instance , that the image of Jonson as perhaps the first trash talker of literary London emerges , in his assessment that John Donne , the great poet and Jonson 's exact contemporary and friend , " deserved hanging " for " not keeping of accent " . More infamous : the imputation that Shakespeare " wanted art " .
Certainly Jonson was better read than Shakespeare , despite sharing relatively humble beginnings .
He was of Scottish descent  hence the road trip  and his birth is a matter of some conjecture , although the year was probably 1572 . ( Donaldson spends too long sifting the matter of an exact date in the summer , in an ample digression on astrology ) .
His father had died a month before his birth , and Jonson grew up in London as the stepson of a bricklayer , and would practice the trade himself , even after he began writing .
But his intelligence won him a place at a good school , and he was well versed in Latin , drawing on classical authors ( he particularly revered Horace ) as models throughout his career .
His theatrical beginnings came in early collaborations Jonson later disdained and excluded from the First Folio edition of his works , printed in 1616 .
One of them , the lost play " The Isle of Dogs " , occasioned his first stint in the clink , for sedition .
Satire , which would become a Jonson specialty as it never was for Shakespeare , was dangerous business in Elizabethan England .
Jacobean England , too :
Jonson would also write afoul of the Crown during James 's reign , when he was again imprisoned , along with his collaborators on the play " Eastward Ho " !
Donaldson notes that the surviving text gives little indication of what particularly offended the monarch , unless it was general ribbing of the Scottish knights who now peopled the court .
Kings and queens are notoriously touchy .
Despite these somewhat puzzling missteps , given his ambition and proximity to the centers of power , throughout his life Jonson made significant headway among the treacherous waters of the English court , a remarkable feat given the many strikes against him .
" He was a difficult , quarrelsome , vain , pedantically learned , hard-drinking member of the wrong faith , tainted with a criminal record " , Donaldson writes , as well as " a satirist of court manners " accused of sedition .
For all that , he became one of the most sought-after authors of masques , the elaborate entertainments combining poetry , music and dancing that were commissioned by the king and queen and various deep-pocketed aristocrats for special occasions and holidays .
He was forgiven much for his talent .
Jonson married many contradictions ( and a wife , of whom little is known and who plays virtually no role in this biography , ) and Donaldson delves into them all thoroughly .
He draws at length on recent scholarship , mostly for minor points , and is generous  perhaps overly so  in crediting other Jonson specialists . 
( Phrases like " Barbara Mowat has persuasively argued " and " Fredson Bowers has plausibly suggested " recur with numbing frequency , even though the book includes generous endnotes ) .
Because its subject is ever evolving  " Jonson , like his own creation , Volpone , moved with the agility of a player from one role to the next " , as Donaldson puts it  the book moves at a lively clip , despite the occasional excessive divagation into the byways of court politics and the troublesome matter of religion , which remained a volatile topic throughout Jonson 's life .
( After converting to Catholicism during Elizabeth 's reign  and being brought to court for recusancy , along with his wife  Jonson returned to the Anglican fold later in life ; on neither occasion does political expediency appear to have played any role ) .
Donaldson 's analysis of Jonson 's writings is necessarily condensed , given the sheer mass of words produced , but he makes incisive arguments for the great comedies of contemporary London life , and gives almost equal due to the now all-but-unknown historical dramas , " Sejanus His Fall " and " Catiline His Conspiracy " .
There are also generous selections from his poetry  much of it written to praise patrons  and descriptions of the masques on which he collaborated ( and quarreled ) with the architect and designer Inigo Jones .
Jonson 's writing contains a measure of quotable lines  " Drink to me only with thine eyes " is his  but because his sharpest gift was for savage satire , his plays lack the universal appeal of even Shakespeare 's slightest comedies . ( T . S . Eliot , an admirer of Jonson 's , wrote that his was " an art of caricature " , albeit " of great caricature , like Marlowe 's ) " .
His writings for the theater , Jonson once grumbled , gained him less than  200 in the course of his life .
He was often reduced to penury , and the humiliation of calling on his muses to plea for money in verse .
But while it was not a lucrative pursuit , he believed ardently in the importance of publishing his work , and was also instrumental in helping to usher Shakespeare 's First Folio into being .
His verses of praise published in the Folio end with a celebrated encomium :
" He was not of an age , but for all time " !
History has borne out the truth of this exclamation , obviously , but there is a brittle irony in the subsequent decline in repute of its author .
Jonson sought assiduously to play a great role on the public stage of his time , as a playwright , poet and general figure of literary renown , and he hoped that posterity would bring even greater glory .
But by the 18th century it was Shakespeare whose imaginative works captivated the English-speaking world .
As Donaldson wryly says , " Fame , whose uncertainty Jonson had always recognized , had proved to be an erratic friend " .
Because some of the statues are set deep into the ground , and because the heads on the statues are disproportionately large , many people ( myself included ) tend to think of them as just big heads . But the bodies ( generally not including legs , though there is at least one kneeling statue ) are there  in many cases , underground .
What 's even more interesting  there are petroglyphs ( rock markings ) that have been preserved below the soil level , where they have been protected from erosion .
This research report has been making the rounds ;
it discusses recent progress by The Easter Island Statue Project to uncover , study , and catalogue two statues .
It includes ( among the dry details of the research ) a day-by-day journal of the work , as well as remarkable photographs showing the petroglyphs and team members excavating .
Above is an image from a previous excavation ( source unknown ) that shows you the scale of the statues , and how deep they were buried .
( Note : visitors are prohibited from climbing on the Moai ; the expedition pictured above appears to predate the EISP and the current practice of conservation ) .
For more on the Easter Island statues , read more about the EISP , read their extensive research reports , and check out the Wikipedia page on Moai ( which also discusses the fairly well-known fact that many of the statues used to have hats or possibly topknots , known as pukao ) .
Also interesting is the back story of archaeology on Easter Island ( also known as Rapa Nui ) ;
apparently the island has been the subject of archaeological research for 119 years .
After three decades of torrid growth , China is encountering an unfamiliar problem with its newly struggling economy : a huge buildup of unsold goods that is cluttering shop floors , clogging car dealerships and filling factory warehouses .
The glut of everything from steel and household appliances to cars and apartments is hampering China 's efforts to emerge from a sharp economic slowdown .
It has also produced a series of price wars and has led manufacturers to redouble efforts to export what they cannot sell at home .
The severity of China 's inventory overhang has been carefully masked by the blocking or adjusting of economic data by the Chinese government  all part of an effort to prop up confidence in the economy among business managers and investors .
But the main nongovernment survey of manufacturers in China showed on Thursday that inventories of finished goods rose much faster in August than in any month since the survey began in April 2004 .
The previous record for rising inventories , according to the HSBC / Markit survey , had been set in June .
May and July also showed increases .
" Across the manufacturing industries we look at , people were expecting more sales over the summer , and it just didn't happen " , said Anne Stevenson-Yang , the research director for J Capital Research , an economic analysis firm in HongKong .
With inventories extremely high and factories now cutting production , she added , " Things are kind of crawling to a halt " .
Problems in China give some economists nightmares in which , in the worst case , the United States and much of the world slip back into recession as the Chinese economy sputters , the European currency zone collapses and political gridlock paralyzes the United States .
China is the world 's second-largest economy and has been the largest engine of economic growth since the global financial crisis began in 2008 .
Economic weakness means that China is likely to buy fewer goods and services from abroad when the sovereign debt crisis in Europe is already hurting demand , raising the prospect of a global glut of goods and falling prices and weak production around the world .
Chinese export growth , a mainstay of the economy for the last three decades , has slowed to a crawl .
Imports have also practically stopped growing , particularly for raw materials like iron ore for steel making , as industrialists have lost confidence that they will be able to sell if they keep factories running .
Real estate prices have slid sharply , although there have been hints that they might have bottomed out in July , and money has been leaving the country through a variety of legal and illegal channels .
Interviews with business owners and managers across a wide range of Chinese industries presented a picture of mounting stockpiles of unsold goods .
Business owners who manufacture or distribute products as varied as dehumidifiers , plastic tubing for ventilation systems , solar panels , bedsheets and steel beams for false ceilings said that sales had fallen over the last year and showed little sign of recovering .
" Sales are down 50 percent from last year , and inventory is piled high " , said To Liangjian , the owner of a wholesale company distributing picture frames and cups , as he paused while playing online poker in his deserted storefront here in southeastern China .
Wu Weiqing , the manager of a faucet and sink wholesaler , said that his sales dropped 30 percent in the last year and he has piled up extra merchandise .
Yet the factory supplying him is still cranking out shiny kitchen fixtures at a fast pace .
" My supplier 's inventory is huge because he cannot cut production  he does n't want to miss out on sales when the demand comes back " , he said .
Premier Wen Jiabao has imposed a strict ban on purchases of second and subsequent homes , in the hope that discouraging real estate speculation will improve the affordability of homes .
The ban has resulted in a steep decline in residential real estate prices , a sharp fall in housing construction and widespread job losses among construction workers .
At the same time , the municipal government in Guangzhou , one of China 's largest cities , has sharply reduced this summer the number of new car registrations it allows so as to reduce traffic congestion and air pollution .
Municipal officials from all over China have been flocking to Guangzhou to ask for details .
Xi'an , the metropolis of northwestern China , has already announced this month that it will limit car registrations , although it has not settled on the details .
The Chinese auto industry has grown tenfold in the last decade to become the world 's largest , looking like a formidable challenger to Detroit .
But now , the Chinese industry is starting to look more like Detroit in its dark days in the 1980s .
Inventories of unsold cars are soaring at dealerships across the nation , and the Chinese industry 's problems show every sign of growing worse , not better .
So many auto factories have opened in China in the last two years that the industry is operating at only about 65 percent of capacity  far below the 80 percent usually needed for profitability .
Yet so many new factories are being built that , according to the Chinese government 's National Development and Reform Commission , the country 's auto manufacturing capacity is on track to increase again in the next three years by an amount equal to all the auto factories in Japan , or nearly all the auto factories in the United States .
" I worry that we 're going down the same road the U.S. went down , and it takes quite some time to fix that " , said Geoff Broderick , the general manager of Asian operations at J . D . Power &amp; Associates , the global consulting firm .
Automakers in China have reported that the number of cars they sold at wholesale to dealers rose by nearly 600,000 units , or 9 percent , in the first half of this year compared to the same period last year .
Yet dealerships ' inventories of new cars rose 900,000 units , to 2.2million , from the end of December to the end of June .
While part of the increase is seasonal , auto analysts say that the data shows that retail sales are flat at best and most likely declining  a sharp reversal for an industry accustomed to double-digit annual growth .
" Inventory levels for us now are very , very high " , said Huang Yi , the chairman of Zhongsheng Group , China 's fifth-largest dealership chain .
" If I had n't done special offers in the first half of this year , my inventory would be even higher " .
Manufacturers have largely refused to cut production , and are putting heavy pressure on dealers to accept delivery of cars under their franchise agreements even though many dealers are struggling to find places to park them or ways to finance their swelling inventories .
This prompted the government-controlled China Automobile Dealers Association to issue a rare appeal to automakers earlier this month .
" We call on manufacturers to be highly concerned about dealer inventories , and to take timely and effective measures to actively digest inventory , especially taking into account the financial strain on distributors , as manufacturers have to provide the necessary financing support to help dealers ride out the storm " , the association said .
Officially , though , most of the inventory problems are a nonissue for the government .
The Public Security Bureau , for example , has halted the release of data about slumping car registrations .
Data on the steel sector has been repeatedly revised this year after a new method showed a steeper downturn than the government had acknowledged .
And while rows of empty apartment buildings line highways outside major cities all over China , the government has not released information about the number of empty apartments since 2008 .
Yet businesspeople in a wide range of industries have little doubt that the Chinese economy is in trouble .
" Inventory used to flow in and out " , said Mr. Wu , the faucet and sink sales manager .
" Now , it just sits there , and there 's more of it " .
Have a look at these adorable little fellas giving high five and saying hello to the whole world !
They look so cute and friendly you simply can't resist admiring them .
I hope you 'll like this photo collection .
Days later , mystery still shrouds stock market 's ' flash crash '
Five days after the US stock market went haywire , securities regulators said Tuesday they have no solid answers about what went wrong .
But regulators and stock market executives , appearing before a congressional panel , said they 'll pursue new " circuit breakers " designed to reduce the risk of a repeat in the kind of unusual volatility that left investors amazed and exasperated last Thursday .
The event at issue has been called by some the " flash crash " .
US Stock prices had fallen more than 2 percent by early afternoon Thursday , but then the plunge suddenly and inexplicably accelerated .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was soon down more than 8 percent .
Then , just as suddenly , share prices surged upward and the market closed with a roughly 3 percent loss for the day .
" I think we would all agree that the market did not [ work " , ] said Lawrence Leibowitz , chief operating officer of NYSE Euronext , which operates the New York Stock Exchange .
In fact , the erratic trading on May 6 is exposing two sides of Wall Street that both are disturbing to some investors .
First , exchanges have become so complex that even insiders can not easily explain the kind of mayhem that occurred Thursday .
( Even blue chip stocks including Procter and Gamble plunged as much as 30 percent in a few minutes ) .
Second , for all the mysteries , Wall Street has a public-relations challenge , as the investigation amplifies concerns about whether computerized trading by sophisticated firms is helping or harming America 's capital markets .
" To what extent do you agree with the view that these high-frequency traders are just parasites on the market " ?
Rep . Brad Sherman ( D ) of California asked Mary Schapiro , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
So far , the practice of high-frequency trading , in which firms seek to take advantage of profit opportunities that last for fractions of a second , has not been implicated as a cause of Thursdays mini-crash .
But Ms. Schapiro said the SEC is working to assess the role of these trades , and how they affect the markets .
She said the inquiry into May 6 so far has not found evidence that the cause involved computer hackers , cyber terrorists , of a big investor making an erroneous trade due to a " fat finger " on the keyboard .
She also downplayed the view that trading in so-called E-mini contracts ( a trade in stock-index futures ) played a key role .
Commodity-market regulator Gary Gensler , although he also did not label E-mini as the leading cause , reported that one trader in those contracts was selling short ( betting on a decline ) and accounted for about 9 percent of E-mini trades between 2 : 32 and 2 : 51 p.m. on Thursday .
" The trader sold on the way down and continued to do so even as the price level recovered " , said Mr. Gensler of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , in his prepared testimony .
" This trader and others have executed hedging strategies of similar size previously " .
US stock markets already have so-called circuit breakers , designed to create a time-out during periods of unusual volatility .
But the May 6 experience suggests that additional breakers are needed , with a focus on individual stocks rather than the broad market , the regulators said .
Thursday saw 66 million trades , Schapiro said  far more than was typical in 1987 when the stock market had a severe one-day crash .
Gensler added that the role of computer technology is exponentially greater on Wall Street than it was then .
For all the talk of so-called program trading back then , it was " nothing like what we have now " , he said .
" We will get to the bottom of this " , Schapiro said regarding the May 6 events , but " that 's going to take time " .
While emphasizing the mystery that remains unsolved , both regulators and exchange executives told lawmakers that Thursday 's trading was influenced by turbulent news from Europe , as investors looked at images of protests in Athens related to the Greek debt crisis .
Schapiro also said the SEC will look into how exchanges cope with the aftermath of a day like Thursday .
Some trades are " busted " ( canceled ) after the fact when the exchange finds highly abnormal market behavior .
But Schapiro acknowledged that the process is not transparent and is " highly unsatisfying " for investors .
NASA to Go Boldly to the Bottom of the Sea
Two astronauts , a veteran undersea engineer and an experienced scientist will soon find themselves in the ocean depths off the east coast of Florida in a mock space mission ,
to test exploration concepts and learn more about working in an unforgiving , treacherous environment .
NASA on Tuesday announced the 14th expedition , which is part of NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations , or NEEMO .
The 14-day undersea mission is scheduled to begin May 10 . Canadian Space Agency astronaut Chris Hadfield , a veteran spacewalker , will lead the NASA expedition to the Aquarius Underwater Laboratory , which rests more than 62 feet ( 18 meters ) below the ocean's surface off the coast of Key Largo in the Florida Keys .
The NEEMO 14 mission will use the ocean floor to simulate aspects of another planet's surface and a low-gravity environment .
In October 2009 , a team of aquanauts prepared for the NEEMO 14 expedition by placing mock-ups of a lander , rover and small crane that simulates a robotic arm near the Aquarius laboratory .
Classical China By Johnni Wong A German collector's obsession with postcards on China and the Chinese has been turned into a ' weighty ' book that documents a proud legacy .
When it comes to collecting old postcards of China and Chinatowns , there are few who are as passionate as Kuala Lumpur-based German collector Thomas Brandt .
He has not only amassed over 9,000 antique and vintage postcards but has even published an oversized , 2.4kg book to document part of his collection .
Unlike eclectic collectors , Brandt , 43 , the general manager of the Malaysian German Chamber of Commerce in KL , tasked himself with selecting postcards that depict the social life , landscape and other fascinating scenes of old China .
Hence , the title of the book , China in Those Days ( www.io.com/goasia ) , which has both Chinese and English texts .
" Those days " refer to the period between 1894-1914 when such postcards were printed and circulated .
Brandt's invaluable collection is probably one of the largest in the world and includes many rare gems .
The book also depicts scenes of Chinatowns in far-flung places like San Francisco , New York and Los Angeles , as well as in countries like Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia and Vietnam .
The scenes from Malaya include a rubber plantation , Chinese temples , tin mining in Perak , tobacco planting and pineapple-picking in Penang , as well as fine buildings and boats with cargo .
Rise of China But why would a German economist who studied macro-economics of all things be so enamoured with old China ?
" My passion for this hobby is related to my interest in Asian and Chinese history , and spurred by the opening up of China and its rise in the world " , says Brandt .
" China 's outlook has changed tremendously over the last decade .
The country and its business people have reason to be proud of their ancient history and the recent developments .
The world 's future will be much more Chinese !
So the book focuses on China , and likewise the impact and significance of the Chinese communities in other countries which is often overlooked " , he says .
Brandt , who has to-date written four books , was motivated to share his postcard collection with others interested in Chinese history and culture .
Apparently , 30% of the images have not been seen in China .
" Previously , I thought I would work on this huge collection when I had more time to pursue my hobby .
Finally , I decided to go for it , when the ' China momentum ' was at its peak with the Beijing Olympics and the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai " .
Brandt spent over 15 years collecting the postcards from diverse places , including Europe , often tracking down rare images through the Internet and spending all his spare cash sourcing for them .
The book's concept , research , writing and eventual publication took four years to complete .
Over 1,600 postcards were selected for the book , and among them are many of his favourites .
" The collection is arguably the world 's largest historical picture collection on ancient China and the Chinese overseas .
But the accompanying text on Chinese culture and history reaches back 5,000 years " , Brandt points out .
The majority of the postcards selected for the book originate from the period 1900-1914 , referred to as the " Golden Age of Postcards . "
Exotic Was n't China depicted in these postcards in a romanticised fashion common in those days of portraying " exotic " Asians ?
" True , indeed " , says Brandt , " We look through the lenses of European visitors , of colonisers , missionaries with certain targets but also , through researchers and scientists .
Nevertheless , such ' colonial images , ' might be only 10% and they are clearly outnumbered by the many others , such as the architectural scenes of towns , pagodas and the landscape as well as cultural images on foot-binding , teahouses , etc " .
Brandt points out that his collection reflects a great heritage for the Chinese with historical significance .
" Very often , only a single image is left as no duplicate of the printed photographs and lithographic prints survived .
Specifically , old postcards on Asia are relatively rare , due to the fact that early production was mainly in Europe " , explains Brandt .
Many such postcards which were originally sourced in Asia were sent by Europeans to family and friends back home or brought to Europe in large ledger-albums as keepsake .
Is n't it also true that among the things that interested European studio photographers was portraying the Chinese engaging in bad habits such as opium smoking and gambling ?
" In those days , knowledge of the other parts of the world was limited ;
no TV , ( Skype ) Telecons or Internet existed .
Radio and photography had just been introduced but were not affordable for the ordinary people .
Hence , one did not know anything or much of what happened on the other side of the world , or even how people , towns and the natural environment looked on the other side of the world . "
Westerners then had n't seen any palm tree , tiger , elephant or strange-looking Asian people or faces .
And likewise , the other way around .
Postcards brought the world a little closer , at a time before air travel was possible to the exotic East .
Improved modes of transport and infrastructure enabled society 's elite to travel to the world , and with that , the world 's communication was revolutionised .
" For the first time , pictures were sent around the world on a wider scale .
They fuelled people 's interest in conducting extensive travels and in-depth research in other parts of the world " , opines Brandt .
Corporate support Brandt says the title of his book is a " catchy choice " designed to attract readers .
" But , in fact , the contents go far beyond the title .
Mainland China 's culture and town scenes make up 80% of the book and the remaining 20% focuses on the Chinese overseas .
Furthermore , the text concentrates on Chinese history from the early beginnings and also covers Chinese culture .
The title is a bit romantic and it relates to my previous bestseller , Asia in Those Days , which focuses on the history of Europeans in Asia " .
According to Brandt , over 70 international corporations from China , Europe and South-East Asia supported his effort by placing advance orders for the book .
Was any authority on Chinese history or culture consulted before the book was published ?
" Certainly , for example , China 's best known specialist on pagodas wrote the chapter on ' Pagodas ' and for the chapter on ' Peking ' another specialist joined in .
Besides a few other consultations , I wrote 95% of the book " , Brandt explains .
" As the Chinese are very particular about their own great culture , hardly anyone in the early stages of producing this book would believe that a Mat Salleh ( Malaysian slang for a European ) could do well in this topic .
Hence , the compliments , especially from the Chinese , on this book make me feel good .
Some even say that an outsider could cover the topic better due to his neutrality on the subject " .
In his research , Brandt says , he relied on literary references , " personal consultations " with specialists from China and around the world .
He also made several trips to China and utilised the Internet .
After the English manuscript was edited , it was translated into Chinese in Beijing before going for another round of editing in Chinese .
The author is happy with the results but , " the decision to publish it in Chinese and English , restricted me from featuring more of my beloved postcards .
Only one-fifth of my collection is featured in the book .
It was a difficult selection process to leave out so many " , he sighs .
Printed in Germany on the best Italian paper , with the edges gold-plated by hand , the book comes with a special marker with a magnifier .
Each copy of the 336 page book is signed by the author .
The weighty book , which spans 30cm x 29.7cm , and is 3.8cm thick , costs a hefty RM640 due to huge costs involved in producing it .
As for a sequel , Brandt says he has " nothing concrete in plans . "
As it were , getting this book published took up all his free time , including weekends , public holidays and annual vacation breaks , so he needs a long break .
" China has recently shed light on its great history and culture , and the past is again a great asset , something to be proud of , far removed from the time in which books , postcards and stamp collections were burnt on the street .
And I consider myself privileged to have been part of the preservation of such a great cultural heritage " .
Key Question :
How Much Is Enough ?
Every Wednesday is Simplicity Day on Zen Habits .
When I published the Simple Living Manifesto last week , I mentioned the concept of " enough . "
It 's one of the most important concepts in simplifying your life , and in frugality .
We often want more than we have now .
More money , more gadgets , better furniture , a better house , a better car , more clothes , more shoes , more success .
And what happens when we get more ?
We are n't satisfied , because there are new ads for new iPods , for new laptops , for new iPhones , for new cars , for new clothes .
We have to have those .
It 's impossible to satisfy that hunger for more , because our culture is not satisfied with what we have , but is geared to wanting more .
It 's consumerism , and it 's the official religion of the industrialized world .
That sounds preachy , so let 's move beyond that :
ask yourself how much is enough , how much do you need in order to be satisfied ?
I submit that the answer is that we already have enough  possibly more than enough .
What does " enough " mean ?
Enough doesn 't mean the just bare necessities of life .
That would be food , water , shelter and clothing .
It could be a house with a bed , a table , a chair , a place for food storage and preparation , a toilet , perhaps a shower .
That 's not really enough .
Enough means having enough to live , and enough to be happy , and enough to thrive .
For me , as I get extreme happiness from writing and blogging , I would need a computer .
Perhaps I could use the public library 's computer , but in any case " enough " would include some access to a computer .
For others , enough would mean the need for tools such as a notebook and pens , musical instruments , video technology , or a camera .
Enough would also mean food beyond just survival food  food that makes us happy , but not so much food that we are being excessive and gorging ourselves .
Enough could include cars , if those are necessary , but for some people it wouldn 't necessarily mean owning a car , especially if they don 't have kids and live close enough to the things they need , such as a grocery store or work .
Enough could include watching DVDs , if that makes you happy .
It could mean an iPod , if you need that to be happy .
How to find " enough " and apply it to life Consider the following when thinking about the concept of enough , and how it applies to your life :
1 . What are the main things that make you happy ?
Are they material things , or are they people , or activities ?
Knowing the answer to this question can give you some insight into what material things you actually need beyond the bare necessities , in order to be happy .
2 . What do you need to thrive ?
You don 't want to just survive , you want to thrive .
You want to be good at what you do , and do what you love .
You want to be passionate about the things you do , and be successful at them .
What do you need in order to do that ?
How many tools or material things do you need to thrive ?
3 . What do you need to survive at a comfortable level ?
You need to survive , of course , but you probably don 't want to be miserable as you survive .
A comfortable bed is probably important ( although I 've had great success with a futon , so a " comfortable bed " doesn 't have to be an expensive one , ) but how many extra trimmings does that bed need in order to be comfortable ?
How nice do the sheets need to be ?
Examine your ideas of comfort and then see what 's really necessary for that comfort .
Sometimes you 'll realize that only a minimum of things are needed for real comfort .
4 . What do you have beyond those things needed for survival , comfort , happiness , and thriving ?
Take a look around you , and think about everything in your home .
How much of it goes beyond these things that make up the concept of " enough ? "
Do you really need them , or do they go beyond enough ?
5 . What do you desire that goes beyond enough  beyond what 's needed for survival , comfort , happiness , and thriving ?
We all want things we don 't have .
What are they , and are they needed to have " enough ? "
Why do you want them ?
Can you be happy , comfortable , and thriving without them ?
And if so , how can you give up your desire for those things ?
6 . If you didn 't want to have more than enough , could you work less ?
Do you really need all the income you bring in , or is much of it to support a lifestyle that includes more than enough ?
Or no car at all .
Or you might have an expensive home when it 's really more than enough .
Or credit card debt from too many trips , too much shopping , too much eating out .
If you didn 't spend all that money , and didn 't always want more than enough , perhaps you wouldn 't need as much income .
There are almost certainly people living happily and comfortably on a lower income than yours .
7 . If you worked less , could you be happy with enough , and happier doing other things ?
If you didn 't have to work , you might be happy with just enough .
And you might enjoy working less .
It 's something to think about , anyway .
Also think about what you would do if you didn 't have to work .
Credit :
See also :
Bulletproof vests weren't invented by the army , or even the police . They 're the result of a brainwave by a beleaguered pizza delivery man in 1969 . Meet the average Joe who saved lives with a single bright idea .
It was July 21 , 1969 , the night after Apollo 11 headed for the moon , and Richard Davis , a former marine turned pizza shop owner , was held up while making a delivery in a rough part of Detroit .
His attackers had guns but so did he and , in the shootout that followed , he wounded two of them and was hit twice himself .
The event set him thinking about a way to give people , particularly police officers who found themselves in the same situation , a second chance .
With a roll of nylon and the straps from his car's seat belts he set about creating his first design for body armour that could be concealed beneath clothes .
Once he was certain that his vest worked , he toured police departments giving live demonstrations , shooting himself in the chest to prove the technology worked .
In August 1974 , he patented his second soft body armour design using Kevlar , which is 230% stronger than the nylon he originally used .
Second Chance Body Armour , as he called his company , went on to become a $ 50m business .
Subsequently it faced bankruptcy after introducing a new type of vest . Using zylon , it proved to be far less effective than the kevlar that came before it .
Despite his later travails , by saving hundreds of lives with an idea that sprang from that hijacked pizza delivery , Richard Davis remains a heroic inventor .
See him demonstrating his vests by taking a bullet in the video below .
And after you 've watched it , ask yourself :
Who invented the mechanical pencil ?
Since I seem to be related to the subject of the book , sometimes intimately , perhaps I will be forgiven if I open with a self-serving comment .
I very much appreciate the subtitle , Thought as Passion .
When I first moved to California , in 1983 , and stayed with Roger Walsh and Frances Vaughan in their lovely home in Tiburon , I became good friends with Rollo May , who at that time was seventy-five years old , but still vibrant , sharp , luminous .
Rollo was a true hero of mine , for many reasons .
First , he was a student and friend of Paul Tillich 's ,
and Tillich was one of the truly great existentialists , as well as one of the two or three finest theologians of the twentieth century .
Second , Rollo May was the major interpreter of existentialism for America , and especially of existential psychology .
Rollo was a living connection to the great European philosophers who had been formative for me .
( I have often described myself as a northern European thinker with a southern European lifestyle who practices Eastern religion -- or something like that .
" American " is not how I particularly think of myself , although , annoyingly , that is how Europeans think of me , which shows how hard it is to shake cultural embeddedness .
But really , Anglo - Saxon empiricism and cowboy pragmatism : who needs it ) ?
Third , Rollo was a wonderful human being , warm and witty and wise .
Here 's the self-serving comment .
On the cover of one of my books , Up from Eden , was a quote from Rollo : " Ken Wilber is the most passionate philosopher I know " .
Every now and then somebody has said something kind about my work , but that is still my favorite , especially since it came from Rollo , who , as a true existentialist , believed that passion and truth are close to identical .
I mention it now because Frank 's subtitle reminded me of that comment and how much it meant to me .
Philosophy , to have any meaning at all , must sizzle with passion , boil your brain , fry your eyeballs , or you 're just not doing it right .
And that applies to the other end of the spectrum of feelings as well .
Real philosophy is as gentle as fog and as quiet as tears ;
it holds the world as if it were a delicate infant , raw and open and vulnerable .
I sincerely hope that if I have brought anything to this field , it is a bit of passion .
The following book , although it purports to be about me and my work , is actually about an integral approach to philosophy , psychology , spirituality -- to the human condition on the whole .
It is true that this book is a chronicle of my own journey to what I hope are increasingly integral stances , but I believe that the only enduring parts of that journey are the ideas themselves , not the bearer of those ideas .
In this volume , Frank presents a summary of some of the phases of my work and his commentary on them .
Allow me to get the standard disclaimer out of the way , which is that , in fairness to other treatments of my work , I can not endorse any of them , including this one .
I have not read this book for accuracy ( except some of the biographical material , ) and thus I can not vouch for its soundness , nor can I respond to critics who use the interpretations given in this book .
Having said that , Frank Visser has certainly studied this material as carefully as anybody , and I am deeply appreciative of his efforts to make an integral approach more available to the public .
Whether or not this book represents my ideas accurately , it definitely represents ideas that need to be a part of any integral conversation , and for that reason alone , this is an invaluable contribution to the ongoing integral dialogue .
I myself have some friendly disagreements with Frank about many of these topics , but I always learn something important from him in our exchanges , and I believe you will , too .
The word integral means comprehensive , inclusive , nonmarginalizing , embracing .
Integral approaches to any field attempt to be exactly that -- to include as many perspectives , styles , and methodologies as possible within a coherent view of the topic .
In a certain sense , integral approaches are " meta-paradigms " , or ways to draw together an already existing number of separate paradigms into an interrelated network of approaches that are mutually enriching .
In consciousness studies , for example , there are at least a dozen different schools , but an integral approach insists that all twelve of them have important if partial truths that need to be included in any comprehensive account .
The same is true for the many schools of psychology , sociology , philosophy , anthropology , spirituality : they all are important pieces of the integral puzzle , and all of them need to be honored and included in a more comprehensive or integral approach .
I am often asked which of my own books I would recommend as an introduction ;
I still believe A Brief History of Everything is perhaps the best ( although A Theory of Everything is the probably the shortest and simplest . )
Brief History was written as a popular or more accessible version of Sex , Ecology , Spirituality ( SES , ) which was the first major statement of my own integral view .
The books prior to SES are preliminary explorations in integral studies , and , although many of them present what I hope are important pieces of an integral view , were I to summarize my work , I would not start before Sex , Ecology , Spirituality .
As I said , SES was the first book to outline my own version of integral studies ( which is sometimes called " AQAL " , short for " all quadrants , all levels , all lines , all states , all types . ) "
After presenting SES , I would discuss the earlier books only as they were useful in forming the subcomponents of a more integral theory .
The problem with chronological accounts of my work is that , in reliving earlier debates and dialogues , many of the terms as I now use them become irreversibly contaminated with the distortions of critics who at the time misunderstood what was being said .
I personally do not believe that those debates are of much historical interest , in that they are a history of distortions , not facts .
At the same time , as a story , the chronology is intriguing enough and has merit as a study in paradigm clashes , where all sides in the discussions ( including me ) had their fair share of misunderstandings .
The events leading up to SES , which was published in 1995 , may be of interest .
I had not written or published much for almost a decade , a decade largely devoted to caring for a wife who was diagnosed with cancer shortly after we were married ;
we had n't had a honeymoon when the shocking news arrived .
Treya and I were married in 1983 ;
she died in 1989 .
At her request , I wrote of our ordeal in Grace and Grit .
Apart from that , I had written little in ten years .
The events with Treya changed me deeply , profoundly , irrevocably .
I believe that SES represented , in part , the results of the combined growth that Treya and I did for each other .
We grew up together , we were enlightened together , and we died together .
All of my books up to SES always had a dedication .
Starting with SES , none of my books have had a dedication because all of them have been dedicated to her .
Whatever it was that happened , it was as if all the books I had written previously -- some ten or eleven of them -- were merely preparations , preliminary glimpses , or parts of an integral embrace still struggling to emerge .
It was as if the events that transpired with Treya allowed a growth in spirit , given by grace , that finally made enough room for me to even be able to see some of the integral horizons involved .
In any event , I know that all of the work I have done subsequently came out of a Heart that I alone did not discover .
My work is sometimes divided into four phases , with the latest ( phase - 4 ) being dated with SES and six or seven subsequent books .
I am often asked if there is a " phase - 5 " on the horizon , and I 'm not sure exactly what to say about that .
As Frank reports , I have in the last year written around 2000 pages , and I suppose some of that , which seems to be fairly novel , might qualify .
Since much of this material will be released only after Frank 's book is out , interested readers can see some of it posted at wilber.shambhala.com and integralinstitute.org , and you can decide for yourself whether it merits a high-sounding " phase - 5 " name or is simply rambling repetitions of earlier material .
Part of it does seem definitely new -- an integral semiotics , as well as an integral calculus , a form of mathematics that replaces variables with perspectives .
But who knows ?
The one thing I do know , and that I would like to emphasize , is that any integral theory is just that -- a mere theory .
I am always surprised , or rather shocked , at the common perception that I am recommending an intellectual approach to spirituality , when that is the opposite of my view .
Just because an author writes , say , a history of dancing , does not mean that the author is advocating that people stop dancing and merely read about it instead .
I have written academic treatises that cover areas such as spirituality and its relation to a larger scheme of things , but my recommendation is always that people take up an actual spiritual practice , rather than merely read about it .
An integral approach to dancing says , take up dancing itself , and sure , read a book about it , too .
Do both , but in any event , don't merely read the book .
That 's like taking a vacation to Bermuda by sitting at home and looking through a book of maps .
My books are maps , but please , go to Bermuda and see for yourself .
See for yourself if , in the depths of your own awareness , right here and now , you can find the entire Kosmos , because that is where it resides .
Birds are singing -- in your awareness .
Ocean waves are crashing -- in your awareness .
Clouds are floating by -- in the sky of your own awareness .
What is this awareness of yours , that holds the entire universe in its embrace and knows the secrets even of God ?
In the still point of the turning world , in the secret center of the known universe , in the eyes of the very one reading this page , at the very source of thought itself , watch the entire Kosmos emerge , dancing wildly with a passion philosophy tries to capture , crowned with a glory and sealed with a wonder lovers seek to share , rushing through a radiant world of time that is but eternity 's bid to be seen :
what is this Self of yours ?
An integral approach is merely an attempt to categorize , in conceptual terms , some of this glory as it manifests itself .
But it is no more than that .
Every one of my books has at least one sentence , usually buried , that says the following ( this is the version found in The Atman Project ) :
" There follows , then , the story of the Atman project .
It is a sharing of what I have seen ;
it is a small offering of what I have remembered ;
it is also the Zen dust you should shake from your sandals ;
and it is finally a lie in the face of that Mystery which only alone is " .
In other words , all of my books are lies .
They are simply maps of a territory , shadows of a reality , gray symbols dragging their bellies across the dead page , suffocated signs full of muffled sound and faded glory , signifying absolutely nothing .
And it is the nothing , the Mystery , the Emptiness alone that needs to be realized : not known but felt , not thought but breathed , not an object but an atmosphere , not a lesson but a life .
There follows a book of maps ; hopefully more comprehensive maps , but maps nonetheless .
Please use them only as a reminder to take up dancing itself , to inquire into this Self of yours , this Self that holds this page and this Kosmos all in a single glance .
And then express that glory in integral maps , and sing with passion of the sights you have seen , the sounds that the tender Heart has whispered only to you in the late hours of the quiet night , and come and join us and tell us what you have heard , in your own trip to Bermuda , in the vibrant Silence that you alone own , and the radiant Heart that we alone , together , can discover .
K . W . Denver , Colorado December 2002
Why so many start-ups fail ?
It is an uncomfortable fact of business life that four out of five start-ups end in failure .
With the economic downturn making things even tougher for new firms , how can you avoid the pitfalls that trap so many fledgling businesses ?
It is better to understand why they fail and make sure you do not make the same mistakes .
Although businesses fail for a multitude of reasons , the underlying issues are surprisingly common .
I 'm going to briefly address what , in my experience , are the five deadly sins of the start-up entrepreneur :
FAILURE TO SEE THE BIGGER PICTURE If you have your head down doing everything from sales and marketing to accounting , who has the overview required to steer the business on the right path ?
It is crucial that you work on the business - stepping back from the day to day to drive it forward .
To do that , you must delegate wherever possible the tasks that can be carried out by others - if you encourage , empower and motivate them the results will astound you .
FAILURE TO PLAN You would n't set out on an unfamiliar journey without a map , so it 's amazing how many businesses try to muddle through without a plan .
A good business plan will set targets against which you can benchmark your business - allowing you to make informed decisions about what to do next .
If you do n't have one , prepare a plan now , review it on a monthly basis against actual figures and constantly update it .
FAILURE TO MEASURE Too many business owners have little or no idea what the key numbers in their operation are .
These may not necessarily just be financial , and can include other quantitative measures such as sales conversion rates or website traffic statistics .
Successful businesses measure everything that moves and even things that do n't .
IGNORING THE CASH FLOW Whatever happens , cash will always be king .
When money is tight and business may not be as abundant as it once was , conserving your cash resources is critical .
Keep an eye on expenditure and watch credit control carefully .
STANDING STILL A wise man once told me that the definition of business insanity is to do the same thing this year as you did last year and expect a different result .
He was right .
Successful businesses innovate and change all the time - those that do n't are simply left behind .
Make no mistake , getting these basics wrong , or not doing them at all is a recipe for failure .
They are the solid foundations on which success is built and must be given the attention they deserve .
EPISODE 2 - OLDUVAI STONE CHOPPING TOOL
Olduvai stone chopping tool ( made 1.8 million years ago ) found in Olduvai Gorge , Tanzania , East Africa .
Perhaps the best thing of all about being Director of the British Museum , and one that still gives me the most enormous thrill is that , now and then , I 'm allowed to take some of the objects out of the cases and hold them .
And today I 'm being allowed to hold something absolutely astonishing .
I 've got to admit that if any of us saw this just lying on the ground , we 'd probably walk past it , but in fact it 's the oldest object in the British Museum , and it was made nearly two million years ago , in Africa .
It looks like a large , chipped grey cobble .
The naturalist and broadcaster Sir David Attenborough is , along with me , the latest hominid to handle it :
" Holding this , I can feel what it was like to be out on the African savannahs , needing to cut flesh for example , needing to cut into a carcass , in order to get a meal " .
This is one of the first things that humans ever consciously made .
And holding it puts me directly in touch with them .
In this history of the world that I 'm trying to tell through ' things , ' this chipped stone from Africa - from modern Tanzania - is where it all begins .
One of the points of any museum is to allow you to travel through time ,
but our understanding of just how much time there is for us to travel through has expanded dramatically since the British Museum opened its doors in 1759 .
At that point , most of the visitors would probably have agreed that the world had begun in 4004 BC , to be precise at the very beginning of Sunday 23 October .
This astonishingly exact date had been calculated by the mathematically-minded clergyman Archbishop Ussher , who preached just down the road in Lincoln's Inn .
Ussher had carefully trawled the Bible totting up the lifespan of everyone descended from Adam and Eve to reach his date
but , as you and I know , we do n't now celebrate 23 October as Start the World Day and that 's because , in the last couple of centuries , archaeologists , geologists and museum curators have steadily been pushing back the chronology of human history - back from Archbishop Ussher 's six thousand years to an almost unimaginable two million .
So if the scientists have been suggesting that Adam and Eve no longer stood at the beginning of human time in the Garden of Eden in 4004 BC , who did ?
And where ?
There are many theories , but no conclusive answers and certainly no conclusive date until 1931 , when a young archaeologist called Louis Leakey set off on a British Museum-sponsored expedition bound for Africa .
Leakey 's goal was Olduvai Gorge , a deep crack in the flat savannah of northern Tanzania , not far from the border with Kenya .
It 's part of the East African Rift Valley , a massive tear in the earth 's surface , thousands of miles long .
It was here that time had been frozen within exposed layers of geology where , as Leakey examined the rocks shaped by the sun , the wind and the rain on the savannahs , he reached a layer where the rocks were also shaped by something else - human hands .
They were found next to bones , and it was clear that these stones had been shaped into butchering tools to strip meat and break into the bones of animals killed on the savannah .
The layer where the tools were found was roughly two million years old .
This was archaeological dynamite .
Leakey 's excavations produced the oldest humanly made things anywhere in the world , and they demonstrated that not only human beings , but human culture , had begun in Africa .
Our stone chopping tool was one of the ones that Leakey found .
" Picking it up , your first reaction is it 's very heavy ,
and if it 's heavy of course it gives power behind your blow .
The second is that it fits without any compromise into the palm of the hand , and in a position where there is a sharp edge running from my forefinger to my wrist .
So I have in my hand now a sharp knife .
And what is more , it 's got a bulge on it so I can get a firm grip on the edge which has been chipped specially , which is sharp ..
I could perfectly effectively cut meat with this .
That 's the sensation I have that links me with the man who actually laboriously chipped it once , twice , three times , four times , five times on one side .
One , two , three .. three times at the other .
so eight specific actions by him , knocking it with another stone , to take off a flake , and to leave this almost straight line , which is a sharp edge " .
In the British Museum , we 've recently made a new chopping tool using the same techniques as would have been used in Olduvai Gorge .
If I now hold that new one in my hand , it becomes very clear how well you can use it to strike meat off an animal .
We do n't have any African wildebeests to hand , so I can try it using a bit of roast chicken .
But these chopping tools are marvellous and quick at getting the meat off the bone and then , with one sharp blow , I could break the bone and we 'd be able to get to the marrow .
But you can of course use a tool like this also to strip bark off trees or roots , so that you could eat them as well .
This is , in fact , a very very versatile kitchen implement .
The early humans who used chopping tools like this were probably not hunters themselves , but they were brilliant opportunists - they waited until lions , leopards or other beasts had killed their prey and then they moved in with their chopping tools , secured the meat and the marrow , and hit the protein jackpot .
Marrow fat does n't sound tremendously appetising , but it is hugely nutritious - fuel not just for physical strength but also for a large brain .
The brain is an extremely power-hungry mechanism .
Although it accounts for only 2 per cent of our body weight , it consumes 20 per cent of our entire energy intake , and it requires constant nourishment .
Our ancestors of nearly two million years ago , secured their future by being really rather sneaky .
When stronger , faster fiercer predators were at rest out of the heat , ' they ' were able to look for food .
Using tools like this one to obtain bone marrow , the most nutritious part of a carcass , they set in train an ancient virtuous circle .
This food for body and mind , meant that larger-brained individuals would survive to breed larger-brained children , capable in their turn of making ever more complex tools , and you and I are just the latest iteration of this continuing process .
Lots of animals use objects , particularly of course apes , but what sets us apart from them at this moment in our evolution is that , unlike them , we make tools before we need them .
And once we have used them we keep them to use again .
It 's the beginning of the tool box .
The human brain then carries on evolving steadily over thousands of years .
And what 's really interesting , is that our brain starts to become asymmetrical as it gets to grips with a whole range of different functions - logic , language , the co-ordinated movement needed for tool-making , imagination and creative thought - quite unlike the ape 's brain , which remains smaller and symmetrical .
So what we 're looking at in this chopping tool is the moment at which we became distinctly smarter and with an impulse not just to make things , but to imagine how we could make things ' better . '
" This object sits at the base of a process which has become almost obsessive amongst human beings .
This object is something created from a natural substance for a particular purpose , and in a particular way , with a notion in the maker 's mind of what he needed it for .
Is it more complex than was needed to actually serve the function which he used it for ?
Do you know , I think you could almost say it is .
Did he really need to do one , two , three , four , five chips on one side and four on the other ?
Could he have got away with two ?
I think he might have done so .
I think the man or woman who held this , made it just for that particular job and perhaps got some satisfaction from knowing that it was going to do it very effectively , very economically and very neatly .
In time , you 'd say he 'd done it beautifully but , maybe not yet .. the start of a journey " .
Without those extra chips on the edge of the chopping tool , this whole series would be impossible , because those chips tell us that right from the beginning , we - unlike other animals - have wanted to make things more complicated than they need to be .
You see , objects carry powerful messages about their makers , and the chopping tool is the beginning of a relationship between humans and the things they create , which is both a love affair and a dependency .
From this point on , we can not survive without the things we make and ,
in this sense , it is making things that makes us human .
Leakey 's discoveries in the warm earth of the Rift Valley did more than push humans back in time , they made it clear that all of us descend from those African ancestors , that every one of us is part of a huge African diaspora
we all have Africa in our DNA and all our culture began in the same place .
Wangari Maathai is a Kenyan environmentalist and a Nobel Peace Prize winner :
" So far it seems like the information we have tells us that we came from somewhere within this part of the world in eastern Africa .
Because I think we are so used to being divided along ethnic lines , along racial lines , and we look all the time for reasons to be different from each other
it must be surprising to some of us to realise that what differentiates us is usually very superficial , like the colour of your skin or the colour of your eyes or the texture of your hair , but essentially that we are all from the same stem , the same origin .
So , I think that as we continue to understand ourselves and to appreciate each other , and especially when we get to understand , for example , that we all come from the same origin - we will shed a lot of the prejudices that we have harboured in the past " .
Listening to the news on the radio , it 's easy to imagine the world is divided into rival tribes and competing civilisations .
So it 's good , it 's essential in fact , to be reminded that the idea of our common humanity is not just an enlightenment dream , but a genetic and a cultural reality .
It 's something we 'll see again and again in this series .
Our next object is the tool that people took with them when they first left Africa and began to spread around the world - it 's been called the Swiss Army knife of the Stone Age ..
it 's the hand axe .
We all have a certain image of ourselves .
This mental image is based on our personal assessment of our abilities , looks , intelligence , popularity and any number of other personal qualities .
Our emotional evaluation of that image will determine our level of self-esteem .
Even though we tend to think that our self-image is accurate and based on reality , it 's not .
People rarely see themselves objectively because we view everything through a complex set of perception filters .
We simply can not help but see ourselves through the window of our beliefs about who we think we are .
Life is entirely about perspective and each of us has our own unique perception of reality .
What kind of self-image do you have ?
Is your view of yourself empowered by feelings of self-confidence , or is it clouded with limiting thoughts of self-doubt ?
Have you unknowingly placed invisible boundaries on what you are able to achieve because of hidden limiting beliefs , or do you see a world of limitless possibilities ripe with opportunity ?
What you see is directly related to the way you respond to your own self-image .
But if self-image is based on perception , then we should be able to change it , right ?
Well , we can !
How would you like to develop a custom made perception of your own abilities ?
How about a mindset where you know for certain that anything is possible , and where feelings of doubt , resentment , and failure no longer exert their influence on you ?
Self-image and your expectations
It all starts with the mental picture you hold of yourself ; your internal self-image .
In order for you to free up your vast hidden potential , you need to learn to fully appreciate just how unique and valuable you really are .
You also need to understand that no matter where you are in life , you have the ability to unleash enormous potential and create unprecedented change .
You are the one who gets to decide what you get out of life .
If you are truly convinced that you deserve a life of abundance and joy , you will find a way to create that reality .
On the other hand , if you do n't see how such a life is possible , or if you hold the feeling that you do n't deserve " the good life " , your results will probably meet your expectations .
Your self-image can limit you , or empower you , to a much greater degree than most people think possible .
If your self-image is an outdated old picture left over from an unhappy or emotionally taxing time , it probably is n't serving you very well .
Not only that , but it does n't even represent the person you really are .
All it does is hold you back !
Many people carry around deeply ingrained beliefs anchored to undesirable events from the past .
Those beliefs are not only limiting , they are also obsolete .
Dismantling them and replacing them with new , updated , empowering beliefs will completely change your self-image .
As a result , your self-esteem will skyrocket .
Remember , self-esteem is based on our emotional evaluation of our self-image .
We live in a world that can and does overwhelm many people .
Learning to maintain a positive mental and emotional perspective is a very valuable skill .
It can quite literally change the way we see ourselves and the world around us .
But a positive emotional perspective needs to be based on a positive self-image or it will not be able to hold up under pressure .
To rebuild our self-image and bolster our self-esteem we need to start on a very core level .
We need to get in touch with our TRUE SELF and harmonize our beliefs and actions with the person that we really are .
We also need to let go of unrealistic negative baggage that is n't serving us .
I know it sounds like a tall order , but remember ; this is your quality of life we are talking about .
3 steps to creating a more empowering self-image
1 . Figure out who you really are and what you stand for .
You are not your job , your friends , or the results you produce .
You are someone with core values and standards .
To create an empowering self-image you need to get in touch with those values .
Once you do , then do your very best to live by them .
This will create a sense of inner harmony and purpose .
2 . Let go of pride and embrace self-honesty .
When we lie to ourselves about who we are it creates internal conflict .
You do not need pretenses to be worthy of your own approval .
We all have shortcomings and it is perfectly alright to admit it .
Having room for improvement does n't make us less of a person , but lying to ourselves does .
3 . Always choose the higher path .
Do n't cut corners on the journey of life and do n't violate your personal ethics for any reason .
Once you figure out what you stand for , then stand firm  your self-image depends on it .
This world is full of people who will do anything to gain an advantage .
Never ever stoop to that level .
Choose the high road and you will discover the unmatched advantage that comes with an empowering self-image and a health self-esteem .
This question has been asked of me so many times in so many different contexts that I thought it would be best if I wrote my reasons for joining the Army on my page for all to see .
First , the more accurate question is why I volunteered to go to Iraq .
After all , I joined the Army a week after we declared war on Saddam 's government with the intention of going to Iraq .
Now , after years of training and preparation , I am finally here .
Much has changed in the last three years .
The criminal Ba'ath regime has been replaced by an insurgency fueled by Iraq 's neighbors who hope to partition Iraq for their own ends .
This is coupled with the ever present transnational militant Islamist movement which has seized upon Iraq as the greatest way to kill Americans , along with anyone else they happen to be standing near .
What was once a paralyzed state of fear is now the staging ground for one of the largest transformations of power and ideology the Middle East has experienced since the collapse of the Ottoman Empire .
Thanks to Iran , Syria , and other enlightened local actors , this transformation will be plagued by interregional hatred and genocide .
And I am now in the center of this .
Is this why I joined ?
Yes . Much has been said about America 's intentions in overthrowing Saddam Hussein and seeking to establish a new state based upon political representation and individual rights .
Many have framed the paradigm through which they view the conflict around one-word explanations such as " oil " or " terrorism " , favoring the one which best serves their political persuasion .
I did the same thing , and anyone who knew me before I joined knows that I am quite aware and at times sympathetic to the arguments against the war in Iraq .
If you think the only way a person could bring themselves to volunteer for this war is through sheer desperation or blind obedience then consider me the exception ( though there are countless like me . )
I joined the fight because it occurred to me that many modern day " humanists " who claim to possess a genuine concern for human beings throughout the world are in fact quite content to allow their fellow " global citizens " to suffer under the most hideous state apparatuses and conditions .
Their excuses used to be my excuses .
When asked why we should n't confront the Ba'ath party , the Taliban or the various other tyrannies throughout this world , my answers would allude to vague notions of cultural tolerance ( forcing women to wear a veil and stay indoors is such a quaint cultural tradition , ) the sanctity of national sovereignty ( how eager we internationalists are to throw up borders to defend dictatorships ) !
or even a creeping suspicion of America 's intentions .
I would write off war because civilian casualties were guaranteed , or temporary alliances with illiberal forces would be made , or tank fuel was toxic for the environment .
My fellow " humanists " and I would relish contently in our self righteous declaration of opposition against all military campaigns against dictatorships , congratulating one another for refusing to taint that aforementioned fragile moral ecosystem that many still cradle with all the revolutionary tenacity of the members of Rage Against the Machine and Greenday .
Others would point to America ' s historical support of Saddam Hussein , sighting it as hypocritical that we would now vilify him as a thug and a tyrant .
Upon explaining that we did so to ward off the fiercely Islamist Iran , which was correctly identified as the greater threat at the time , eyes are rolled and hypocrisy is declared .
Forgetting that America sided with Stalin to defeat Hitler , who was promptly confronted once the Nazis were destroyed , America 's initial engagement with Saddam and other regional actors is identified as the ultimate argument against America 's moral crusade .
And maybe it is .
Maybe the reality of politics makes all political action inherently crude and immoral .
Or maybe it is these adventures in philosophical masturbation that prevent people from ever taking any kind of effective action against men like Saddam Hussein .
One thing is for certain , as disagreeable or as confusing as my decision to enter the fray may be , consider what peace vigils against genocide have accomplished lately .
Consider that there are 19 year old soldiers from the Midwest who have never touched a college campus or a protest who have done more to uphold the universal legitimacy of representative government and individual rights by placing themselves between Iraqi voting lines and homicidal religious fanatics .
Often times it is less about how clean your actions are and more about how pure your intentions are .
So that is why I joined .
In the time it took for you to read this explanation , innocent people your age have suffered under the crushing misery of tyranny .
Every tool of philosophical advancement and communication that we use to develop our opinions about this war are denied to countless human beings on this planet , many of whom live under the regimes that have , in my opinion , been legitimately targeted for destruction .
Some have allowed their resentment of the President to stir silent applause for setbacks in Iraq .
Others have ironically decried the war because it has tied up our forces and prevented them from confronting criminal regimes in Sudan , Uganda , and elsewhere .
I simply decided that the time for candid discussions of the oppressed was over , and I joined .
In digesting this posting , please remember that America 's commitment to overthrow Saddam Hussein and his sons existed before the current administration and would exist into our future children 's lives had we not acted .
Please remember that the problems that plague Iraq today were set in motion centuries ago and were up until now held back by the most cruel of cages .
Do n't forget that human beings have a responsibility to one another and that Americans will always have a responsibility to the oppressed .
Do n't overlook the obvious reasons to disagree with the war but do n't cheapen the moral aspects either .
Assisting a formerly oppressed population in converting their torn society into a plural , democratic one is dangerous and difficult business , especially when being attacked and sabotaged from literally every direction .
So if you have anything to say to me at the end of this reading , let it at least include " Good Luck "
Mark Daily
All that time ducks spend sitting on their nests pays off , and not just by protecting their eggs from hungry foxes .
The warmer a duck egg stays , the stronger the immune system of the duckling that hatches , according to a new study .
Researchers incubated the eggs of wood ducks ( Aix sponsa ) at 35 , 35.9 , and 37C , temperatures within the normal range for eggs in the wild .
When the eggs hatched , the scientists challenged the immune system of each duckling by injecting it with foreign cells .
The birds that had been incubated at the lowest temperature had the least swelling at the injection site and the fewest antibodies in their blood .
That indicates that their bodies were not as robustly attacking the foreign cells , the team reports today in Biology Letters .
In the wild , ducklings are exposed to pathogens and parasites as soon as they hatch , and small differences in immune function could determine whether the hatchling survives or not .
2012 Summer Olympics - London
These Olympic torch cupake toppers were so easy to make !
The torch was made from cutting off the bottom of an ice cream cone , dipped in vanilla Candiquik , and rolled in gold sugar sprinkles .
The flames are made from fruit roll ups cut with a mini leaf cutter .
Olympic rings marshmallow pops .
I dipped the marshmallows in vanilla Candiquik and attached colored Lifesavers to the round part of the marshmallows .
The yellow and blue Lifesavers were pineapple flavored Lifesavers dipped in yellow and blue food coloring .
Gold , silver and bronze medals made from Ritz crackers dipped in chocolate Candiquik and then coated with gold , silver and orange / gold sugar sprinkles .
The salty and sweet combination is a winner every time !
Oreo cookies dipped in vanilla Candiquik and decorated with fruit roll ups cut in circles to look like the Olympic Rings .
So simple and yummy too !
The Great Gatsby by F Scott Fitzgerald
" So we beat on , boats against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past " .
Fitzgerald hypnotises successive generations of readers with this tale .
Nick Carraway 's signing off after the death of Gatsby is my favourite last line in the Anglo-American tradition  resonant , memorable and profound .
It hovers between poetry and the vernacular and is the magnificent chord , in a minor key , which brings this 20th-century masterpiece to a close .
Somehow , it sums up the novel completely , in tone as much as meaning , while giving the reader a way out into the drabber , duller world of everyday reality .
Ulysses by James Joyce
Joyce is the master of the closing line and this is his most famous and most suggestive .
Compare it with the end of The Dead , his short story that concludes Dubliners :
" His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling , like the descent of their last end , upon all the living and the dead " .
Middlemarch by George Eliot
" But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive : for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts ;
and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life , and rest in unvisited tombs " .
Middlemarch is many readers ' favourite Eliot novel , with so many quotable passages .
This passage is almost a credo  a lovely , valedictory celebration of Dorothea 's quiet life , after she has renounced Casaubon 's fortune and confessed her love for Ladislaw .
Heart of Darkness by Joseph Conrad
" The offing was barred by a black bank of clouds , and the tranquil waterway leading to the uttermost ends of the earth flowed sombre under an overcast sky  seemed to lead into the heart of an immense darkness " .
Conrad 's merciless short novel ( fewer than 40,000 words ) opens on the Thames and ends there , too .
The last line of Marlowe 's astounding confession is an admission of his complicity in the terrible events he has just described as a reluctant witness .
It also executes a highly effective narrative diminuendo in an extraordinary fictional nightmare .
Compare George Orwell 's chilling return to the status quo in another nightmare , Nineteen Eighty Four : " He loved Big Brother " .
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain
" But I reckon I got to light out for the Territory ahead of the rest , because Aunt Sally she 's going to adopt me and sivilize me and I can not stand it . I been there before " .
This is a heartbreaker .
Twain rounds off his masterpiece by saying that Huck Finn is fated , like all Americans , to an incessant quest for the challenge of the frontier .
For sheer teenage disaffection , it 's matched by the last line of Catcher in the Rye :
" Do n't tell anybody anything .
If you do , you start missing everybody " .
And also from the US , let 's not forget Margaret Mitchell 's ending to Gone With the Wind : " After all , tomorrow is another day " .
Pure hokum , like the novel .
To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf
" Yes , she thought , laying down her brush in extreme fatigue , I have had my vision " .
And she has .
Lily 's closing words complete the circle of consciousness .
Virginia Woolf was good at last lines and was always a decisive closer .
Mrs Dalloway , whose first line famously has Woolf 's protagonist buying the flowers herself , ends with :
" It is Clarissa , he said .
For there she was " .
That 's the perfect conclusion , to a nervy climax , nailed in nine words .
Catch-22 by Joseph Heller
" The knife came down , missing him by inches , and he took off " .
The spirit of Bugs Bunny inspires the finale of Yossarian 's adventures with 256th Squadron .
It 's the moment in which Yossarian , who has been in thrall to Catch-22 throughout , finally breaks away .
Yossarian has come to realise that Catch-22 does not actually exist ,
but because the powers that be claim it does , and the world believes it does , it nevertheless has potent effects .
Indeed , because it does not exist , there is no way it can be repealed , undone , overthrown , or denounced .
But here , finally , he can become free .
Speak Memory by Vladimir Nabokov
" There , in front of us , where a broken row of houses stood between us and the harbour , and where the eye encountered all sorts of stratagems , such as pale-blue and pink underwear cakewalking on a clothesline , or a lady 's bicycle and a striped cat oddly sharing a rudimentary balcony of cast iron , it was most satisfying to make out among the jumbled angles of roofs and walls , a splendid ship 's funnel , showing from behind the clothesline as something in a scrambled picture  Find What the Sailor Has Hidden  that the finder can not unsee once it has been seen " .
A brilliant , and moving , mixture of perception and reality .
Contrast the incoherent end of William Burroughs 's Naked Lunch , " No got  C'lom Fliday " .
Wuthering Heights by Emily Bront
" I lingered round them , under that benign sky ; watched the moths fluttering among the heath , and hare-bells ; listened to the soft wind breathing through the grass ; and wondered how any one could ever imagine unquiet slumbers for the sleepers in that quiet earth " .
Bront 's masterpiece is often cited for its gothic morbidity and intoxicating romantic darkness ,
but here  stepping back from the tragedy of Heathcliff and Catherine  the novel displays an acute evocation of Yorkshire combined with memorable poetic grandeur .
This note of redemption promises a better future in the union of Cathy and Hareton .
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers by Beatrix Potter
" But Tom Kitten has always been afraid of a rat ;
he never durst face anything bigger than  A Mouse " .
Children 's books should not be overlooked .
Potter earns her slot with this chilling , but playful , ending to a spine-tingler by a writer who loved to explore the world of juvenile suspense .
Perhaps in honour of the late Maurice Sendak we should also mention " And it was still warm , " the payoff to Where the Wild Things Are .
And JK Rowling has a well-earned closer to Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows :
" The scar had not pained Harry for 19 years . All was well " .
These phones , as yet only prototypes from Casio , a Japanese firm , transmit digital signals by varying the intensity of the light given off from their screens .
The flickering is so slight that it is imperceptible to the human eye , but the camera on another phone can detect it at a distance of up to ten metres .
In an age of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth , flashing lights might seem like going back to sending messages with an Aldis lamp .
In fact , they are the beginning of a fast and cheap wireless-communication system that some have labelled Li-Fi .
The data being exchanged by Casio 's phones were trifles : message balloons to be added to pictures on social-networking sites .
But the firm sees bigger applications , such as pointing a smartphone at an illuminated shop sign to read information being transmitted by the light : opening times , for example , or the latest bargains .
Yet that is still only a flicker of what is possible .
Last October a number of companies and industry groups formed the Li-Fi Consortium , to promote high-speed optical wireless systems .
The idea is that light can help with a looming capacity problem .
As radio-based wireless becomes ubiquitous , more and more devices transmitting more and more data are able to connect to the internet , either through the mobile-phone network or through Wi-Fi .
But there is only a limited amount of radio spectrum available .
Using light offers the possibility of breaking out of this conundrum by exploiting a completely different part of the electromagnetic spectrum , one that is already ubiquitous because it is used for another purpose : illumination .
Lighten the darkness To turn a light into a Li-Fi router involves modulating its output , to carry a message , and linking it with a network cable to a modem that is connected to a telephone or cable-broadband service , just like a Wi-Fi router .
Incandescent light bulbs and fluorescent tubes are not really suitable for modulation , but they are yesterday 's lighting technology .
Tomorrow 's is the light-emitting diode .
LEDs are rapidly replacing bulbs and tubes because they are more efficient .
And because they are semiconductor devices , tinkering with their electronics to produce the flickering signals required for data transmission is pretty straightforward , according to Gordon Povey , who is working on light communication with Harald Haas and his colleagues at the University of Edinburgh , in Britain .
The rate of data transfer is also good .
Dr Povey 's group is already up to 130 megabits a second ( faster than some older Wi-Fi routers ) over a distance of about two metres , using standard LEDs .
Dr Povey , who is also the boss of VLC , a firm set up to commercialise the technology , thinks such devices should be able to reach 1 gigabit per second ( Gbps , ) and do so over greater range .
Specially constructed LEDs would be even faster .
The Li-Fi consortium reckons more than 10 Gbps is possible .
In theory , that would allow a high-definition film to be downloaded in 30 seconds .
Dr Povey believes that adapting existing LEDs to work with the sensors and light sourcescameras , ambient-light detectors , screens , flashbulbs , torches and so onalready found in smartphones and similar devices will be the fastest way to bring Li-Fi to market .
VLC has already produced a smartphone app which allows low-speed data transmission between a pair of iPhones .
It has also made an experimental optical transceiver that plugs into a laptop to receive and send light signals .
Later this year it will bring out Li-Fi products for firms installing LED-lighting systems .
There are limitations to using light , of course .
Unlike radio , light waves will not penetrate walls .
Yet for secure applications that could be a bonus .
And light bulbs  some 14 billion of them around the world  are almost everywhere and often on .
As they are gradually replaced by LEDs , every home , office , public building and even streetlight could become a Li-Fi hotspot .
Having a line-of-sight connection with the LED in question would undoubtedly improve the signal , but light reflected from walls or ceilings might often be enough .
In any case , having a good line of sight helps Wi-Fi as well .
And spotting a nearby light in order to sit next to it is certainly easier than finding the location of a Wi-Fi router .
Communication , though , is a two-way street .
That means the LEDs involved in Li-Fi would need photodetectors to receive data .
Some LED systems have such sensors already ( to know when to turn on at night . )
But even if LEDs are not modified Dr Povey reckons hybrid systems are possible :
data could be downloaded using light but uploaded ( typically a less data-intensive process ) using radio .
In an office , for example , an LED-powered desk lamp could work as a Li-Fi router , able to link up with any networked device placed on the desk .
You can not succeed in business without an operational model that delivers value to customers at a reasonable price , with an underlying cost that allows you to make a profit .
There are no " overrides "  for example , businesses do n't thrive just because they offer the latest technology , or because everyone wants to be " green " , or because their goal is to reduce world hunger .
I expect that should seem intuitive to all entrepreneurs , but every investor I know has many stories about startup funding requests with major business model elements missing .
The most common failures are solutions looking for a problem , lack of a defined market , and giving away the product .
There are dozens of sources to help you construct your business model , and a good example is a recent book by venture capital investor Elizabeth Edwards , simply named " Startup , " which is really designed as a handbook for launching a company for less .
I support her assertion that a business model consists of at least the first seven of the following ten basic elements :
Value proposition .
What is the need you fill or problem you solve ?
The value proposition must clearly define the target customer , the customer 's problem and pain , your unique solution , and the net benefit of this solution from the customer 's perspective .
Target market .
Who are you selling to ?
A target market is the group of customers that the startup plans to attract through marketing and sales their product or service .
This segment should have specific demographics , and the means to buy your product .
Sales / Marketing .
How will you reach your customers ?
Word-of-mouth and viral marketing are popular terms these days , but are rarely adequate to initiate a new business .
Be specific on sales channels and marketing initiatives .
Production .
How do you produce your product or service ?
Common choices include manufacturing in-house , outsourcing , off-the-shelf parts .
The key issues here are time to market and cost .
Distribution .
How do you distribute your product or service ?
Some products and services can be sold and distributed online , others require multi-level distributors , partners , or value-added resellers .
Decide whether the product is local or international .
Revenue model .
How do you make money ?
The key here is to explain to yourself and to investors how your pricing and revenue stream will cover all costs , including overhead and support , and still leave a good return .
Cost structure .
What are your costs ?
New entrepreneurs tend to focus only on product direct costs , and underestimate marketing and sales costs , overhead costs , and support costs .
Test your projections against actual published reports from similar companies .
Competition .
How many competitors do you have ?
No competitors probably means there is no market .
More than ten competitors indicates a saturated market .
Think broadly here , like planes versus trains .
Customers always have alternatives .
Unique selling proposition .
How will you differentiate your product or service ?
Investors look for a sustainable competitive advantage .
Short-term discounts or promotions are not a unique selling proposition .
Market size , growth , and share .
How big is your market in dollars , is it growing or shrinking , and what percent can you capture ?
Venture capitalists look for a market with double-digit growth , greater than a billion dollars , and a double-digit penetration plan .
Investors will want to understand your business model very well and very early .
They do n't want to hear your customer sales pitch , which naturally avoids any discussion of how much money you intend to make , and how many customers you expect to convince .
Giving that pitch to investors will only frustrate both you and them .
A viable and investable business model is one of the first things you need to highlight in your business plan .
In fact , without a business model , your startup is just a dream .
10 Things I Learned From People Who Survive Cancer Lissa Rankin describes what cancer survivors have in common .
When I interviewed women who had survived breast cancer for my art project The Woman Inside , I noticed that they all shared one remarkable thing in common .
They had all faced down death and decided to live every day like it might be their last .
And then they all beat cancer .
The more interviews I did , the more I noticed that these women were living differently than most of the people I knew who had not been diagnosed with cancer .
Here 's what I learned from those survivor women .
Learning these lessons changed my life , and I hope they 'll change yours .
1 . Be unapologetically YOU .
People who survive cancer get feisty .
They walk around bald in shopping malls and roll their eyes if people look at them funny .
They say what they think . They laugh often . They do n't make excuses .
They wear purple muumuus when they want to .
2 . Do n't take shit from people .
People who survive cancer stop trying to please everybody .
They give up caring what everybody else thinks .
If you might die in a year anyway ( and every single one of us could , ) who gives a flip if your Great Aunt Gertrude is going to cut you out of her will unless you kiss her ass ?
3 . Learn to say no .
People with cancer say no when they do n't feel like going to the gala .
They avoid gatherings when they 'd prefer to be alone .
They do n't let themselves get pressured into doing things they really do n't want to do .
4 . Get angry . Then get over it .
People who survive cancer get in your face .
They question you . They feel their anger .
They refuse to be doormats . They demand respect .
They surrender .
They do n't stay pissed . They release resentment .
5 . Do n't obsess about beauty .
People who survive cancer no longer worry about whether they have perfect hair , whether their makeup looks spotless , or whether their boobs are perky enough .
They 're happy just to have boobs ( if they still do . )
They 're happy to be alive in their skin , even if it 's wrinkled .
6 . Do it now .
Stop deferring happiness .
People who survive cancer realize that you can not wait until you kick the bucket to do what you 're dying to do .
Quit that soul-sucking job now .
Leave that deadbeat husband .
Prioritize joy .
They live like they mean it .
7 . Say " I love you " often .
People who survive cancer leave no words left unspoken .
You never know when your time is up .
Do n't risk having someone you love not know it .
8 . Take care of your body .
So stop smoking . Eat healthy . Drink in moderation . Maintain a healthy weight .
Avoid putting toxic poisons in your God Pod .
Get enough sleep .
9 . Prioritize freedom .
People who survive cancer know that being a workaholic is n't the answer .
Money can not buy health .
Security does n't matter if you 're six feet under .
Sixteen hours a day of being a stress monster is only going to make you sick .
As Tim Ferriss writes in The 4-Hour Workweek , " Gold is getting old .
The New Rich are those who abandon the deferred-life plan and create luxury lifestyles in the present using the currency of the New Rich : time and mobility " .
10 . Take risks .
People who survive cancer have faced their fear and told it to go to hell .
They know life is for living .
Fear is powerless .
And joy lies in taking risks .
So go sky diving if you want . Bungee jump . Hang glide .
Spend your savings .
Live like you might die tomorrow .
Are you doing these things ?
Or are you waiting for cancer to test out how much you want to live ?
Do n't wait for cancer , my love .
Do n't tempt the Universe that way .
Be brave enough to live NOW .
Unapologetically and fearlessly living for today !
During its examination of Mars , the Viking 1 spacecraft returned images of Valles Marineris , a huge canyon system 5,000 km , or about 3,106 miles , long , whose connected chasm or valleys may have formed from a combination of erosional collapse and structural activity .
This synthetic oblique view shows Ophir Chasma , the northern most one of the connected valleys of Valles Marineris .
For scale , the large impact crater in lower right corner is about 18.5 miles , or 30 km , wide .
Ophir Chasma is a large west-northwest-trending trough about 62 miles , or 100 km , wide .
The Chasma is bordered by high-walled cliffs , most likely faults , that show spur-and-gully morphology and smooth sections .
The walls have been dissected by landslides forming reentrants .
The volume of the landslide debris is more than 1,000 times greater than that from the May 18 , 1980 , debris avalanche from Mount St .
The longitudinal grooves seen in the foreground are thought to be due to differential shear and lateral spreading at high velocities .
The " Interpreter " in Your Head Spins Stories to Make Sense of the World
Our left hemisphere tweaks the facts and allows us to feel like we 're in charge , experiments with split-brain patients reveal .
Michael Gazzaniga is a leading neuroscientist at the University of California , Santa Barbara , and has worked for decades with patients whose brains have been surgically split in half .
In this excerpt from his book Who 's in Charge ? Free Will and the Science of the Brain , he looks at what this procedure reveals about human consciousness .
We humans think we make all our decisions to act consciously and willfully .
We all feel we are wonderfully unified , coherent mental machines and that our underlying brain structure must reflect this overpowering sense .
It does n't .
No command center keeps all other brain systems hopping to the instructions of a five-star general .
The brain has millions of local processors making important decisions .
There is no one boss in the brain .
You are certainly not the boss of your brain .
Have you ever succeeded in telling your brain to shut up already and go to sleep ?
Even though we know that the organization of the brain is made up of a gazillion decision centers , that neural activities going on at one level of organization are inexplicable at another level , and that there seems to be no boss , our conviction that we have a " self " making all the decisions is not dampened .
It is a powerful illusion that is almost impossible to shake .
In fact , there is little or no reason to shake it , for it has served us well as a species .
There is , however , a reason to try to understand how it all comes about .
If we understand why we feel in charge , we will understand why and how we make errors of thought and perception .
When I was a kid , I spent a lot of time in the desert of Southern California  out in the desert scrub and dry bunchgrass , surrounded by purple mountains , creosote bush , coyotes , and rattlesnakes .
The reason I am still here today is because I have nonconscious processes that were honed by evolution .
I jumped out of the way of many a rattlesnake , but that is not all .
I also jumped out of the way of grass that rustled in the wind . I jumped , that is , before I was consciously aware that it was the wind that rustled the grass , rather than a rattler .
If I had had only my conscious processes to depend on , I probably would have jumped less but been bitten on more than one occasion .
Conscious processes are slow , as are conscious decisions .
As a person is walking , sensory inputs from the visual and auditory systems go to the thalamus , a type of brain relay station .
Then the impulses are sent to the processing areas in the cortex , next relayed to the frontal cortex .
There they are integrated with other higher mental processes , and perhaps the information makes it into the stream of consciousness , which is when a person becomes consciously aware of the information ( there is a snake . ) !
In the case of the rattler , memory then kicks in the information that rattlesnakes are poisonous and what the consequences of a rattlesnake bite are .
I make a decision ( I do n't want it to bite me , ) quickly calculate how close I am to the snake , and answer a question :
Do I need to change my current direction and speed ?
Yes , I should move back .
A command is sent to put the muscles into gear , and they then do it .
All this processing takes a long time , up to a second or two .
Luckily , all that does n't have to occur .
The brain also takes a nonconscious shortcut through the amygdala , which sits under the thalamus and keeps track of everything .
If a pattern associated with danger in the past is recognized by the amygdala , it sends an impulse along a direct connection to the brain stem , which activates the fight-or-flight response and rings the alarm .
I automatically jump back before I realize why .
If you were to have asked me why I had jumped , I would have replied that I thought I 'd seen a snake .
The reality , however , is that I jumped way before I was conscious of the snake .
My explanation is from post hoc information I have in my conscious system .
When I answered that question , I was , in a sense , confabulating  giving a fictitious account of a past event , believing it to be true .
I confabulated because our human brains are driven to infer causality .
They are driven to make sense out of scattered facts .
The facts that my conscious brain had to work with were that I saw a snake , and I jumped .
It did not register that I jumped before I was consciously aware of it .
In truth , when we set out to explain our actions , they are all post hoc explanations using post hoc observations with no access to nonconscious processing .
Not only that , our left brain fudges things a bit to fit into a makes-sense story .
Explanations are all based on what makes it into our consciousness , but actions and the feelings happen before we are consciously aware of them  and most of them are the results of nonconscious processes , which will never make it into the explanations .
The reality is , listening to people 's explanations of their actions is interesting  and in the case of politicians , entertaining  but often a waste of time .
With so many systems going on subconsciously , why do we feel unified ?
I believe the answer to this question resides in the left hemisphere and one of its modules that we happened upon during our years of research , particularly while studying split-brain patients .
Some people with intractable epilepsy undergo split-brain surgery .
In this procedure , the large tract of nerves that connects the two hemispheres , the corpus callosum , is severed to prevent the spread of electrical impulses .
Afterward , the patients appear completely normal and seem entirely unaware of any changes in their mental process .
But we discovered that after the surgery , any visual , tactile , proprioceptive , auditory , or olfactory information that was presented to one hemisphere was processed in that half of the brain alone , without any awareness on the part of the other half .
Because tracts carrying sensory information cross over the midline inside the brain , the right hemisphere processes data from the left half of the world , and the left hemisphere handles the right .
The left hemisphere specializes in speech , language , and intelligent behavior , and a split-brain patient 's left hemisphere and language center has no access to sensory information if it is fed only to the right brain .
In the case of vision , the optic nerves leading from each eye meet inside the brain at what is called the optic chiasm .
Here , each nerve splits in half ;
the medial half ( the inside track ) of each crosses the optic chiasm into the opposite side of the brain , and the lateral half ( that on the outside ) stays on the same side .
The parts of both eyes that attend to the right visual field send information to the left hemisphere and information from the left visual field goes to and is processed by the right hemisphere .
More than a few years into our experiments , we were working with a group of split-brain patients on the East Coast .
We wondered what they would do if we sneaked information into their right hemisphere and told the left hand to do something .
We showed a split-brain patient two pictures :
To his right visual field , a chicken claw , so the left hemisphere saw only the claw picture , and to the left visual field , a snow scene , so the right hemisphere saw only that .
He was then asked to choose a picture from an array placed in full view in front of him , which both hemispheres could see .
His left hand pointed to a shovel ( which was the most appropriate answer for the snow scene ) and his right hand pointed to a chicken ( the most appropriate answer for the chicken claw . )
We asked why he chose those items .
His left-hemisphere speech center replied , " Oh , that 's simple . The chicken claw goes with the chicken " , easily explaining what it knew .
It had seen the chicken claw .
Then , looking down at his left hand pointing to the shovel , without missing a beat , he said , " And you need a shovel to clean out the chicken shed " .
Immediately , the left brain , observing the left hand 's response without the knowledge of why it had picked that item , put it into a context that would explain it .
It knew nothing about the snow scene , but it had to explain the shovel in front of his left hand .
Well , chickens do make a mess , and you have to clean it up .
Ah , that 's it !
Makes sense .
What was interesting was that the left hemisphere did not say , " I do n't know " , which was the correct answer .
It made up a post hoc answer that fit the situation .
It confabulated , taking cues from what it knew and putting them together in an answer that made sense .
We called this left-hemisphere process the interpreter .
It is the left hemisphere that engages in the human tendency to find order in chaos , that tries to fit everything into a story and put it into a context .
It seems driven to hypothesize about the structure of the world even in the face of evidence that no pattern exists .
Our interpreter does this not only with objects but with events as well .
In one experiment , we showed a series of about 40 pictures that told a story of a man waking up in the morning , putting on his clothes , eating breakfast , and going to work .
Then , after a bit of time , we tested each viewer .
He was presented with another series of pictures . Some of them were the originals , interspersed with some that were new but could easily fit the same story .
We also included some distracter pictures that had nothing to do with the story , such as the same man out playing golf or at the zoo .
What you and I would do is incorporate both the actual pictures and the new , related pictures and reject the distracter pictures .
In split-brain patients , this is also how the left hemisphere responds .
It gets the gist of the story and accepts anything that fits in .
The right hemisphere , however , does not do this .
It is totally veridical and identifies only the original pictures .
The right brain is very literal and does n't include anything that was n't there originally .
And this is why your three-year-old , embarrassingly , will contradict you as you embellish a story .
The child 's left-hemisphere interpreter , which is satisfied with the gist , is not yet fully in gear .
The interpreter is an extremely busy system .
We found that it is even active in the emotional sphere , trying to explain mood shifts .
In one of our patients , we triggered a negative mood in her right hemisphere by showing a scary fire safety video about a guy getting pushed into a fire .
When asked what she had seen , she said , " I do n't really know what I saw .
I think just a white flash " .
But when asked if it made her feel any emotion , she said , " I do n't really know why , but I 'm kind of scared .
I feel jumpy , I think maybe I do n't like this room , or maybe it 's you " .
She then turned to one of the research assistants and said , " I know I like Dr. Gazzaniga , but right now I 'm scared of him for some reason " .
She felt the emotional response to the video but had no idea what caused it .
The left-brain interpreter had to explain why she felt scared .
The information it received from the environment was that I was in the room asking questions and that nothing else was wrong .
The first makes-sense explanation it arrived at was that I was scaring her .
We tried again with another emotion and another patient .
We flashed a picture of a pinup girl to her right hemisphere , and she snickered .
She said that she saw nothing , but when we asked her why she was laughing , she told us we had a funny machine .
This is what our brain does all day long .
It takes input from other areas of our brain and from the environment and synthesizes it into a story .
Facts are great but not necessary .
The left brain ad-libs the rest .
The view in neuroscience today is that consciousness does not constitute a single , generalized process .
It involves a multitude of widely distributed specialized systems and disunited processes , the products of which are integrated by the interpreter module .
Consciousness is an emergent property .
From moment to moment , different modules or systems compete for attention , and the winner emerges as the neural system underlying that moment 's conscious experience .
Our conscious experience is assembled on the fly as our brains respond to constantly changing inputs , calculate potential courses of action , and execute responses like a streetwise kid .
But we do not experience a thousand chattering voices .
Consciousness flows easily and naturally from one moment to the next with a single , unified , coherent narrative .
The action of an interpretive system becomes observable only when the system can be tricked into making obvious errors by forcing it to work with an impoverished set of inputs , most obviously in the split-brain patients .
Our subjective awareness arises out of our dominant left hemisphere 's unrelenting quest to explain the bits and pieces that pop into consciousness .
What does it mean that we build our theories about ourselves after the fact ?
How much of the time are we confabulating , giving a fictitious account of a past event , believing it to be true ?
When thinking about these big questions , one must always remember that all these modules are mental systems selected for over the course of evolution .
The individuals who possessed them made choices that resulted in survival and reproduction .
They became our ancestors .
From Who 's in Charge ? Free Will and the Science of the Brain by Michael S. Gazzaniga , copyright 2011 by Michael S. Gazzaniga .
Drinking to develop work relationships has a long history in China .
Photograph :
Chicago Tribune/McClatchy-Tribune Peter Chi knows he has to cut back on his drinking .
It is not much fun at the best of times , and the worst have included hospitalisation  after drinking fake alcohol
and the numerous evenings where he has passed out at the table .
" No one likes binge drinking , but it 's not under your control " , he complains .
" Of course I do n't like it , but there 's nothing I can do " .
Chi , from north-eastern Liaoning province , is not an alcoholic .
Nor is he a party animal , despite his four-times-a-week binges .
But as a respectable headteacher in his 40s , he feels he has little choice but to indulge  or risk harming his career .
In the west , binge drinking is associated with young men and women spilling out of pubs and clubs in the early hours of the mornings .
But in China drinkers are older and  in many cases  drinking not just for fun but for career reasons .
" If I drink , it does n't necessarily help me get promoted .
But if I do n't , it 's less likely that I will be .
So I must drink , even if it 's not pleasant at all " , Chi explains .
" People want to show they are forthright and try to get along with others 
It 's very normal to get an order to drink from bosses " .
In fact , some job adverts explicitly demand applicants who can hold their alcohol .
" Candidates with good drinking capacity will be prioritised " , says one for the Hunan Zhike Public Security Engineering Company , an alarms and surveillance technology firm that is seeking a business manager .
" The job is to develop business through establishing closer connections with our clients .
Drinking is a big part of the work " , explains the recruiter , adding that the successful candidate will need to handle 250 to 500ml of baijiu at a time .
The clear spirit , usually made from sorghum , ranges in price from as little as five yuan  less than 50p  to tens of thousands of yuan for vintage bottles of the best brands .
It is a staple of formal or celebratory dinners , often coupled with beer .
It is also notorious for causing inebriation , since it is 80 to 120 proof and frequently consumed in large quantities .
Alcohol certainly greases the wheels of business in the west , too , but people can usually stop after one or two glasses .
In China , the opposite is often true :
it is much easier to refuse an initial drink than to stop once you have started .
Foreigners are not immune to the pressure  one friend recalls being poured half pints of baijiu by an overly hospitable local official , who paused briefly to vomit before topping up his glass again .
Drinking to develop and cement relationships has a long history in China .
" When one drinks with a friend , a thousand cups are not enough " , runs one traditional saying .
That does not mean bingeing has been the norm :
in the 1980s , a study of Chinese classical poetry concluded that heavy drinking had been in and out of favour over the years .
Experts have suggested that Chinese habits  consuming alcohol with food , playing drinking games and toasting in a highly ritualised fashion  served to regularise alcohol intake and limit drunkenness .
But in the last few decades , consumption has soared , fuelled by increased personal freedoms and rising incomes .
" Excessive drinking , frequent drinking [ five to seven days a week ] and binge drinking behaviour have reached epidemic proportions among current drinkers in China " , warned a study published in the journal Addiction last month .
The authors , led by Li Yichong of the National Centre for Chronic and Non-Communicable Disease Control , found that only 56% of men and 15% of women drink .
But of those , 57% of men and 27% of women binge .
Bingeing and excessive drinking were most common in men aged between 35 and 44 ;
and frequent drinking increased significantly with age , whereas in " Anglo " cultures alcohol consumption usually peaks in the late 20s or early 30s , the paper noted .
The government has pledged to tackle driving under the influence
police caught half a million drunkards behind the wheel last year
but bingeing does not otherwise seem to lead to much anti-social behaviour in China .
You will not see people urinating on the street , or the equivalent of beered-up rugby lads pulling down their trousers for the delectation of passing women .
So the main issue is the damage that drinkers are doing to themselves .
China is still some way off the cirrhosis death rates seen in Britain or Japan , according to World Health Organisation figures .
And in more cosmopolitan and educated circles , over-indulgence is often regarded as somewhat dclass  suggesting that perhaps heavy drinking may fall out of fashion again .
Anecdotally , friends suggest that people are increasingly willing to make excuses on health grounds or to surreptitiously dilute their baijiu with a mineral water bottle hidden under the table .
But such changes can not come fast enough for China 's reluctant drinkers .
" Health is a big concern of mine .
Even if things seem OK right now , there will definitely be problems when I get to 30 or 40 if I keep drinking like this " , says Bruce Wang , a young businessman whose work involves regular boozing sessions with clients .
" I get drunk a lot 
It 's impossible to feel good about it " .
Does n't this look great ?
I love making big food !
I made this super sized burrito with four large tortillas , rice , pinto beans , tomatoes and meatless grounds and covered it with a spicy Ranchera sauce .
Then my family and I each cut out a section and dug in to this dish which was so tasty I nearly licked my plate !
This is a fun meal for kids or a crowd 
For this dish , you will need :
4 large flour tortillas
15 oz can fire roasted tomatoes with sauce
15 oz can pinto beans
1 package meatless grounds
1 packet taco seasoning
3/4 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese
3/4 cups white rice
1/3 cups water
1/4 cup chopped green onion
7 oz can Salsa Ranchera ( such as Herdez brand )
In a large skillet , place rice , meatless grounds , water , taco seasoning , tomatoes and beans and bring to a boil .
Cover and reduce to simmer for 20 minutes .
On a large platter , place two tortillas side by side overlapping .
Place two more tortillas in a row just below these also overlapping .
Place burrito filling in a long line across the bottom row of tortillas and wrap with the top and bottom edges of the tortillas .
Gently fold remaining two tortillas around the burrito so that the seams face down and all filling is held in place .
Cover the entire burrito with Ranchera sauce and cheese .
Place platter under low broil for 2 - 3 minutes until cheese begins to melt .
Cover with green onion and additional tomatoes , if desired .
Serve and enjoy !
Serves 4 to 6
In a few short months , campaign posters will be everywhere .
The gamut of Republican White House candidates will roll out the commercial artwork they 've chosen to augment their presidential ambitions .
Iowa and New Hampshire will be festooned .
The modern campaign poster is a slick thing , with message-tested taglines and occasionally trendsetting design .
But it 's nothing like its early forebears .
As an element of political culture , the campaign poster has taken a long road to its present form .
John Quincy Adams became the first presidential candidate to widely use posters in 1824 , according to the University of Virginia 's Miller Center , but the oldest American campaign poster in the Library of Congress 's digital file promoted presidential candidate William Henry Harrison in 1840 .
In the 1800s , posters were more detailed than they are today .
Early campaign posters featured etched portraits of the candidates looking statesmanly and were printed using wood or metal plates , sometimes inked in color .
Extensive text sometimes accompanied the portraits ( see the Garfield / Arthur and McKinley / Hobart posters above , ) and in some instances text was the poster's main feature ( see the two Lincoln / Johnson posters . )
" It was harder to reproduce images than to reproduce text " , said Steven Heller , a design expert and former New York Times art director who blogged about campaign posters for the Times in 2008 and who now contributes to The Atlantic .
" They wanted to inform the public , and the public at that stage was fairly literate , so there was more of an emphasis on the word .
As you get further into the 19th century , it gets easier to reproduce things with wood engravings , and toward the end of the century through halftone ...
There was n't a camera , so you were reliant on likenesses from wood or steel engravings .
By the end of the century , the camera had come into being and you could see a photo of U.S. Grant , and you could see a photo of Abe Lincoln earlier than that , but photography became more accessible , photo reproduction became more doable , and so the printing technique kind of conformed to that " .
By the middle of the 20th century , a new design scheme came to dominate : black-and-white photographs with color backgrounds and large text .
Big , block-letter slogans and candidate names replaced the lengthy cursive script seen in the etched prints of the late 1800s , and primary colors replaced their dusty olives and sun-yellows .
Offset printing , in which ink is transferred to a rubber cylinder , became the dominant commercial-printing technology in the 1950s ,
and color photographs , along with full color layouts , supplanted black-and-white by the time Richard Nixon ran for president in 1972 .
While candidates ( and their advertising , design , and printing firms ) now mass-produce color-photography posters in every election year , printing advancements have n't made campaign posters more complex , per se .
The most widespread style , to this day , is the block-lettered rectangle ( see the Dole / Kemp and Bush / Cheney posters above . )
Using only the candidates ' last names , and perhaps a brief tagline , these signs hang on countless walls and populate countless front yards every four years .
Which tells us printing capabilities do n't change the design imperative .
Simplicity now rules .
Other technologies may have popularized the stripped-down design :
With mass electronic media , candidates do n't need or want to deliver platform information though posters ,
and the long scripts and grandiose portraits of the late 1800s would now look ridiculous .
TV commercials have taken over the function of higher-level messaging and image creation .
Today , posters just remind us what the candidates ' names are .
Aesthetics and mnemonics are left mostly to font and color scheme .
Get over Fear of Rejection
I believe that fear is one of the emotions that people have a hard time handling , more specifically the fear of rejection .
Many of us are afraid that other people will not accept us .
The fear of rejection can be really frustrating since it can hold us back in life .
Fear of rejection is present in many areas of our lives .
It will come up in your social life , dating life , business world , family , and many other areas .
We are all human and we all like to feel important , respected , and accepted by others .
However all of you have to realize that you will face rejection all the time .
You might have worked on a great philosophy paper and put so much effort into it , but your professor tells you it needs improvement .
You might have also put so much effort into building your business but you realize that the people you are marketing it to do n't really want your product .
Maybe you are trying to write a book and publishers respond by saying , " We think that your book lacks great content and will not sell in the market . We do n't want to take the risk to publish your work . "
OUCH . Imagine that feeling in your stomach when someone tells you that .
I think that if we do n't learn how to control our emotions when faced with rejection we will lose focus on our dream or goal .
Imagine hearing the words " No , " " I do n't like you , " " your work is n't good enough , " " it is impossible for you to accomplish this . "
How does your stomach feel now ?
The important thing to realize is that we have to be able to handle our emotions correctly in order to get through rejection .
When we constantly face rejection we psychologically get exhausted and our mind tends to shift in a very negative thinking mode .
After hearing those words , our self esteem drops and our inner voice tells us that " hey I am going to avoid rejection so I am not going to pursue what I really want " .
I have been through a lot of rejection and I know there is more to come .
But what I have found helpful is for me to be mentally prepared to face rejection .
What do I mean by this ?
I mean that you have to be willing to train your mind and emotions to get over it .
This means that if you have a client saying that he does n't like your product or tells you that it will be useful to him , you have to be willing to move on without feeling upset or put down .
In order to do this you have to build up confidence .
When you are confident in yourself and what you are trying to offer , you will be able to face rejection easily .
Another thing to keep in mind is not to take external comments too personally .
For example many people will stop meeting new people , especially in the dating world because the other person does n't accept them for who they are .
You have to realize that most of the times it has nothing to do with who you are .
Your client may not want your service because he feels like he is getting a better deal elsewhere .
The date may not have gone well because your partner felt that he / she was n't really looking for what they expected .
So do n't take any of this personally .
Fear of rejection is programmed into our minds since we were little kids .
Think of a time when you were a kid and you tried to join a group of friends to fit in but they just did n't let you play with them .
Maybe you got cut from your school basketball team .
Most people that have gone through a lot of rejection in the past since they were young have more trouble overcoming it as they get older .
To get over this try the following :
Start loving fear and rejection , it will make you grow as a person
Do n't take rejection personally ( 90% of people do this )
Learn from rejection instead of being put down .
Top 10 Most Beautiful Female Athletes in the World
Women also take part in all kind of sports played in today 's world .
Female athletes made lots of world records in different sports and they are famous among the sports lovers .
Below we are presenting a list of top 10 most beautiful female athletes in the world .
These female athletes are not only good in their sports but also very attractive .
So , let 's have a look at the top ten most beautiful female athletes in the world .
1 . Victoria Vanucci , Tennis
2 . Jenn Brown , Softball
3 . Blair O'Neal , Golf
4 . Anna Kournikova , Tennis
5 . Lacey Jones , Poker
6 . Leryn Franco , Javelin
7 . Liv Boeree , Poker
8 . Maria Verchenova , Golf
9 . Danica Patrick , Car Racing
10 . Maria sharapova , Tennis
Examining indoor pollutant levels from gas and electric cookers , University of Sheffield ( UK ) researchers found that gas kitchens had pollutant concentrations " well above " the levels set by the government as its objective for outdoor air quality .
The findings appear in the Journal of Indoor and Built Environment .
The work is based on air quality measurements taken in a small number of flats and houses in both rural and city settings .
Air samples were taken outside and inside the properties , from each kitchen , over a four-week period .
The researchers found that nitrogen dioxide levels in the kitchen of a city-center flat with a gas cooker were three times higher than the concentrations measured outside the property and well above those recommended in UK Indoor Air Quality Guidance .
In the case of particulate pollutants ( solid particles small enough to penetrate into the lungs , ) the average particle concentrations measured by the research team in the kitchens with gas cookers were higher than the levels set by the government as its objective for outdoor air quality in London .
" Concerns about air quality tend to focus on what we breathe in outdoors
[ but ] we spend 90 per cent of our time indoors and work hard to make our homes warm , secure and comfortable , but we rarely think about the pollution we might be breathing in " , said Professor Vida Sharifi , who led the research .
" Energy is just one source of indoor pollution , but it is a significant one .
And as we make our homes more airtight to reduce heating costs , we are likely to be exposed to higher levels of indoor pollution .
There is very little data on emission rates from different appliances or acceptable standards on indoor pollutants .
Although ours was just a small study , it highlights the need for more research to determine the impact of changing housing and lifestyles on our indoor air quality " .
Did quake or tsunami cause Fukushima meltdown ?
Japan 's nuclear safety agency today rejected a claim in British newspaper The Independent that the earthquake itself , not the subsequent tsunami , destroyed cooling systems leading to meltdowns at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant .
" It is not correct " , a spokesman for Japan 's nuclear safety watchdog , the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency ( NISA , ) told New Scientist .
The claim made in The Independent contradicts public reassurances from the Tokyo Electric Power Company ( TEPCO ) , the company that owns the plant , that its facility stood up to the quake as it should , but was overwhelmed by the tsunami .
If the quake did cause the damage , it could call into question the resilience of TEPCO 's other nuclear installations in Japan .
TEPCO and Japan 's nuclear industry as a whole have been criticised for attempting to cover up accidents in the past .
The paper reported that workers said they had seen cooling-water pipes bursting as they were evacuating from the nuclear plant following the quake at 2:52 pm on 11 March  before the tsunami struck about 45 minutes later .
It also quoted nuclear engineers who concluded from data released by TEPCO that coolant systems must have failed shortly after the quake .
Meltdown inevitable " There was already so much damage to the cooling system that a meltdown was inevitable " , Mitsuhiko Tanaka , a former nuclear plant designer , is quoted as saying .
Tanaka said that according to TEPCO 's own data , emergency water-circulation equipment started up automatically shortly after the quake .
" This only happens when there is a loss of coolant " , he told The Independent .
Likewise , between 3:04 pm and 3:11 pm , water sprayers in the containment vessel of reactor unit 1 were activated ;
Tanaka says this is a failsafe for when all other cooling systems have failed .
So by the time the tsunami struck at 3:37 pm , " the plant was already on its way to melting down , " says the newspaper .
The Independent also quotes the results of a NISA visit to Fukushima nine days before the quake .
It says that NISA warned TEPCO about its failure to inspect critical machinery at the plant , including recirculation pumps .
No damage
NISA 's spokesman said that the agency 's press release about its visit on 2 March may have been misunderstood .
" There was no damaged piping in the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , as claimed in the article " , he said .
What the press release actually said was that some of TEPCO 's periodic equipment checks were behind schedule , said the spokesman .
NISA also rejected the central claim of the article : that the quake , not the tsunami , caused the critical damage leading to meltdown .
" It is not correct " , said the spokesman .
" Before the tsunami hit , the cooling system was operated by diesel generators in the plant [ to compensate for ] a loss of external power sources after the earthquake " .
So not until the tsunami swept away the diesel generators did the cooling system fail , ultimately causing meltdowns .
Viennese backup NISA 's version of events was backed up yesterday by the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna , Austria , which sent a fact-finding mission to Fukushima in May .
An IAEA spokesman said that a report from the mission  led by Mike Weightman the UK 's chief inspector of nuclear installations  contains detailed accounts of the failure of cooling systems in the early hours of the disaster which challenge the idea that the quake caused the damage , as claimed in The Independent .
Meanwhile , TEPCO said on Wednesday that overall radiation released from the three damaged Fukushima reactors is now a 10-millionth of peak levels recorded on 15 March , just after the accident .
Wednesday also saw reactor 3 of the Tomari nuclear plant in Hokkaido become the first of Japan 's nuclear installations since the disaster to resume full commercial operation .
Bill Gates fell in love with a clumsy computer terminal .
Seattle let the students use the computer , which is very rare - proved its growth Gates played a very important role .
In 1998 , when Bill Gates 's wealth rocket Shangcuan , he daily revenue up to $ 50 million .
Dell 's direct sales king
The age of 12 in the small del magazine advertisements do philately stamp business , which earned $ 2,000 and used the money to buy his first personal computer .
The experience made Del recognize the benefits of doing business across the middlemen .
16-year-old high school , Michael Houston for the " Post " pull subscribers , operators have surgery because his great success and earned $ 18,000 to buy a BMW .
IT Tiehan Charles B . Wang
He was not interested in formal education, but it is very long for an independent business .
In 1942 , only 8-year-old Charles Wang with his parents emigrated to the U.S ..
Abnormal life difficult time , Charles Wang often being looked down upon to do some live , even 32 cents a meal often have to eat lunch .
Many years later , recalled the early years of pain , he always had heart understatement :
" Immigration great impact on my life " .
Empire founder Keith
Keith is known as business genius and workaholic .
He dressed casually , often wearing khaki clothes , and like his feet on the table , like a big boy next door .
And shy personality , people feel a little cold .
He quips : AOL managers ' ideas without my mess , " will be able to decide their own daily affairs .
Internet giant Son
Son high school moved from Japan to the United States Northern California , wisdom , intelligent , he leapfrog into the University of California at Berkeley , studying , majoring in Economics .
And earn at the university during his pot of gold .
After graduation , because remembering his mother , the Son returned home across the Pacific .
Mr . Chambers
In California , at a large technology conference , Chambers and telecommunications equipment rising star Cerent CEO Carl Russo met .
First meeting , Chambers that straight to the point and asked : " How much money do I need to buy your company ? "
His face with the usual smile .
Fiorina sea Heroine
In the face of Dell , IBM , the leader , Fiorina of Hewlett-Packard employee said :
we used to do 95 minutes before launch , and now I ask them on the launch of 80 time-sharing , and then slowly improved .
Former aim , ready , fire , in the network era , we should aim at fire , no time to prepare .
Robert Geyisuaita business wise
Goizueta will undoubtedly be the creation of wealth as the 20th century , were descendants of one master mind .
From 1981 Goizueta became chairman and CEO of Coca-Cola to the fall of 1997 , died of complications from lung cancer , Coca-Cola 's market value from 43 billion to $ 14.7 billion .
Welch Leadership Excellence
In 1961 , Welch joined GE after one year , the pain system of the company 's suffocating bureaucracy , want to resign to pursue other interests .
The young boss Ruben Gutuo Fu tried to retain him in nearly four hours to convince offensive end so he agreed to stay on condition that he not subject to corporate bureaucracy Zhiai .
Gutuo Fu move for GE left their greatest leaders in history .
European leaders need to think and act more boldly to stem the euro crisis
THE pattern has grown tiresomely familiar .
Bond markets shift sharply against weak euro-zone members .
Leaders hold a crisis summit to save the euro with more forceful rescue measures .
The initial euphoria lasts a few weeks , a few days or even just a few hours  and the cycle begins once again .
Can Europe 's politicians ever break it ?
To judge from this week 's summit between Germany 's Angela Merkel and France 's Nicolas Sarkozy , the answer is no .
The two came together in the holiday season partly because the markets had moved on from an assault on Italy to attack France , a core AAA-rated euro member .
Investors were hoping for a deal to expand the euro zone 's bail-out fund , the European Financial Stability Facility ( EFSF , ) or to start issuing mutually guaranteed Eurobonds .
Instead the two leaders did little beyond repeating previous accords , promising stronger euro-zone economic governance and putting up such distractions as a financial-transactions tax , harmonised corporate taxes and constitutional commitments to balance budgets  along with more euro-zone summits in future ( see article . )
The markets were unimpressed .
A day later the European Central Bank was again buying Spanish and Italian government bonds , having spent  22 billion ($ 32 billion ) the previous week .
The latest shockingly low growth figures for the euro zone in the second quarter may partly reflect fiscal austerity , but they also suggest that it will be harder than ever for troubled economies to grow out of their debt burdens .
It is understandable that Mrs Merkel , in particular , should be loth to embrace bold new rescue plans .
She is cautious by nature , more a follower than a leader .
She recognises the deep hostility of her voters to big fiscal transfers to weaker , more profligate euro-zone countries .
She is already finding it hard to persuade her coalition partners to support in parliament the deal she struck in July to expand the EFSF 's powers and let it buy up government debt .
She is mindful that the Bundesbank is vociferously against a big ECB programme to buy government bonds ( the ECB has already spent  100 billion . )
And she fears that her country 's constitutional court may rule all euro zone bail-outs to be illegal .
Yet Mrs Merkel needs to be mindful of something else as well : that the current rescue plan for the euro is just not working .
The markets continue to price in default by Portugal as well as Greece ( though the third bailed-out country , Ireland , is looking a bit healthier . )
The attempt to limit the trouble to these three and stop contagion spreading to Spain has manifestly failed :
instead Italy and now France , both of which seem to be solvent , have been infected .
A year ago it was said that the euro zone could take care of two or three small countries but that Spain was too big to fail .
Today , with Italy and even France looming into the picture , the very survival of the euro is coming into question .
A break-up of the euro may not be unthinkable , but it would certainly be damaging , painful and very expensive .
This is most obvious for debtor countries whose banks and governments would go bust ;
but Germany and other creditors would also pay an extremely high price .
And the consequences would be scarily unpredictable :
Europe 's single market , and even the European Union itself , might be at risk .
Explore our interactive guide to Europe 's troubled economies .
Mrs Merkel must know that it is worth paying a lot to avoid all this .
That means , at minimum , a large expansion of the EFSF , to at least  1 trillion , though there is a limit to how much bigger it can get without denting some creditor countries ' ratings .
It is likely to require further large-scale bond-buying by the ECB .
It involves accepting bigger restructuring of Greek and maybe other debt .
In the end , it may even necessitate mutually guaranteed Eurobonds ( see article . )
Any or all of these measures have three things in common :
they involve stronger countries giving more support to weaker countries ;
to offset this , they require intrusive outside control of national fiscal policies .
They thus constitute a step towards political union .
That is what airy labels like " economic government " or " deeper integration " actually mean .
The problem is that most governments have no mandate from voters to move in this direction .
Politicians therefore need to start explaining to their electorates the choices they face , and the consequences of those choices .
If Europe 's leaders sign up for a level of integration deeper than voters want , the backlash could split the EU apart  exactly the outcome they are trying to avoid .
We live in a world with very limited solutions to our sustainability problems .
I often hear the view , " If we would just get off fossil fuels , then our society would be sustainable " .
Or , " If the price of oil would just go high enough , then renewables would become economic , and our economy would be sustainable " .
Unfortunately , our problems with sustainability began a long time before fossil fuels came around , and the views above represent an incomplete understanding of our predicament .
When fossil fuels became available , they were a solution to other sustainability problems  rapid deforestation and difficulty feeding the population at that time .
Getting rid of fossil fuels would likely lead to very rapid deforestation and many people dying of lack of water or food .
If getting rid of fossil fuels is a solution to our predicament , it is one with very bad side effects .
A couple of different events this week reminded me about how deeply embedded our sustainability problems are .
For one , I had the opportunity to read a draft of a soon-to-be published paper by James H. Brown and a group of others from the University of New Mexico and the Sante Fe Institute called , " The Macroecology of Sustainability " .
This paper points out that sustainability science has developed largely independently from and with little reference to key ecological principles that govern life on earth .
Instead , sustainability science is often more of a social science , looking at slightly greener approaches which are almost as unsustainable as the approaches they replace .
A second thing that reminded me of our long-term problems with sustainability was a pair of articles in this week 's issue of Science .
There is a research article called , The Aftermath of Megafaunal Extinction : Ecosystem Transformation in Pleistocene Australia by S. Rule et al ,
and an accompanying perspective article called The Hunters Did It by M. McGlone .
The perspective article explains that there had been a controversy as to why marked changes in habitat took place shortly after humans settled Australia .
Some thought that the loss of forest and animal extinctions were the result of climate change .
New research shows that the changes almost certainly came from hunting and the use of fire by humans .
This is further evidence that humans did not live sustainably , even when they were still hunters and gathers .
See my earlier posts , European Debt Crisis and Sustainability and Human population overshoot  what went wrong ?
Below the fold , I will offer some ideas about truly sustainable solutions .
Humans at this point do not fit in at all well with the natural ecology  the natural systems of plants and animals .
In fact , we have disturbed these systems greatly , making natural systems " fit " into the little niches we have reserved for them .
In order for humans to fit back into natural systems , it almost seems as though humans would have to evolve to become more like monkeys or gorillas .
We would need to stop living in houses , wearing clothes , and cooking our food .
It would be helpful to be able to live in trees , to stay away from predators .
Somehow , this does n't sound at all appealing , or likely .
But if we think about the situation , it yields a few ideas regarding where we need to be , if we are to live in an ecologically sustainable way :
1 . In terms of local foods , we need to focus on foods that truly grow wild , or with very little support , in our area .
We may need to discard some foods that can be grown today , but which require soil amendments which must be hauled from a distance , sprays for insects , irrigating , or much tilling .
2 . To limit our ecological impact , we should be eating plants and perhaps small animals ( including birds , fish , and insects ) that reproduce in large numbers .
We certainly should not be eating cows and pigs grown on industrial farms .
The food we eat should be minimally processed  not packaged or finely ground .
If we could eat food raw , that would be ideal , from the point of not disturbing other systems .
The human digestive system has evolved to work better with cooked food , however , so cooking will probably be necessary , perhaps using solar cookers .
3 . Our housing should be simple .
We certainly should n't be building more huge houses and buildings .
We should n't expect buildings to be heated very much , and probably not be cooled at all .
4 . Walking should be our primary means of transportation .
Perhaps dug out canoes or rafts would also be suitable for fitting in with the ecosystems .
5 . Medical treatment should largely disappear , because it interferes with normal evolutionary processes and because it tends to leave a large dependent elderly population .
It also tends to lead to far too high a population in total .
6 . We probably need to live in smallish groups ( &lt; 150 people ) and have an economy based on a gift economy .
With such an economy , people gain status by what they give away , rather than what they accumulate .
Land would probably be shared in common . No one would be wealthy .
If truly sustainable solutions are virtually impossible , then what do we do ?
There are 7 billion humans on earth .
If human populations were similar to those of monkeys or gorillas , there would probably not be more than more than 1 million ( with an " m ) " humans in the world , mostly living in warm places .
Our basic problem now is that there are far too many of us .
Some choices that might slightly reduce our impact :
1 . Reduce our incomes .
The amount of resources a person uses is mostly determined by a person 's income .
If a person cuts back on his income , he will use less .
Trying to cut back within the same income is less effective , because the money a person does n't spend one place is likely to be spent somewhere else .
This is one reason that many attempts at being " green " do n't really work out .
2 . Plant at least some food crops .
This too , disturbs the natural ecology , but it is about as good as we can do .
If perennial plants are planted , it is possible that others will benefit as well .
Animals , birds , and insects may also get some benefit from the crops .
3 . Share what petroleum is available more equitably .
If I use less oil , by driving a smaller car , or by driving fewer miles , it does n't mean that petroleum will be left in the ground .
What it does mean is that the gasoline or diesel that I did n't buy will be available for someone else to buy .
This rather strange result happens because total oil supply is pretty much " maxed out "  total world oil supply does n't increase by very much , even with more demand .
Instead , all that happens is that price rises .
If I use less , price may drop a bit , but the same amount of oil in total will be consumed .
So by using less petroleum , someone else , somewhere can use more .
The result is better sharing of what oil is available .
4 . Have smaller families .
One child , or even no-child , families are to be encouraged .
How about all of the " green " things that we hear about ?
I have a hard time believing that most of the " green " solutions presented to us today are more than marginally beneficial from an ecological point of view .
Even substitutes like wind turbines and solar PV have their difficulties .
Most of the time wind and solar PV are used as parts of large electrical grids , and the grids themselves are not sustainable .
In addition , we have to disturb natural ecological systems to make and use these systems .
The intermittent electricity they produce is not a reasonable substitute for petroleum , which is the fuel we are having most difficulty with .
The problem our economy is facing now is recessionary impacts associated with high-priced oil .
High priced substitutes are even worse , in my view .
If low-priced substitutes for oil are available , they may make sense .
For example , if natural gas could substitute for oil that would be a small step in the right direction , but even natural gas has its difficulties  it too produces CO2 when burned and it is out of synch with the natural ecology .
If there are " green " solutions that are helpful and not too ecologically disturbing , I expect that most of them will be smaller and simpler  for example , small windmills made with local materials , or small water wheels .
Recycled materials may be used for some of these  perhaps parts of old autos or recycled building materials .
Why Economists Hate The Wall Street
The Wall Street Journal is a fine paper that breaks a lot of stories , but its editorial page is frequently the subject of ridicule for people who find it to be , frankly , pretty hackish .
Today brings us a classic example :
Stephen Moore 's column : Why Americans Hate Economics .
The gist is basically this :
Bearded , wonky academic economists believe a whole bunch of nonsense that nobody with a modicum of common sense could possibly subscribe to .
And unfortunately , because The White House listens to academics -- rather than real people with common sense -- nothing the White House has done economically has worked .
The problem , though , is that just because something seems intuitive or " common sense " does n't mean it 's correct , especially in economics , where many things are not intuitive .
For example , Stephen Moore writes :
Or consider the biggest whopper : Mr . Obama 's thoroughly discredited $ 830 billion stimulus bill .
We were promised $ 1.50 or even up to $ 3 of economic benefit  the mythical " multiplier "  from every dollar the government spent .
There was never any acknowledgment that for the government to spend a dollar , it has to take it from the private economy that is then supposed to create jobs .
The multiplier theory only works if you believe there 's a fairy passing out free dollars .
This bit of folk wisdom is just totally wrong .
For anyone to believe that government spending is taking money away from the private sector is to believe that there are individuals and businesses out there who would have made real-world investments with their cash , but instead were somehow forced into buying a Treasury bond yielding less than 4% .
Perhaps if taxes had been raised to pay for the stimulus , then we could see why Moore might think something so wrong ,
but that did n't happen .
In reality , a crisis hit , people saved like crazy , stuffing the banks with cash , and those banks -- who saw zero loan demand from the private sector -- parked their money in the Treasuries that the government issued at the same time as the stimulus .
At no point in the process was there private sector money that was somehow siphoned away to pay for stimulus .
The funny thing is , the government , which issues and creates currency , is more like a fairy that passes out free dollars .
Moore just writes in such a mocking way , though , that he misses the one correct possibility in his column .
Here 's Moore explaining why unemployment insurance is n't stimulative :
I have two teenage sons .
One worked all summer and the other sat on his duff .
To stimulate the economy , the White House wants to take more money from the son who works and give it to the one who does n't work .
I can say with 100% certainty as a parent that in the Moore household this will lead to less work .
Again , we can see the folksy logic here , but this idea that the difference between the jobbed and the jobless is like a lazy son and an industrious one is downright absurd .
To start , perhaps it 's the lack of job openings -- not laziness -- that explains why 20 million Americans are unemployed ?
Perhaps this chart has something to do with it ?
But even beyond Moore 's bad examples , what we see in his piece ( and really , across the entire editorial page ) is a disdain for arguments backed by data .
Most of the arguments basically start with a premise ( confidence = good for jobs , tax cuts = good for jobs , Obama = bad for jobs ) and work from there , without actually seeing if the data supports the thesis .
This is n't an accident :
Austrian Economics -- a key pillar of WSJ-school style economics -- is not keen on empirics or data .
It 's mostly about principles -- contravening evidence and ideas do n't matter too much .
So you end up with the kind of logic that appeals to Bill O'Reilly viewers .
Heavy on horse-sense and long-held biases , but pretty light on economic substance .
There 's nothing wrong with it as media , but for the same reason that Americans supposedly do n't like economics ( do people even really think about economics ) ?
economists are n't going to have much use for it .
NASA Spots Signs of Life ..
On Earth Unlike certain corners of the UK tabloid press , I 'm not about to proclaim that NASA has found life on Mars , because that's just silly ( and completely false ) .
However , NASA has spotted signs of life on Earth .
I realize that might sound just as wacky , but bear with me .
Using their Advanced Land Imager ( ALI ) on the EO-1 satellite , NASA has managed to identify a region of the Arctic where bacteria is staining the ice .
Borup Fiord Pass on Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic is unique in that it is the only known location on the planet where sulfur is being pumped to the surface via a natural spring over ice .
The result is a dirty yellow stain with contrasting white surroundings .
NEWS :
There are other indicators for the possible presence of life on other planets , like methane on Mars .
When flying over the location in a helicopter , the yellow hue is obvious ( pictured top , ) but from space , it's hard to spot .
In fact , identifying such a small area would normally be impossible for a satellite , but NASA scientists are a smart bunch and they've overcome this problem .
Using a special sensor inside ALI called Hyperion , scientists have been able to see wavelengths of light that are invisible to our eyes .
Hyperion is able to see beyond the visible spectrum and gather hyperspectral data so sensitive that they now have the capability to ' see ' the sulfur staining from space , mapping the Borup Fiord Pass runoff .
As this sulfur has a specific chemical " fingerprint " , the strength of this fingerprint in the spectrum of light being given off by the stained ice means that they can estimate the quantity of the element that is there .
This sounds awesome , but why is sulfur so important ?
The key thing here is that this sulfur is a byproduct of a complex biological mechanism that is occurring .
Hydrogen sulfide -- the foul rotten egg-smelling gas -- is dissolved in the water beneath the Canadian ice and through complex interactions with microbes , the hydrogen atoms are stripped from the sulfur atoms .
( Hydrogen sulfide -- H 2 S -- is a molecule consisting of two hydrogen atoms and one sulfur atom ) .
The EO-1 satellite is seeing the stain of elemental sulfur being carried to the surface , acting like a highlighter pen , pointing to the microbes ' location .
NEWS :
By studying micro fossils in gypsum on Earth , scientists may be able to characterize regions of Mars to search for signs of ancient Martian life .
So , NASA is seeing , for the first time , evidence of microbial life from space .
Do you see where I'm going with this ?
Yes , now NASA has means to look for signs of life elsewhere in the solar system .
Take Europa , one of Jupiter 's moons , for example . It 's a rocky world ( a little smaller than our moon , ) covered with ice .
It is thought there might be liquid water in the form of sub-surface oceans , potentially harboring life .
But how do we find Europa life if it's there ?
We could send a lander to drop a drilling probe through the kilometers-thick ice or attempt to find a huge fissure to access the sub-surface ocean .
Or we could just send a satellite to orbit Europa , with an instrument on board similar to Hyperion , to begin surveying the European ice for yellow stains .
NASA is keen to point out that the system is far from perfect , but it is very encouraging that the EO-1 satellite can accurately map the distribution of sulfur deposits from space , closely matching the photographs taken by a helicopter far below .
Of course , looking for hydrogen sulfide-eating microbes that ooze elemental sulfur means that we'll be looking for similar biological processes we observe on Earth .
So we have to assume Europa Brand life is similar to Earth Brand life .
But as the only life we know of exists here on Earth , it's not a bad assumption to make .
May 9th , 2010
Stunning house , designed by SeARCH and Christian Muller Architects , is fully embedded in the alpine landscape of Vals , Switzerland .
The viewing angle from the building is slightly inclined , giving an even more dramatic view of the beautiful mountains .
[ photos by Iwan Baan ]
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step " . Lao Tzu
One of the best things I did when I decided to simplify my life was to simplify my workday 
first at my day job and later , by quitting my day job , in the work I do now as a writer and entrepreneur .
I 've eliminated most of the routine , boring , administrative tasks with a few simple principles .
These days , I have eliminated the non - essentials , and can focus on what I truly love :
creating .
Not everyone can make such drastic steps toward simplicity ,
but if you have some control over your workday , you can do a few small things that will simplify things greatly .
If you do n't have control , or if you find yourself thinking , " I can't do these things , " I 'd start to ask why not ?
Is it possible to change things , if not today then over the long term ?
I found that often I thought something was n't possible ( working from home , for example , ) but in the long run they were .
You do n't need to do all of these things  pick just one , and try it .
Then try another and see if it works .
Experiment to find what works for you .
And enjoy the simple work life .
Start early .
Going into work early was one of my favorite tricks 
it was quiet , before the phones and chatter and meetings started , and I could get a lot of work done in peace .
By the time everyone else was getting started , I 'd gotten two or three big tasks checked off .
Limit your hours .
It 's ironic , because so many people work long hours and think they 're getting more done and being more productive .
But they 're throwing brute hours at the problem .
Instead , cut back on your hours and set a limit  say 6 or 7 hours a day  and get your most essential work done within that limit .
If you know you 're only working 6 hours today , you 'll be sure to get the important tasks done first and waste less time .
Limits force you to be effective .
Make a short list .
Make a long list of all the tasks you need to do 
then make a short list of 1 - 3 things you really want to get done .
Choose so that , if you got only these tasks done , you 'd be proud of what you did today .
Start with the most important task , before checking email or reading online .
Batch distractions .
What are your common distractions ?
Perhaps things like email , reading blogs , Twitter or another social network ?
Set a time for these , preferably later in the day :
say , from 3 - 4 p.m. Do n't do the distractions before then .
By grouping them all into one time period , you allow yourself to do other work first , but still get in your distraction time .
Another approach might be to do them for 10 minutes at the end of each hour  but stick to that 10 - minute limit !
Write shorter emails .
If email takes up a lot of your day , the simple change of limiting yourself to 3 - 4 sentences per email will make a big difference .
First , it 'll drastically shorten the time it takes to write or respond to emails .
And second , it 'll shorten responses to your emails , which means you 'll spend less time reading email .
Limit meetings .
The fewer the better .
Some top Google executives just do 5 - minute meetings 
anyone who attends these meetings had better be prepared , and concise .
If you can get out of meetings and just get the notes , or find an alternative way to communicate , it could save you hours per week .
Automate .
The fewer repetitive and routine tasks you have to do , the more time you 'll free up for creating and important work .
So automate wherever possible :
have people fill things out electronically ,
or get info from your website instead of emailing or calling you ,
or use a service that automatically processes payments or ships your product , and so on .
Eliminate paperwork .
I used to deal with a lot of paperwork , and even then I knew it was a waste of my time .
If businesses and organizations could have paperwork filled out electronically , it would save a lot of paper , copying , filing , and duplicate effort .
Whenever possible , eliminate paperwork in favor of digital .
This might be more of a long - term move .
Clear your desk .
This can be done in a few minutes .
Clear everything off the top of your desk .
Only put back a few essential items .
Everything else should be :
filed , given to the appropriate person , given a permanent spot in a drawer , or trashed / recycled .
Make quick decisions and then get back to work .
Get away .
If you can get out of your office , you can find a peaceful spot where you can focus on important work .
Find a spot where you can work , turn off the Internet and do your work , and then turn the Internet back on so you can email or upload it to the appropriate spot .
Working from home is a good option here .
The more you can do this ( it might be once a week , or an hour a day , or half of every workday , ) the better .
Take breathing breaks .
Every 15 - 20 minutes , get up from your desk , and take a breathing break .
It could be simply walking around the office , saying hi to someone , or even better , getting outside to get some fresh air .
Walk around , get your blood circulating ,
perhaps massage your neck and shoulders if you feel tension .
Do some pushups if you want to get fitter .
When you get back to work , remind yourself what you want to be working on , and clear away all distractions .
Practice a focus ritual .
Every hour or two , do a refocus ritual .
This only takes a minute or two .
You might start it by closing down your browser and maybe other open applications ,
and maybe even take a walk for a couple of minutes to clear your head and get your blood circulating .
Then return to your list of Most Important Tasks and figure out what you need to accomplish next .
Before you check email again or go back online , work on that important task for as long as you can .
Repeat this refocus ritual throughout the day , to bring yourself back .
It 's also nice to take some nice deep breaths to focus yourself back on the present .
More focus rituals . Schedule big blocks of creative time .
Not everyone can do this .
but when possible , put a big block of 3 - 4 hours in your schedule for creating or doing other important work .
Make this time inviolate , and do n't allow meetings or other things to be scheduled during this time .
Be ruthless about clearing distractions
and doing the work you love during these blocks , taking breathing breaks as necessary .
Rejoice in your creativity .
because you do n't have any hair
Teacher is explaining to the student , ' if you see someone sinking in the water , you should pull his hair to save him from the water . It will be easy for you .
' Student :
but sir , if it happens to you , we should n't help you .
Teacher :
why ?
Student :
because you do n't have any hair .
China 's leading steel maker , Baosteel , announced Wednesday that its net profit shrank 9.95 percent in 2009 year-on-year to 5.8 billion yuan ($ 850 million . )
Its total business revenue decreased 25.97 percent to 148.5 billion yuan partly due to the waning international demand caused by the global economic slowdown earlier in 2009 , Baosteel said in its annual report filed to the Shanghai Stock Exchange Wednesday night .
The Shanghai - based firm attributed the slower decline of net profit compared with that of business revenue last year to effective cost cutting measures .
" China 's steel sales and prices began to pick up in the latter part of last year boosted by climbing demand from the domestic auto and home appliance industries " , said the report from the country 's largest steel maker by market value .
Its A - shares price shed 1.62 percent to 7.88 yuan per share Wednesday .
U.S. stock prices extended their rally during the first quarter , battling back from a steep February selloff amid continued global economic and political uncertainty .
The trends that had helped share prices stage a remarkable recovery in 2009 continued to provide a favorable backdrop for U.S. stocks .
Corporate earnings again came in stronger than expected and the battered U.S. economy continued its convalescence .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 4.1 % or 428.58 points during the first quarter , to 10856.63 .
That marked the Dow 's fourth consecutive quarterly gain and the best first - quarter performance since 1999 .
The broad Standard &amp; Poor 's 500 - stock index rose 4.9 % to 1169.43 ,
Money and knowledge Teacher :
Suppose , you have offered money and knowledge . You have to take one of them . Which one you should choose ?
Student :
Money .
Teacher :
I would have taken knowledge .
But why do you take money ?
Student :
I have the lack of money that 's why .
You have the lack of knowledge . That 's why
This is probably deep-fried small intestine , according to commenters , for some of whom finding this in their KFC is apparently a common occurrence .
John says he found some brain in his KFC chicken thigh in Raleigh , NC .
We asked him if he was sure it wasn't just skin and fat mixed together .
" Pretty sure , yeah .
Fat usually has more of a yellow tint , and is more gelatinous on chicken .
This was a solid looking piece , a little more than 1/4th of an inch thick at the widest part , and it had the unmistakable " lines " that you see in the brain organ .
It was also firm to the touch , unlike rubbery fat .
If it was a piece of skin or fat , it sure pulled off a good look alike . "
Look on the bright side ; at least now we know KFC uses real chicken . More gruesome pix , inside ..
Says John , " Needless to say , we 're never eating at KFC again .
( Especially after looking at these greasy close up shots ) .
It's not worth the time to take it back to the store , seeing as how all they would do is give us a gift certificate to come back .
Firefox 4 :
Faster , Sleeker Interface &amp; Better Privacy Controls
Mozilla plans to release Firefox 4 by the end of this year .
Mike Beltzner , detailed the organizations ' plans for the next generation of the popular browser in a presentation on Air Mozilla earlier today .
The overall mission for Firefox 4 , as Beltzner pointed out , is that Firefox 4 should be " fast , friendly and empowering " .
Mozilla wants to ship Firefox 4 by November 2010 .
If Mozilla's plans work out , the first beta of Firefox 4 should be available by the end of June . This beta phase will last for multiple months and Mozilla plans to roll out a new beta every couple of weeks .
These betas might also feature the Test Pilot add-on by default , which will allow Mozilla to gather better feedback from its beta users .
Speeding up the Browser Firefox 4 will feature a renewed emphasis on speed .
Current projects like JgerMonkey will form the basis of these projects to make Firefox faster .
As Beltzner noted , it's also worth remembering that current versions of Firefox were built for computers and operating systems that were shipped many years ago .
To speed up the browser and enhance the user interface , Mozilla wants the next version of Firefox to support hardware acceleration and offer built-in support for multi-touch and technologies like Aero Peek in Windows 7 .
Mozilla plans to ship 64-bit versions of the browser for Windows 7 and OSX .
New Interface Making Firefox faster does n't just mean optimizing the performance of the browser itself , however , but also enhancing the user experience to make the browser feel faster .
Judging from the screenshots we saw today , the new design will make Firefox 4 look a lot like Chrome .
Using the Browser to Manage Your Relationship with Websites As Belztner noted ,
websites are now becoming more like desktop apps and it's becoming increasingly important that users understand what web services do with their data .
Mozilla wants to create a way to manage website's permissions with a simple but powerful control dialog .
The new account manager that Mozilla first introduced a few weeks ago is one of the organization's steps towards this direction .
The permissions manager , for example , will allow you to manage which sites can get access to your location data .
Personalization Mozilla also plans to improve how users can customize their browsers .
In Firefox 4 , users will be able to install add-ons without having to restart the browser , for example .
The browser will also feature a new customizations interface and Mozilla plans to make it easier to discover and find relevant add-ons .
Firefox 4 for Developers Mozilla also plans a number of updates for developers that will give Firefox 4 better native multimedia capabilities , better developer tools and support for new HTML5 and Web technologies .
Firefox 4 , for example , will add a lot of rich HTML5 capacities to the browser , as well as support for 3D capabilities , a fullscreen API , faster 2D drawing and an animation API .
Firefox 4 will also include a number of updated developer tools like a timer API to test website performance and better memory diagnostic tools .
May 11 , 2010
Stabber killed by mob - Beijing
A MAN fatally stabbed three people in southern China on Tuesday and was then beaten to death by an angry mob ,
state media said , the latest in a spate of multiple killings that has shocked the country .
Yang Qingming , 37 , stabbed to death two middle-aged women and a three-year-old girl in a village in the southern region of Guangxi , the official Xinhua news agency reported .
He also wounded a six-year-old boy in the attack , the report said , without mentioning a possible motive .
The boy 's injuries were not life-threatening , it added .
Yang was then set upon by a mob as he attempted to flee and was beaten to death .
China has seen several deadly assaults in recent weeks , many targeting children .
AFP
He is 71 but has the energy of a man 30 years younger .
David Dimbleby , anchor of the BBC's election coverage , arrived for work on the morning of election day , started broadcasting at 10pm and continued until 4 pm on Friday .
Admittedly he did have a two-hour break at 6am but what kept him going for the remaining 16 hours on air ?
" Huge enthusiasm , a few sandwiches , some coffee  but not too much otherwise you have to go to the loo  and a lot of honey " , said one of the BBC election team .
Honey ? " Yes , it gives him energy and helps keep his voice going " .
Dimbleby has been the BBC's main anchor since the dawn of Thatcherism in 1979 .
That makes eight elections in a row .
He was back at the studio yesterday morning , having at least had a night's sleep at his Sussex farm .
At noon , bright-eyed and purple-tied , he was presenting a programme on the efforts to form a government .
Only Nick Robinson , the BBC's political editor , was on screen more over the past three days .
An irrepressible figure who usually works a 12-hour day regardless , was on air for 25 hours from 10pm on Thursday evening until 11pm on Friday .
" He thrives on adrenaline " .
Jeremy Paxman , interviewing MPs and political pundits in the election studio , put in an 18-hour shift from 10pm on Thursday .
Paxman , who turns 60 on Tuesday , had a few friendly spats with Dimbleby  the man he hopes eventually to succeed as the election night anchor .
But don't bet on that necessarily being at the next election .
The politicians themselves put in similarly long hours , of course , with Gordon Brown said to have snatched about two or three hours ' sleep on both Thursday and Friday night .
Attending the VE Day ceremony in Whitehall yesterday he looked exhausted .
Perhaps he will sleep better in a bed other than the one he has been occupying for the past three years in Downing Street .
May 10 , 2010 Venice Carnival Photograph by Mariusz Smiejek , My Shot This Month in Photo of the Day :
Travel Carnival revelers take a break at one of Venice's countless sidewalk cafes .
As European influences continue to trickle in from the north , Italy is experiencing a reinvention across its large cities .
However , as home to the eternal city of Rome and some of the world's greatest art and architecture , the country still clings to the roots that have provided the region's lifeblood for centuries .
See more photos of Italy .
Your Thoughts on Falling in Love
More than 5,700 of you took our survey on falling in love .
Lots of you know what it feels like to be in love :
46 % of our survey takers said they 're in love now or have been in the past .
But an almost equal number ( 43 % ) said that , although they like someone , they 're just not sure it 's really love .
And 11 % said they 'd never been in love
( mostly because they have n't met the right person yet . )
So what makes it love ?
And when is it just lust ?
Attraction
Three main qualities go with being in love :
attraction , closeness , and commitment .
Relationships can be about any or all of these .
Attraction is the " chemistry " part of love .
It 's all about the physical  even sexual  interest that two people have in each other .
Relationships that are based on attraction alone are usually more about fun and infatuation than real love .
Guys : Stereotypes Are n't Always True
Conventional wisdom says that , for guys in their early teens , relationships are mainly about physical attraction .
That explains why some guys responded like Trent , 13 , who told us the things he likes about his girlfriend are " her hair and body " .
Experts say that it's not until guys reach their later teens that they rate a person 's inner qualities as most important .
Our survey showed that this " conventional wisdom " does n't mean all guys fall into this mold .
First , we saw that it 's not just younger guys who go mainly for the way someone looks or their physical attributes :
We had a few older guys say they were most interested in looks .
And most of the 13-year-old guys in our survey say they appreciate a person 's inner qualities , like kindness and intelligence .
For example , Marley , 13 , said the reason he loves his GF is a combination of her inner and outer qualities :
" She 's deep and has real emotions , she acts herself and does n't act fake " , he told us .
" I also love her eyes . I get lost in them " .
Girls : Personality , Please !
As with guys , looks can also catch a girl 's attention .
But when it comes to being attracted to someone , girls typically emphasize the importance of character .
Many girls in our survey felt like Jovin , 17 , who told us , " The first impression is his look " .
But after that , she says other things become more important , like " his personality and style , kindness and intelligence " .
Chey , 13 said , " I look mainly for personality .
If he 's really nice then I might end up having a crush on him .
But if he 's a jerk then I probably won't like him " .
Kelsey , 16 said she 's attracted to a guy who is " cute , smart , honest , funny , and treats me great " .
Priscilla , 13 , said , " They have to be honest , respectful , down-to-earth , won't judge me , and love me for who I am .
I hate the guys that just want to ' hit it and quit it ' or want a girl with all the looks and clothes even though she might not be the nicest person " .
The Thrills of a New Relationship
Both guys and girls noticed that the excitement and newness of the infatuation stage is fun and thrilling .
Like Brittany , 15 , who told us , " When he kissed me it sent butterflies through my body like crazy " .
But those butterflies often come with sweaty palms or a racing heart .
I did n't know what to say " .
Robbie , 13 , confessed , " I blushed when I saw her .
After a while , though , many people want to feel more connected to the person they 're with .
Like Lexie , 13 , who said , " When you have a crush you are afraid to talk to them and you have butterflies ,
and when you are in love you can talk about anything with them and feel comfortable " .
There 's nothing wrong with having a relationship that 's based on attraction if a couple just wants to have fun or does n't feel ready to have deeper emotional ties , of course .
But when both people decide they want to become closer , that 's when a relationship deepens into love .
Closeness
Closeness is the bond that a couple develops when they feel comfortable enough to share thoughts and feelings that they do n't share with anyone else .
The connection between them deepens to include qualities like trust , respect , and honesty .
More Than a Crush Caroline , 15 , told us when she knew her relationship had grown into more than just a crush :
" A crush is totally different than love because a crush is the feeling that you really like them because they 're cute .
But love is like to trust , care , worry , and know each other better than anyone else .
I 'm totally in love with my boyfriend " .
Anthony , 16 , said , " She gets me like no other person or any other relationship I 've ever had .
We just have this amazing connection between each other ,
we 're able to talk about whatever with each other " .
Davia , 17 , told us " A crush is filled with infatuation .
But you know it 's love when he sticks by your side when you get into a car accident , or even when your hair is n't done , or when your clothes do n't match " .
Sharing Similarities , Respecting Differences
Most of the time we grow close to people who have the same values and beliefs , or people who have qualities that we admire .
This is something that experts call consensual validation .
It means that we seek out people who mirror who we are as a way of reaffirming our values , beliefs , actions , and opinions .
The deeper bonds that are part of feeling really close to another person go beyond simply liking the same music and TV shows , supporting the same sports team , or other superficial things .
True closeness is about sharing similar beliefs  for example , following the same religion .
It also means having the same principles  like valuing honesty or showing respect .
Misbah , 13 , told us how important it is to share the same religion as her boyfriend :
" Well , he 's a Muslim , so yah !
He 's really close to the religion and he 's HOT at the same time !
He has respect for the female race , for his family , and ME " .
Growing close also means seeing past things that might seem different on the surface .
Musaka , 17 , told us about his experience overcoming superficial differences :
" It was this girl at my school .
I really felt something was similar between me and her .
I know I 'm black and she is white , but we are more similar than I thought .
And now I really love her " .
It takes time to learn about each other and discover the deeper connections .
Amanda , 17 , said , " We had so many things in common and we did n't know about them until we started to hang out " .
But closeness is not all about what you have in common .
Ironically , when two people are really close , they are better equipped to deal with the things they do n't agree on .
Tyesha , 16 , told us she and her boyfriend understand that every person is unique , that no two people are completely alike .
" He respects all my decisions and choices that I make " , she said .
" We have our opinions about things " .
Pippa , 15 , said , " We talk about anything and he does n't get mad if we disagree on something .
If something bugs him he tells me and does n't try to play it off .
It 's the same on my side .
I tell him what I think and we work it out " .
Best Friends
Closeness in a romance is like closeness between best friends  but with the added spark of physical attraction .
Lots of you told us you 'd either fallen in love with a friend ,
or the person you fell in love with became your best friend .
Dez , 15 , told us that being in love was " like having a best friend as a boyfriend " .
Rebecca , 17 , told us how she fell in love with a guy who was her best friend :
" After I broke up with one guy I was having a really hard time " .
She says that her guy friend " offered an ear to listen with a shoulder to cry .
In my heart I just knew he was the ' one . ' It 's almost been a year now " .
Matthew , 15 , said , " My ex-girlfriend and I were in love .
Today she is one of my best friends and we always are there looking out for each other .
We love each other and even though we are n't together now we still have deep feelings for each other " .
Breakups are painful  especially if you 're new to feeling in love .
Niki , 13 , said , " We connected in a special way and when we broke up it felt like there was an elephant sitting on my chest " .
Some of you are realistic .
You realize that people change so much in their teens that love can end
 so you 'll appreciate the uniqueness of every relationship while it lasts .
" We have been going out for almost 7 months , and I just came to a realization that I love him " , Hannah , 16 , told us .
" I am not sure if I am going to spend the rest of my life with him ,
but I can see us being together for a whole lot longer than I had first ever intended or imagined " .
Couples who connect often choose to deepen their relationships through commitment .
Commitment
Commitment is loyalty .
Together you 've made a decision to stick with each other through the ups and downs that are part of any relationship .
Lots of you mentioned the things that you see as important when a relationship reaches this stage : honesty , fidelity , trust .
Jayde , 13 , said she looks for , " Personality , honesty . Someone who won't be looking around or cheating , etc " .
William , 18 , told us that his girlfriend " was able to be by my side , even in my worst condition " .
Kaitlyn , 15 , said , " We 're always there for one another and have always kept our promises .
For Christmas he gave me a promise ring , and that 's a serious deal . "
Learning From the Good ( and the Bad )
Perhaps you 're dating as a way to fit in with the social scene , like Darian , 13 , who is , " happy because I am not single " .
Or maybe your relationship is mostly about fun and flirtation ,
like Sierra , 13 , who told us , " I just want to be around him all the time , you know , just to hang out  we love basketball games " !
like Thomas , 16 , who says , " I love feeling like someone loves me ( who 's not my parents ) and will always be there " .
Or perhaps you 're in a serious relationship ,
Whatever you 're looking for right now , relationships are a great way to learn about love , and what you may want in the future .
Our relationships  current and past  become part of who we are .
Whether they last for weeks , years , or forever , they provide us with memories , mostly happy ones .
Breanna , 17 , told us , " I know he loves me for who I am .
He is my first love , and I will always have a special place in my heart for him " .
The Greek crisis The end of the marathon ?
Feb 21st 2012 , 5 : 47 by The Economist | BRUSSELS
" I HAVE learnt that marathon is indeed a Greek word " . Thus spoke Olli Rehn , the European monetary affairs commissioner , at the end of a 14-hour negotiating session that produced a second bailout package for Greece this morning .
This had been agreed in principle at a European summit in July last year .
But political turmoil in Greece , hesitation in the euro zone  and an ever-worsening fiscal hole caused by an ever-deepening recession  made the deal elusive for months .
It was concluded before dawn this morning after finance ministers , the European Central Bank and representatives of private creditors squeezed the numbers to produce a package that was deemed both politically acceptable to creditors and provided Greece with something it reckoned to be sustainable .
As explained in my earlier post , the negotiators were working within self-imposed constraints .
According to the final statement , the deal is expected to bring down Greece 's debt ratio to 120.5 % of GDP in 2020 , while requiring no more than  130 billion ( $ 173 billion ) in additional finance in the coming two years .
To square the circle , ministers have applied the file to several aspects .
Private creditors have accepted a haircut of 53.5 % of the nominal value of Greek bonds they hold , plus a reduction in the coupon for new bonds , starting at 2 % and rising to 4.3 % from 2020 .
This amounts to a loss of net present value of about 75 % ( up from the 21 % originally agreed in July . )
A 50 basis-point reduction in interest rate charged by euro-zone members on their bailout loans to Greece , applied retroactively .
This is justified by reference to the profits that will be made by the European Central Bank ( ECB ) on the discounted bonds it had bought earlier in the crisis .
This will be redistributed to national central banks , which will pass them on national governments .
This roundabout flow is to avoid any semblance of monetary financing of Greece .
By contrast , governments promise to pass on directly to Greece any profits made by their central banks on Greek bonds they currently hold .
All this is made conditional on Greece completing a set of " prior actions " by the end of the month  for example , reducing the minimum wage to make labour markets more flexible  and submitting to an " enhanced and permanent " monitoring of European Commission officials in Greece .
In particular , Greece will be expected to deposit a quarter 's worth of debt-service payments into a " segregated account " that will be monitored by the troika ( made up of the commission , the ECB and the IMF . )
Over the next two months Greece has promised to adopt legislation " ensuring that priority is granted to debt-servicing payments , " with a view to enshrining this in the constitution " as soon as possible . "
These arrangements may not amount to the budget " commissar " once threatened by some creditors ,
but the effect may be pretty much the same .
Christine Lagarde , the IMF head who attended the meeting , declined to say how much her organisation would contribute .
But it is clear it will be not be the one-third share that the IMF has so far borne in euro-zone bailouts .
Mrs Lagarde also made clear that the IMF 's view would be coloured by whether the euro zone creates a more credible firewall against contagion .
This would be done by allowing the current temporary rescue fund , with about  250 billion of lending capacity , to run alongside a permanent new system with about  500 billion .
A decision is expected at a European summit on March 1st .
The euro zone claims all this amounts to " a comprehensive blueprint for putting the public finances and the economy of Greece back on a sustainable footing . "
But a leak of the troika 's debt-sustainability analysis makes clear that the second bailout may well fail .
In adverse conditions , ie if Greece does not enact structural reforms , the debt ratio could remain at 160 % of GDP in 2020 .
The politics of imposing a near protectorate on Greece may turn yet more poisonous
( see my earlier post on the depiction of German leaders as Nazis ) .
Mrs Lagarde makes no secret that there are " downside risks . "
But she argued that , by placing greater focus on reforms to boost Greece 's productivity  rather than simply on reducing the budget deficit  Greece will have a better chance of returning to growth .
European assistance and close monitoring increases the chance of success .
Still , helping Greece remains a huge gamble , and today the euro zone has just agreed to double its stake .
Techies talk of Zuckerberg 's law , which states that every year , the amount of information people willingly share will double .
It 's rare for a single person -- let alone someone so young , at age 27 -- to be credited with shaping a fundamental condition of our age .
But the law is n't just a human urge ;
it 's a response to Facebook 's widening , ever-inviting platform .
This past year brought more sharing of music and news , and a timeline of users ' lives .
More important are the leaked documents that indicate how lucrative all that sharing is :
Facebook may be more profitable than Amazon , netting almost $ 1 billion off of more than $ 3 billion in revenue .
Its success in display advertising will only intensify its rivalry with Google .
We assign Facebook a few demerits for its habit of overreaching into users ' privacy , apologizing , and then only slightly rolling back the offending policy .
But then again , Mark Zuckerberg knows we 'll all just accept it eventually .
Millions of years ago , plants created muds and channeled rivers , which ultimately led to forests and farmland .
Astronomers are finding lots of exoplanets that are orbiting stars like the sun , significantly raising the odds that we will find a similar world .
But if we do , the chance that the surface of that planet will look like ours is very small , thanks to an unlikely culprit :
plants .
We all know how Earth 's landscape came about , right ?
Oceans and land masses formed , mountains rose , and precipitation washed over its surface ;
rivers weathered bare rock to create soil and plants took root .
Well , new research indicates that the last stage of this scenario is not right .
Vascular plants  those with structures such as xylem and phloem that can conduct water  are what created the rivers and muds that built the soils that led to forests and farmland .
The evidence that vascular plants were a primary force that shaped Earth 's surface is laid out in a special issue of Nature Geoscience , posted online today .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group ) .
In one article , Timothy Lenton , an Earth systems scientist at the University of Exeter in England , presents data from the biogeochemical record showing that the evolution of vascular plants around 450 million years ago is what really began to soak up carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , more so than organisms in the oceans .
As a result , global temperatures dropped , initiating a cycle of widespread glaciation and melting that , over millions more years , would significantly grind Earth 's surface .
Perhaps even more surprisingly , vascular plants formed the kinds of rivers we see around us today , according to another article by Martin Gibling of Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia and Neil Davies of the University of Ghent in Belgium , who analyzed sediment deposition going back hundreds of millions of years .
Before the era of plants , water ran over Earth 's landmasses in broad sheets , with no defined courses .
Only when enough vegetation grew to break down rock into minerals and mud , and then hold that mud in place , did river banks form and begin to channel the water .
The channeling led to periodic flooding that deposited sediment over broad areas , building up rich soil .
The soil allowed trees to take root .
Their woody debris fell into the rivers , creating logjams that rapidly created new channels and caused even more flooding , setting up a feedback loop that eventually supported forests and fertile plains .
" Sedimentary rocks , before plants , contained almost no mud " , explains Gibling , a professor of Earth science at Dalhousie .
" But after plants developed , the mud content increased dramatically .
Muddy landscapes expanded greatly .
A new kind of eco-space was created that was n't there before " .
" Plants are not passive passengers on the planet 's surface system " , Gibling says .
" They create the surface system .
Organisms tool the environment : the atmosphere , the landscapes , the oceans all develop incredible complexity once plant life grows " .
So as Nature Geoscience 's editors state in an editorial for their special edition , " Even if there are a number of planets that could support tectonics , running water and the chemical cycles that are essential for life as we know it , it seems unlikely that any of them would look like Earth " .
Because even if plants do sprout , they will evolve differently , crafting a different surface on the orb they call home .
Does China 's Cat-Eyed Boy Really Have Night Vision ?
by Natalie Wolchover , Life 's Little Mysteries Staff Writer
According to a news report from China , a young boy there possesses the ability to see in the dark .
Like a Siamese cat 's , his sky-blue eyes flash neon green when illuminated by a flashlight ,
and his night vision is good enough to enable him to fill out questionnaires while sitting in a pitch black room
 or so say the reporters who visited Nong Yousui in his hometown of Dahua three years ago .
The footage of Nong and his strange-looking eyes originally surfaced in 2009 ;
it got little attention at the time , but is now making a splash all over the Web .
If the boy really does have a genetic mutation that confers night vision , then he would be an interesting subject for analysis by vision scientists , evolutionary biologists , and genetic engineers alike
 but does he ?
The experts we shared the video with say Nong does have unusually colored irises considering his ethnicity , but he 's not the next step in human evolution .
Night vision is made possible by a layer of cells , called the tapetum lucidum , in the eyes of cats and other nocturnal animals .
This thin layer is a " retroreflector "  when a beam of light hits it , it reflects the light directly back along its incoming path .
The reflected beam constructively interferes with the incoming light beam , amplifying the overall signal that hits the retina and enabling the animal to see in very low-light conditions .
Retroreflection also causes cat eyes to flash when they are lit upon at night ,
and experts say Nong 's eyes , if they are truly catlike , should do the same .
" It would be easy to test the boy 's eyes for retroreflection ( eyeshine , ) which would be indicative of a tapetum lucidum " , said Nathaniel Greene , a physicist at Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania who has studied retroreflection .
In fact , such a test is run in the video .
In the footage , Nong 's teacher claims the boy 's eyes flash when shined with a flashlight in the dark .
When Nong 's eyes are illuminated in the dark , they appear normal .
James Reynolds , a pediatric ophthalmologist at State University of New York in Buffalo , noted , " A video could capture [ eyeshine ] easily , just like in nature films of leopards at night . "
Furthermore , there is no single genetic mutation that could produce a fully formed and functioning tapetum lucidum , Reynolds explained ; such an ability would require multiple mutations , which would n't occur all at once .
Evolution happens incrementally , he said , not by leaps and bounds .
" Evolutionarily , mutations can result in differences that allow for new environmental niche exploitation . But such mutations are modified over long periods . A functional tapetum in a human would be just as absurd as a human born with wings . It can't happen " , he told Life 's Little Mysteries .
On the other hand , in the footage , the reporters gave Nong a questionnaire to fill out while sitting in a dark room ,
and they acted surprised by his ability to see and complete the fill-in-the-blank form .
Even if he does n't have cat eyes , he may nevertheless have unusually good night vision , Reynolds said .
He could have a rod-rich retina , for example  a retina that contains a higher than usual number of cells involved in light detection .
Or the video could be a total hoax .
" It is hard to say what the truth is about this boy " , said Dennis Brooks , professor of ophthalmology at the University of Florida 's College of Veterinary Medicine . " A good ophthalmic examination by a physician ophthalmologist is in order , I think " .
Whip up a main-meal soup in next to no time , perfect for a quick lunch and ready in just 10 minutes
Ingredients
Serves 4
l shot vegetable stock
400 g tin chopped tomatoes
100 g thin spaghetti , broken into short lengths
350 g frozen mixed vegetables
4 tbsp Pesto
Drizzle of olive oil
Coarsely grated vegetarian parmesan-style cheese , to serve
Method
Bring the stock to the boil with the tomatoes , then add the spaghetti and cook for 6 mins or until done .
A few minutes before the pasta is ready , add the vegetables and bring back to the boil .
Simmer for 2 mins until everything is cooked .
Serve in bowls drizzled with pesto and oil , sprinkled with parmesan .
Breaking spaghetti
The easiest way to break the spaghetti is to wrap it in a clean tea towel and , holding it with both hands , bash it against the side of a table to break it into small pieces .
Nutrition
per serving 162 kcalories ,
protein 8.0 g ,
carbohydrate 30.0 g ,
fat 2.0 g ,
saturated fat 0.0 g ,
fibre 6.0 g ,
salt 0.54 g .
Powerful People Feel Taller Than They Really Are
Experiment demonstrates how a powerful feeling feeds back into self-perception of height .
Language can reveal all kinds of truths about our psychology .
Take these expressions :
He 's the big man on this project .
We look up to her .
Lady Gaga is huge .
He puts her on a pedestal .
It 's not hard to see the strong association here between size and power that 's embedded in the way we talk about the relations between people .
The reason why is almost too obvious to bother stating :
larger people quite often do have more power .
As children our parents , teachers and all our authority figures are taller than us .
In adult life taller people earn higher salaries , are more likely to be in higher status jobs and more likely to end up US president .
And men are taller than women and have historically enjoyed more power .
But does the connection go both ways ?
Can being powerful also make us feel taller ?
That 's what Duguid and Goncalo ( 2012 ) checked out in this neat study .
Power up First they measured participants ' actual heights , then paired them up .
For each pair , one person was assigned the role of the boss and the other the employee .
This was apparently done on the basis of a leadership aptitude test , but actually the results were chucked away and the leadership and employee roles were assigned randomly .
The ' leader ' was told that they would have complete power during the task and that the employee must accept this .
This ensured that one person in each pair felt more powerful .
Afterwards , as part of what they were told was different task , participants filled in another questionnaire .
Hidden in this they were asked their height again .
So now the experimenters had two measures of height :
one before the power manipulation and one after .
An inch taller The results showed that before the manipulation both groups averaged about 66 inches in height .
But after the manipulation , those in the lower-power condition reckoned themselves to be , on average , 65.80 inches tall while those in the high-power condition had apparently grown to 67.01 inches .
A couple of other studies by the same researchers also showed this connection between power and height .
When people felt more powerful , they also felt taller .
This shows that the connection between mind and body goes both ways in relation to power .
We already know that people who stand in ' power poses , ' feel more powerful
( see : 10 Simple Postures That Boost Performance ) ,
and this study is showing us the connection the other way :
that feeling more powerful changes our perception of our own bodies .
Organic molecules found on alien world for first time
Organic molecules  in the form of methane  have been detected on a planet outside our solar system for the first time .
The giant planet lies too close to its parent star for the methane to signal life ,
but the detection offers hope that astronomers will one day be able to analyse the atmospheres of Earth-like worlds .
Astronomers Mark Swain and Gautam Vasisht of Caltech in Pasadena , US , and Giovanna Tinetti of University College London , UK , used the Hubble Space Telescope to observe the giant planet HD 189733b , which is slightly more massive than Jupiter and lies 63 light years from Earth .
Because the planet crosses the face of its parent star as seen from Earth , some starlight is periodically filtered through the planet 's atmosphere , where different chemicals absorb particular wavelengths .
The observations confirm an earlier tentative detection of water vapour and reveal the presence of methane gas .
" Initially , that is surprising " , says Sara Seager of MIT in Cambridge , US , who was not involved in the study .
Because HD 189733b orbits very close to its parent star  just 10 % of Mercury 's distance from the Sun , it is very hot , with atmospheric temperatures of about 700 Celsius .
" When the temperature is this high , the dominant form of carbon should be carbon monoxide , not methane " , says Seager .
The authors suggest that some ill-understood chemical process might be responsible , either concentrating the methane in cooler parts of the atmosphere , or generating extra methane directly .
Alternatively , the methane might simply mean that the planet happens to be very rich in carbon , Seager says .
This combination of water and organic molecules would be a promising one for life if it were found in a less hostile spot than the atmosphere of a searing gas giant .
Eventually , astronomers hope to be able to analyse the atmospheres of smaller planets more akin to the Earth , and the new study is a big step in that direction , says Seager .
" The path that we' re on is towards rocky planets " , she told New Scientist . " I 'm really excited about this " .
Kissinger 's 1971 Downing Street lunch that never was
Story of lunch was made up to explain US envoy 's absence as he held secret talks in Beijing ahead of Nixon 's visit to China
Luke Harding Henry Kissinger in his White House office in Washington .
Photograph :
AP
The year was 1971 , and Downing Street let it be known that an important US visitor was dropping in for lunch .
His name was Henry Kissinger and he had flown over to talk about Vietnam and other urgent international matters .
No. 10 sent out a list of those who had met Kissinger in London  the prime minister , Edward Heath , the foreign secretary , Sir Alec Douglas Home , the cabinet secretary Sir Burke Trend and other heavyweight ministers .
There was one problem with the story :
according to a former diplomat , it was not true .
Instead of lunching in London , Kissinger was thousands of miles away in Beijing , holding secret talks with the Chinese and paving the way for Richard Nixon 's historic visit to China in 1972 .
Speaking to the BBC 's Today programme , Charles Powell , then a junior diplomat in Washington , confessed that the British embassy had been instructed to cook up a cover story to explain Kissinger 's mysterious absence from the White House .
He said they invented a four-day trip to London , featuring talks with the Foreign Office , discussion of the US 's national security council , and an agreeable but wholly fictitious luncheon party in No 10 .
" We were asked to provide some cover for Dr. Kissinger 's secret visits ' somewhere , ' by pretending he was in the countryside talking to the then cabinet secretary " , Powell said .
" He [ Kissinger ] needed to have an excuse to be where he was , and talking to the British cabinet secretary was a perfectly credible excuse " .
The apparent deception worked :
Fleet Street was duped .
The Observer 's diplomatic correspondent faithfully reported that Kissinger had talked to British officials about the west 's response " to the latest Soviet peace offensive ,
particularly Mr. Brezhnev 's proposal for a five-power conference on nuclear disarmament . "
The Times included the luncheon at the top of its court and circular pages .
( The next engagement , for a visiting delegation of Dutch scientists , was hosted by Heath 's ambitious secretary for education and science , Margaret Thatcher ) .
And the Guardian told its readers that Nixon 's " influential national security adviser " had made a " short visit to London . "
It is hard to imagine No. 10 getting away with a similar whopper today .
But Heath and his cabinet were part of a war generation good at keeping secrets , and were accustomed to cold war habits of subterfuge and deceit .
Ironically , Heath was probably the least pro-Washington prime minister of the postwar era , with a soft spot for China , whose government he later advised .
Speaking to Today , Powell  later Thatcher 's foreign policy adviser  hailed Nixon 's China visit in 1972 and his talks with Mao Zedong as a " huge moment " that irrevocably altered the world 's strategic balance , weakening the Soviet Union and undermining its leadership role in the communist world .
It fed in , he said , to the eventual end of the cold war in the 1980s under Ronald Reagan and Thatcher .
The lunch that never was took place on 26 June 1971 .
The next month  with Nixon 's forthcoming extraordinary China trip now public  the Guardian 's Hella Pick wrote that British officials had known about the secret Beijing talks in advance .
Pick , however , was quick to shoot down the suggestion that Britain enjoyed special relations with Washington , or was its preferred ally .
" The French government and several other European governments were also given some advance notice of President Nixon 's China speech " , she reported drily .
Ends
U.S. filmmakers won improved access to China 's $ 2.1 billion box-office market in an agreement that resolves a five-year dispute between the two countries at the World Trade Organization .
The deal , announced yesterday as Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping wrapped up his U.S. visit , will increase the number of American films shown in China and gives producers such as Walt Disney Co. , Viacom Inc. and Time Warner Inc. a " fairer " slice of ticket receipts , according to a White House statement .
Trade dominated the agenda of the visit by Xi , who is expected to be China 's next leader .
The Asian nation is the second-biggest U.S. trade partner , and two-way commerce rose 10 percent last year to $ 503.2 billion .
Xi 's tour included stops in Washington for talks with President Barack Obama ;
Iowa , where China agreed to buy $ 4.3 billion of soybeans ;
and to the Port of Los Angeles , the biggest entry point for Chinese goods .
The movie agreement will support " thousands of American jobs in and around the film industry " , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said in the e-mailed statement .
Access to China 's film market has been a point of friction .
The Chinese government last year failed to meet a WTO deadline to lift restrictions on U.S. movies .
The industry is a key export for the U.S. , which enjoys a $ 12 billion global trade surplus on films and other audiovisual products , the White House said .
3-D , IMAX
China is one of the world 's fastest growing film markets .
In 2010 , the Asia Pacific box office grew by 21 percent , the Motion Picture Association of America said in February 2011 .
China accounted for 40 percent of the growth .
In 2011 , China 's box office reached $ 2.1 billion , the MPAA said yesterday , without saying what the percentage increase was .
Under the agreement , China will ease restrictions on enhanced formats such as 3-D and IMAX Corp. widescreen technology , enhance commercial terms for filmmakers and open up the state 's monopoly on distribution , the White House statement said .
The MPAA said the agreement would let 50 percent more U.S. films into the Chinese market . China , which now allows 20 foreign films into its market each year , will permit an added 14 enhanced-format films , said Howard Gantman , a spokesman for the MPAA , which represents Hollywood 's biggest movie studios .
Under the new revenue-sharing contract , studios will get 25 percent of box-office proceeds , up from the current 13 percent .
' Significant Opportunity '
Some Hollywood movies get around the quota if they are Chinese co-productions or if some filming takes place in the country .
The deal " represents a significant opportunity " , Disney CEO Robert A . Iger said .
Warner Bros. Chairman and CEO Barry Meyer said : " This begins a new era in the history of our relationship " .
While the biggest studios will reap benefits , independent filmmakers also saw promise in China 's agreement to allow more local distributors and increase the transparency of its censorship and importatant decisions .
" For independents , this agreement is momentous " , Jean Prewitt , president and CEO of the Independent Film &amp; Television Alliance , said in a statement .
The U.S. had complained to the WTO that China was violating obligations made when it joined the body in 2001 .
" We will further increase our imports from other countries , in light of our social and economic development and consumer demand " , Xi , 58 , said at a luncheon yesterday , joined by Biden and California officials .
" We will actively expand imports from the U.S. , including from L.A. "
The U.S. exported more than $ 100 billion of products and services to China in 2011 , Biden said .
Xi 's trip also highlighted an announcement that DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. , creator of the " Kung Fu Panda " films , formed a venture with Chinese state-owned companies to develop entertainment projects there .
The agreement with China Media Capital and two other groups will create Oriental DreamWorks . DreamWorks Animation will own about 45 percent of the company , according to a statement .
Oriental DreamWorks will be capitalized with cash and intellectual property valued at $ 330 million , the companies said .
China Media Capital , along with Shanghai Media Group and Shanghai Alliance Investment Ltd. , will own about 55 percent .
They plan to begin operations in Shanghai this year .
Villaraigosa , Brown " This is a huge bet for the future for us " , Jeffrey Katzenberg , DreamWorks Animation 's chief executive officer , said in an interview .
" If we succeed , this opportunity is greater than anything else we could be doing .
It 's a long-term bet , but it is in what unquestionably will be the largest entertainment market in the world " .
DreamWorks Animation , based in Glendale , California , rose 0.9 percent to $ 19.52 yesterday in New York .
The stock has gained 17.6 percent this year .
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who accompanied Xi on his visit to the city , said China 's ZTE Corp. telecom company will expand business there and across California .
The city also plans to open a trade and tourism office in Chongqing , China , after last year setting up one in Beijing .
Obama told Xi China 's yuan remains undervalued relative to the dollar .
The U.S. also disagrees with China 's decision to veto United Nations Security Council calls for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down , Biden said .
Xi is " absolutely responsive when we disagree -- it 's a clear statement of disagreement " , Biden told reporters .
California Governor Jerry Brown and Villaraigosa joined Xi for a tour of China Shipping ( Group ) Co. 's Los Angeles cargo terminal .
China Shipping is doubling the size of the facility to 142 acres as part of a $ 121 million expansion to be completed in 2014 .
After leaving Los Angeles , Xi flies to Ireland for an official visit .
He then travels to Turkey to meet with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara on Feb. 21 before returning to China .
Ancient towers and skyscrapers stand side-by-side in Wuhu , Anhui province .
Many people from Wuhu , Anhui province , choose to return to their hometown to spend their twilight days - even though they have lived in other big cities for years .
" The city is smaller , but we have everything here " , the elderly always say to me .
Every time I return to Wuhu , the first thing I do is take a walk along the bank of the Yangtze River , which is just 300 meters from my home .
Watching the waves splashing against rocks , enjoying the beautiful sunset and hearing the roaring engines of fishing boats , I feel at ease
- and this is one of the best things about Wuhu .
The urban area spreads along the riverbank like a ribbon .
I used to walk from the westernmost part to the east within an hour .
Now the walk takes longer as the city is getting " fatter , " with more residential areas .
The 309-km-long Qingyi River flows into the Yangtze in downtown Wuhu .
The alluvia in the estuary offers a lot of fun .
Many ships sank there in the ancient times , so you may find treasures or antiques if you are lucky .
I went there a couple of times , but only found some fragments of bowls and vases from the Ming Dynasty ( 1368 - 1644 . )
The merchants from southern Anhui province were a strong power in the country 's economy from the 14th century to the late 19th century .
They transported tea , paper , rice and salt on the Qingyi River to Wuhu and then transferred it via the Yangtze to other parts of the country .
During its prime in the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1911 , ) the port city was a commercial hub boasting one of the biggest rice markets along the Yangtze .
During the 19th century , as a result of concessions granted in the aftermath of the Opium Wars , Wuhu 's riverfront was carved up into foreign mercantile divisions , with port facilities .
As Western merchants and missionaries swarmed in , the local merchants ' business began to fade .
Along the city 's riverfront , there remain some grand buildings designed in European style .
St. Joseph Catholic Church , one of the largest cathedrals in eastern China , stands on the riverbank , accompanied by a Western-style former customs building .
Foreign missionaries also established the city 's first modern school and hospital , which are both in working order today .
The scene may remind you of the Bund in Shanghai .
Indeed , Wuhu was called " Little Shanghai " in the early 1900s for its multicultural atmosphere and booming manufacturing industry .
Wuhu , which means " a lake filled with wild weeds , " got its name in the Western Han Dynasty ( 206 BC - AD 24 . )
Mirror Lake , one of the city 's must-see sites , is adjacent to Zhongshan Pedestrian Street , the city 's busiest commercial district , which is named after Dr Sun Yat-sen because of his visit in 1912 .
Put Beijing 's Wufujing Street beside Hangzhou 's picturesque West Lake - that 's how it feels .
This artificial lake was dug in the Southern Song Dynasty ( 1127 - 1279 ) and was named Tao Pond in honor of the famous poet in the 4th century , Tao Yuanming .
Despite its closeness to the shopping center , you can still easily escape from the hustle and bustle and enjoy a peaceful moment in the park along the lakeshore .
You can take a picture on a zigzagging bridge against the backdrop of a mirror-like lake and the virid Mount Zheshan in the distance .
The 84-meter-high hill is an extinct volcano and one of the highest points in the urban area .
It 's easy to spend hours by the lake - sitting on a park bench shaded by willows , having a cup of tea and chatting with old friends .
Forgiveness is not something that is easy to do for most Christians .
It is especially difficult for Christians to offer forgiveness when the offender is not a close person and the offense was serious .
But Christians are commanded in the Bible by Jesus to offer forgiveness to each other , just as they expect God to do the same for them .
The Bible has so much to say about forgiveness .
In Matthew 6 : 14-15 ( NIV ) , Jesus tells His listeners to be prudent in this matter of forgiveness so as not to jeopardize the forgiveness they will receive from God when they sin .
Christians can have their prayers hindered if they do not practice forgiveness .
Jesus gives us a model of how to pray in what we know as the Lord 's Prayer found in Matthew 6 : 9-13 ( NIV ) .
Verse 12 of the Lord 's Prayer says we are to ask God 's forgiveness just as we have already forgiven others .
In other words , the believer extends forgiveness to others before asking it of God .
By not following this model of forgiving others first , it 's unlikely that your prayers will be answered .
Proverbs 28 : 9 ( NIV ) says that if anyone refuses to listen to God 's instruction that this person 's prayers are detestable .
Of course God 's instruction includes extending forgiveness to others .
Mark 11 : 25 ( NIV ) also says that if you hold something against anyone when praying that you are to forgive that person so that your sins will be forgiven .
The Bible tells us to offer forgiveness while being patient .
It says in Colossians 3 : 13 ( NIV ) that we are to bear with each other , meaning to be patient .
This passage also says that as we are patient , we combine our patience with forgiveness .
Patience is another difficult characteristic to develop and practice ;
and just like forgiveness , it does not come natural .
Forgiveness is something Christians must do repeatedly .
Matthew 18 : 21-22 ( NIV ) tells us that the believer must forgive a brother who trespasses 77 times .
The important point is not the number of times forgiveness must be extended but instead the reality that Christians must do it frequently for the remainder of their earthly lives .
What if the other person will not give you forgiveness ?
You cannot force another person to grant you forgiveness if you have wronged them .
The Bible verses on forgiveness all state that you are to examine your own heart and forgive the other person first .
If you have wronged someone and expressed your sorrow , or compensated for damages , then you 've done all you can do .
If the other person is a believer , then he or she has the same responsibility to forgive ;
but it is purely a matter between this person and God .
Forgiveness among Christians does not always restore trust .
Christians mistakenly think that forgiveness and trust are the same but they are not .
Remember that trust is something that you earn by doing what you say .
On the other hand , forgiveness means that you are releasing the other person and choosing not to retaliate or " pay back " him or her .
We are only told as Christians to trust God but not necessarily others .
Trust can only be built after the untrustworthy person establishes a track record of appropriate behavior .
For example , in Genesis 50 : 15-21 ( NIV ) , the Bible tells us how Joseph restored a relationship with his brothers who had sold him years before into slavery .
Joseph probably forgave his brothers many years earlier , but now he was ready to restore a relationship with them after he saw their repentance and after he realized that the entire ordeal was meant by God for good .
The Post 's Steve Serby sat down with Knicks point guard Jeremy Lin to talk about his life as an instant New York superstar , his faith and more .
Q : Describe what it's like being Jeremy Lin today .
A : It's a lot going on right now and just trying to catch my breath every day ,
just something different every day , just taking it one day at a time and . . . living a dream ,
but also realizing with this comes a lot of responsibility .
Q : And a loss of privacy ?
A : And a loss of privacy .
Q : How do you feel about that ?
A : It's obviously a little tough , just because I 'm kind of more low key and private .
But it 's a good opportunity , it 's a good platform .
Q : You want to use that platform for what ?
A : For God , for God 's glory ,
and I think that's shown in a lot of different ways .
It simply could be the way I live my life , what I talk about in my interviews , what I talk about through social media .
It could be what I do in my spare time , what I do through my foundation . . .
just a lot of different areas . . .
how I spend my offseason .
Q : Knicks fans are afraid to pinch themselves right now  do you not want to pinch yourself right now ?
A : Yeah , let's keep this going ( smiles ) .
Q : Your 17 jersey is the No. 1 seller in the NBA , is that hard to believe ?
A : I mean , I think it 'll be like that for a little bit . . .
and then things will resume to the way they were before ( chuckles ) .
Q : Why do you say that ?
A : Because right now , this is the thing that 's going on , and the Knicks are just a team that everyone 's watching , and so you 'll see a spike in jersey sales like when ( Tim ) Tebow first started , his jerseys went up , and then as the season went on , it kind of leveled out .
Q : How does that make you feel though ?
A : I think it 's awesome , I 'm thankful for that , for sure .
I love the fans , no question .
Q : What do you love about Knicks fans ?
A : I love when they bring positive energy , like they have been , the last two weeks .
Because when they 're rooting for you , and they 're rooting for you hard , man , there 's no better place to play and there 's no better atmosphere to play in .
Q : Do you think you have a home-court advantage ?
A : Of course . Definitely . You can see we play well at home .
Q : Define swagger , because you have it now , and I don't think you always had that swagger .
A : I would say I show more emotion now .
And I let it all hang , like I did in high school .
I got away from it a little bit in college , and I got away from it a lot , altogether last year , because it got to the point where I was just trying to play to prove to everyone I belong here , I 'm not a marketing tool , this and that , this and that . . . .
I can be in the rotation whatever whatever , and I lost my joy , and now it 's coming back and people see that in me .
Sometimes I 'm on the court and I just can't help but smile , and I never did that before the last couple of years .
Q : That's a terrible thing when you lose your joy , isn't it ?
A : Absolutely .
I think now that I remind myself I 'm playing for God .
It frees me of all the other pressures that I was dealing with .
Q : Would the best compliment for you be for someone to say , " He makes his teammates better ? "
A : I think that would be the second-best compliment .
The best would be , " When I see Jeremy play , I see him play for God and I see him bring joy on the court " .
Q : What would people be surprised to learn about you ?
A : I love playing live video games . . .
and I eat way more than anybody else .
Q : You 're the biggest eater on the team ?
A : Probably .
I do n't know how much everyone else eats ,
but I 've been historically one of the biggest eaters on any of my teams .
Q : How many marriage proposals have you gotten in the last two weeks ?
A : ( Smiles ) I do n't know .
It just depends  you mean including Twitter and signs and stuff ? 
I do n't know ( chuckles . )
Q : Do you have a girlfriend ?
A : No .
Q : Describe your ideal mate .
A : First she would really love God and be a faithful Christian ,
and then after that , I think , a desire to serve other people , to help with the underprivileged , do a lot of social work . . .
great personality and easy to be around .
Someone that 's definitely chill , low key , low maintenance .
Q : Are you more like your mother or father ?
A : My mom .
We 're both stubborn and headstrong and we both have more of a vocal personality .
Q : Scouting report on Jeremy Lin . How do you see yourself as a player ?
A : I think the scouting report is definitely do n't let me get to the basket , challenge my shots and . . .
let me go left before you let me go right . . .
try to be active and cause turnovers .
I think that 's the scouting report I 'd give against myself .
Q : What do you think makes you unique as a point guard ?
A : I think play-making , being creative and . . . making different types of plays , and having a variety , I guess .
Q : Do you get more pleasure distributing the ball than shooting it ?
A : I really like when a team . . . everyone 's hitting from all cylinders and there 's just nothing you can do to stop it .
Because when you stop one , something else gives .
That 's my favorite .
Q : Kind of like your high school [ Palo Alto ( Calif ) . High ] team ?
A : Exactly . I mean , we probably had all five starters in double figures .
Q : What do you hope Knicks fans are saying about you right now ?
A : I hope Knick fans are saying that it 's not about me ( chuckles . )
I hope they 're understanding that it 's a lot about the team right now  the team vibe and the team chemistry has a lot more to do than just one person can bring .
Q : I 've got bad news for you , they think it 's about you right now .
A : Well they 'll see soon enough .
I was trying to say the same thing at Harvard .
And now they 're seeing how well Harvard 's doing even though I 'm not there .
It 's not always about one player , so we 'll see .
Q : When you were sent down to the Developmental League , what was the low point emotionally for you ?
A : Any time I went to the D-League it was a low point for sure .
I HATED the D-League because in the D-League , you get judged based on your numbers .
In the NBA , you get judged based on  by your numbers as well , but more to do with team success .
In the D-League no one cares anything about your team .
I HATE playing on a team where all people care about is their numbers .
It 's just not how basketball is supposed to be played . It 's not an individual showcase .
Q : Did you ever think about giving up your dream ?
A : I mean at times I would say , " If this does n't work out , if this year does n't work out , if this continues , I may have to draw the line somewhere " .
Q : How do you feel about being an inspiration to so many people ?
A : I think it 's awesome because I 've been inspired , too .
And I think it 's important for any kid to have an inspiration .
I think right now the way society 's going , I think role models are important , and kids need direction .
If I did n't have that direction growing up , who knows what I could be doing ,
because I 've been lost many times in my life , and I 've had to have someone guide me back on the right path .
So any time I can do that and help other kids , I think that 's awesome .
Q : What was the worst instance when you were lost ?
A : I would probably just say when I was really , really arrogant , and ..
I just did n't listen to anybody , just my typical teenage years where it 's just rebelling .
I think I know everything .
I do n't need to hear anything from anybody , and I 'm just going to do it my own way .
Q : You 've decided on living in Manhattan . Why ?
A : My older brother 's there and my sister-in-law is there .
Q : First time you played at the Garden ?
A : I was with Golden State , and I played about a minute-and-a-half to two minutes , and had a turnover , a steal and an assist .
Q : What do you remember about stepping on the court for the first time ?
A : I remember walking in and I was like , " This isn't as big as I thought it would be " ( laughs . )
Q : So you were not awed .. but you do n't seem to be awed by anything .
A : Well when the game starts , it's all basketball .
Q : When you 're on the court now , has that really become a sanctuary for you ?
A : Yeah definitely .
It 's like our team is like our family .
And we go to battle on the court and we fight for each other and we trust in each other and we rely on each other and that's what it is on the court .
When we 're out there together , we do n't care about our phones , we do n't care about the media , no one can reach us .
It's just us , being us , playing for us .
It is , in some ways , a sanctuary .
Q : Favorite New York City things ?
A : The energy of the city , and playing in the Garden .
Q : Spike Lee ?
A : He 's very encouraging , and I 'm very thankful for that , and obviously he 's a big part of New York basketball .
Q : Athletes you admire ?
A : ( Tim ) Tebow . Yao Ming  he 's an unbelievable guy .. on and off the court .
I think what athletes do off the court is more impressive to me than what they do on the court .
Q : Who are the point guards you have liked watching over the years ?
A : Chris Paul , Steve Nash .
Q : Because ?
A : Because you can't measure their impact .
You look at a team with them on the court , and then the team without them on the court .
Q : What drives you ?
A : I would say knowing that what I 'm doing is glorifying God ,
in that He 's created me and blessed me with the talent to be able to play basketball , and then I make sure I do it the right way .
Q : Do you want to be a pastor ?
A : Somewhere down the road .
Q : Why ?
A : I just think like when I 'm done , I want to wake up every day knowing that I 'm doing something that will have an eternal impact and eternal consequence .
Q : One thing you would change about yourself if you could ?
A : Pride , I would say . Just dealing with pride , and the constant battle with that .
Q : What do you mean ?
A : I think everyone , to some degree , we all struggle with our own pride .
Learning to love people when we do n't want to love them ,
and to forgive people when we do n't want to forgive them ,
and to serve people who sometimes we feel like we 're above or we 're better or we 're smarter than , or whatever it may be .
Q : Superstitions ?
A : Pregame nap , and reading my Bible before the game .
Q : You read the Bible before every game ?
A : Yeah . I have to .
It gets me centered , gives me peace when I pray and read the Bible .
As athletes , it 's stressful sometimes . ..
I hate having a bad game , so sometimes I need to remind myself just to let everything go and just to be myself , have fun and just give my best effort .
Q : Biggest obstacle you faced growing up ?
A : I want to just say when I broke my ankle my junior year .
It was the night before the championship game .
That changed my whole life because before that , up to that point , I was a really bad practice player , I had a lot of attitude , I'd be kicked out of practice .
I just would n't listen to any of the coaches .
I felt like I was just the best player .
And once I broke my ankle it changed my whole perspective .
I just told myself , " I do n't know how long I'm going to be able to play because at any minute you can lose your career ,
and while I play , as many days as God gives me , I 'm going to make sure I go 100 percent " .
Motivation Tip :
Run on Monday
By Christine Luff
When I 'm planning out my weekly workouts , I always try to make sure I get a run or workout in on Monday .
Why Mondays ?
Starting out the week with a run sets the tone and pattern for the rest of the week .
You 're beginning the week the way you want the rest of it to go .
Running on Monday also helps if you know you want to get in a certain number of runs during the week .
It means that you 're starting the week with one already under your belt and some miles in the bank .
Feeling that sense of accomplishment so early in the week gives you a boost of motivation and confidence that you can take through the week .
Also , social events are less likely to pop up on a Monday evening ,
so your evening running plans are unlikely to get derailed by a last-minute invitation to dinner .
You can make it to the gym without feeling like you 're missing out on something .
And , let's face it , Mondays can be stressful !
Running is a great stress reliever and a good way to help you deal with the challenges of a new week .
Brushing one's teeth has long been considered an important part of dental care .
As long ago as 3000 BC ancient Egyptians constructed crude toothbrushes from twigs and leaves to clean their teeth .
Similarly , other cultures such as the Greeks , Romans , and Indians cleaned their teeth with twigs .
Some would fray one end of the twig so that it could penetrate between the teeth more effectively .
Modern medical research has shown that brushing teeth properly can prevent cavities , and periodontal , or gum disease , which causes at least one-third of adult tooth loss .
If teeth are not brushed correctly and frequently , it could lead to the calcification of saliva minerals , forming tartar .
The contradiction has been going on for a long time now . When to brush is the question ?
You brush to get rid of the bacteria in and around your teeth .
If the bacteria is removed you won't get cavities .
The bacteria that live in your mouth are particularly good at metabolizing Sugar . These bacteria can result in dental carries ( cavaties , ) which is obviously bad for your dental health .
Brushing your teeth before you eat breakfast can help to prevent the dental erosion that can wear away your teeth .
A recent survey by the Foundation found that over three-quarters of people ( 81% ) were unaware that brushing their teeth after eating acidic food and drink can damage their teeth permanently .
Acidic foods and drinks , such as oranges , grapefruit and fruit juices that are often eaten at breakfast time , soften the enamel on your teeth .
Brushing immediately afterward wears the enamel away , and can cause dental erosion , which may lead to pain and extreme sensitivity in the teeth , and also lead to cosmetic problems .
The saliva in your mouth neutralises the acidity and restores its natural balance .
However research has shown that this can take up to an hour .
Over time , regular consumption of acidic food and drink throughout the day can lead to the loss of the surface of your teeth .
To avoid dental erosion , the Foundation encourages people to :
Brush teeth before breakfast if they have fruit or fruit juice ,
or Wait one hour after eating or drinking anything acidic before brushing
Use a straw when drinking acidic drinks to reduce contact with teeth
Drink water and milk between meals in preference to juice and fizzy drinks
Chew sugar-free gum  this will produce more saliva to help cancel out acid in your mouth
Finish a meal with cheese or milk to help neutralise any acids
British Dental Health Foundation Chief Executive Dr Nigel Carter says , " Drinks such as fruit juice and fizzy mineral waters are generally considered to be good for your health .
However , they can all be bad for your teeth if they 're consumed frequently throughout the day and you don't follow a suitable oral care routine " .
Should I brush my teeth after every meal ?
It is important that you brush twice a day with a toothpaste containing fluoride .
The best times are before breakfast and last thing at night before you go to bed .
Eating and drinking naturally weakens the enamel on your teeth ,
and brushing straight afterwards can cause tiny particles of enamel to be brushed away .
It is best not to brush your teeth until at least one hour after eating .
It is especially important to brush before bed .
This is because the flow of saliva , which is the mouth 's own cleaning system , slows down during the night and this leaves the mouth more at risk from decay .
IN DENVER four years ago , an inspiring presidential candidate announced that he would change America .
Barack Obama promised to put aside partisan differences ,
restore hope to those without jobs ,
begin the process of saving the planet from global warming ,
and make America proud again .
Next week Mr Obama will address his fellow Democrats at their convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , with little of this hopeful agenda completed .
Three million more Americans are out of work than four years ago , and the national debt is $ 5 trillion bigger .
Partisan gridlock is worse than ever :
health-care reform , a genuinely impressive achievement , has become a prime source of rancour .
Businessfolk are split over whether he dislikes capitalism or is merely indifferent to it .
His global-warming efforts have evaporated .
America 's standing in the Muslim world is no higher than it was under George W . Bush ,
Iran remains dangerous ,
Russia and China are still prickly despite the promised resets ,
and the prison in Guantnamo remains open .
So far , so underwhelming The defence of Mr Obama 's record comes down to one phrase :
it could all have been a lot worse .
He inherited an economy in free fall thanks to the banking crash and the fiscal profligacy that occurred under his predecessor ;
his stimulus measures and his saving of Detroit carmakers helped avert a second Depression ;
overall , he deserves decent if patchy grades on the economy .
Confronted by obstructionist Republicans in Congress , he did well to get anything through at all .
Abroad he has sensibly recalibrated American foreign policy .
And there have been individual triumphs , such as the killing of Osama bin Laden .
But this does not amount to a compelling case for re-election , in the view of either this paper or the American people .
More than 60 % of voters believe their country to be on the wrong track .
Mr Obama 's approval ratings are well under 50 %;
almost two-thirds of voters are unimpressed ( however harshly ) by how he has handled the economy .
Worn down by the difficulties of office , the great reformer has become a cautious man , surrounded by an insular group of advisers .
The candidate who promised bold solutions to the country 's gravest problems turned into the president who failed even to back his own commission 's plans for cutting the deficit .
Were he facing a more charismatic candidate than Mitt Romney or a less extremist bunch than the Republicans , Mr Obama would already be staring at defeat .
The fact that the president has had to " go negative " so early and so relentlessly shows how badly he needs the election to be about Mr Romney 's weaknesses rather than his own achievements .
A man who four years ago epitomised hope will arrive in Charlotte with a campaign that thus far has been about invoking fear .
Mr Obama must offer more than this , for three reasons .
First , a negative campaign may well fail .
The Republicans are a rum bunch with a wooden leader ;
but Mr Romney 's record as an executive and governor is impressive , and his running-mate , Paul Ryan , is a fount of bold ideas .
Mr Obama 's strategy of blaming everything on Republican obstructionism will strike many voters as demeaning .
Second , even if negative campaigning works , a re-elected Mr Obama will need the strength that comes from a convincing agenda .
Otherwise the Republicans , who will control the House and possibly the Senate too , will make mincemeat of him .
And , third , it is not just Mr Obama who needs a plan .
America does too .
Its finances and its government require a drastic overhaul .
Surely this charismatic , thoughtful man has more ideas about what must be done than he has so far let on ?
A tempting option will be to galvanise his party base , with talk of more health reform and threats of higher taxes on business and the rich .
Rather than redesigning government , he could suck up to the public-sector unions by promising that jobs will not be cut .
Rather than cutting entitlement programmes , he could reassure the elderly that America can actually afford them .
Such an approach would fit the pattern of too much of his presidency , and his campaign so far ;
but it would do America a disservice , and it might not help Mr Obama either .
His victory in 2008 relied on reaching beyond the groups that traditionally vote Democratic and bringing in young voters and wealthier whites .
Many of them are centrists who are suspicious of Mr Romney ,
but since they have to foot the bill for government profligacy , they will not vote for a president who promises more of the same .
Reach for the radical centre
Appealing to the centre is not easy for Mr Obama .
His allies on the left are powerful and , in a country so polarised , the middle ground can be a dangerous place .
But there are plenty of things that many on both sides of the political aisle could agree on , including tax and immigration reform , investment in schools and aid to businesses that are creating jobs .
Crucially , Mr Obama could explain how he intends to cut the still-soaring debt without pretending that taxing only the rich will help in any meaningful way .
Mr Obama has a strong belief in social justice .
It drove his health-care reform .
But he needs to distinguish between a creditable desire to help the weak and a dangerous preference for the public over the private sector .
The jobs that poor Americans need will be created by companies .
Smothering firms in red tape is not the way to help them ;
Mr Obama should vow to stop adding to it , and to start cutting some of it away .
The party faithful in Charlotte might not like centrist ideas much .
But they would appeal to the voters Mr Obama needs to win over and ,
should he be re-elected , they will strengthen him in his dealings with the Republicans in Congress .
Incumbents tend to win presidential elections , but second-term presidents tend to be disappointing .
Mr Obama 's first-term record suggests that , if re-elected , he could be the lamest of ducks .
That's why he needs a good answer to the big question :
just what would you do with another four years ?
Renting Vs. Buying
It 's not always easy to tell what's best to do  renting or buying a home .
We tend to assume that buying is always better ,
and the American Dream is , at least historically , built on that all-important goal of owning your own home .
Yet if the housing crash and recession of the last several years have taught us anything , it 's that owning a home isn't always all that it's cracked up to be ,
and renting can protect you against some of the downsides of the commitment of home ownership .
With all of that in mind , here are some guidelines to consider whether renting or buying is best for you :
Length of Time
Look at the time that you 're planning on spending in one place .
Most experts advise that if you want to buy , you need to plan to be in the home at least five years , and that time period might be longer depending on market conditions .
Think about how committed you are to being in a particular neighborhood , town or state ,
and use this as your first guide to whether you should buy a home there or not .
Available Funds
Buying a home , especially in today 's market , can require a significant down-payment , often 20 percent or more of the purchase prices .
You need to have this amount saved up  above and beyond any other savings or emergency funds you might have  and ready to put down on the house .
If it 's a stretch , or if you 'd rather have that cash on hand for emergencies , college money , vacations or other uses , you might want to think twice about buying a house at this point .
Hidden Costs
Owning a home has many hidden costs , including maintenance , upkeep , landscaping , and utilities .
Some of these are big expenses indeed , such as a new furnace , a new roof , new flooring or remodeling .
Homeowners once could rely on home equity loans to cover such costs , but as home values have dropped , equity has shrunk , and it's harder to get such loans .
When you own a home , therefore , you need to have enough cash on hand to cover these kinds of expenses so that you don't end with credit card or other high-interest debt .
Renting a home or apartment relieves you of the responsibility for covering such expenses , though it does leave repairs in the hands of landlords , who may or may not be reliable .
One benefit of owning a home , therefore , is that you must count only on yourself .
Investment Potential
Unlike renting , home ownership is an investment .
You own the home , and if it goes up in value , your investment grows .
Homes don't always appreciate in value , however ,
and sometimes , as recent years have shown , they can depreciate significantly , leaving homeowners underwater , unable to make payments , or in the unenviable position of being foreclosed upon .
When evaluating the investment potential of home ownership , therefore , you must take into account the home you 're thinking of buying , the market , and the price you're getting the home for .
Consider meeting with a financial adviser to go over the figures and determine whether buying a house is a good investment for you or not .
School Districts
Often , the best schools are those that are in settled neighborhoods composed primarily of single-family homes .
If you have school-age children , it 's important that you consider the neighborhood , the quality of the school , and the relationship between those factors and buying and renting .
Sometimes you can find homes and apartments for rent in good neighborhoods , but it 's not as easy to do ,
so often buying a home is sometimes a better option for the sake of the kids .
Intangibles
In addition to all the tangible concerns regarding money , investment , and repairs , there are intangible benefits to consider when it comes to home ownership .
Feeling like you 're part of a community , having a neighborhood , and putting down roots are all tied to home ownership .
You 'll need to ask yourself how important these factors are , if at all , as you consider whether home ownership 's for you or not .
Choosing whether to rent or buy is one of the most important decisions in your life , so make sure to take time and consider all factors before making it .
Home is where the heart is , and you can make a happy home anywhere  whether you rent or own .
Twenty five words that every toddler should use have been listed by scientists .
The words and phrases , which cover toys , food , animals and , of course , include ' mummy ' and ' daddy ' and ' bye bye ' are designed to detect youngsters who could struggle with words for years come .
Being slow to talk can also be a sign of deeper problems from deafness to autism .
The 25 ' must have ' words are part of a much larger list of 310 words that should be in a toddler's vocabulary and designed to be ticked off in 10 minutes by parents .
Warning signs :
Parents should be able to listen to their child's vocabulary to see how they are developing .
The average child will know 150 of the words in the Language Development Survey but scores of 75 to 225 are normal .
Alarm bells should start ringing if a toddler uses just 50 of the words or less , the American Association for the Advancement of Science's annual conference heard .
The 25 words listed here are among the most common and the first acquired when learning to speak .
Professor Leslie Rescorla , who designed both versions of the test , said : ' If children don't use most of these words by 24 months , they may be late talkers ' .
Many late-talkers are simply late bloomers ,
so the professor says that if a child is otherwise developing normally , parents shouldn't panic .
But if the child is still struggling for words by two and a half , they should consider help such as speech therapy , and certainly not put this off past the age of three .
I 've had the opportunity to work with hundreds , maybe thousands of brilliant people over a 30-year career in high-tech .
Unfortunately , that's not really saying much , since just about any CEO , executive , or entrepreneur you're likely to come across has the smarts to do the job .
When it comes to management ability and leadership qualities , however , bosses tend to follow a pretty standard bell shaped curve :
consistently successful managers at one narrow end , remarkably ineffective ones at the other end , and everyone else in between .
After all the years , experiences , and observations , I 've got a pretty good handle on what it takes to be a great manager and what kind of behavior will tend to land an executive at one end of the bell curve or the other .
And while one size manager does not fit all situations , I have been able to identify , with relative certainty , three types of managers who shouldn't be running anything , let alone an organization or a company .
Not only will they fail , they 'll take the whole organization and everyone in it down with them .
If you do n't believe me , check it out .
I bet you can fit just about any executive who has failed big-time into one of these three categories .
Incidentally , if your boss fits one , better get on LinkedIn and update your resume .
And if you fit one , what can I say , you 're in deep you-know-what .
Here are three types of bosses that should be fired , and sooner rather than later :
The Smartest Guy in the Room
This is the guy who has all the answers and can never , ever be wrong .
He does n't just breathe his own fumes or drink his own Kool-Aid , he makes and mass-markets it , as well .
He wants everyone to agree with his grandiose vision of how things should be and makes sure of that by surrounding himself with yes-men and women and ruthlessly beating down dissenting views .
The reason these people fail is they 're blinded by the power of their own vision and therefore lack objectivity .
They tend to be rigid and inflexible in their thinking and unwilling to see what's really happening until it's too late .
Unfortunately , markets do n't behave according to anyone 's plan .
They 're populated by competitors and customers with free will and have a funny way of determining their own outcome .
It's All About Me
Some people never grow up but get stuck in one phase or another of human development .
They look just like normal adults , but inside , they 're petulant , narcissistic children with oversized egos .
Since their overriding goal is to get attention , to be adulated and worshipped by all , they 're often charismatic and charming , almost chameleon-like in the way they appeal to all sorts of constituents .
And their positions and strategies can flip and flop from one day to the next based on one data point , meeting , or conversation .
While a healthy ego is necessary and good for leaders , business is n't really about any particular individual .
It's about meeting customer needs , achieving long-term growth and success for shareholders and employees , and being passionate about your products and services .
People who think free market capitalism is about selfish greed couldn't be more wrong .
Every company , board , CEO , executive team , serves its stakeholders and constituents .
If it does n't , it 'll fail .
The Has-Been
We may as well call him by his name , Peter , because this person is more or less defined by the Peter Principle .
Peter was once effective and successful ;
at least it appeared that way .
But the situation had a narrow set of boundaries and variables and now , things have changed and Peter is out of his depth , beyond his level of competency .
Perhaps he was promoted , the company grew , the market changed , or he 's now in a new position in a new company .
Regardless of the circumstances , Peter is no longer effective and his inability to see or believe it renders him toxic to the organization .
For whatever reason , Peter lacks the ability to grow , scale , or adapt .
And since he 's still in a position of power and authority , he 's not just an old relic , but a heavy anchor around the company 's neck .
Those are the top three types of bosses I think should be fired .
Got one to add to the list ?
How to Write an Art Essay
Writing an essay about a piece of art is best approached by considering two things :
What did the artist set out to accomplish ?
2 . How well did that artist achieve her goal ?
This criteria is useful in a few ways .
It 's relatively fair ( you won't be holding the work to unrealistic standards , ) it clearly sets up the basis for your critique , and looking at a work this way avoids a thumbs-up or thumbs-down review .
You can use this approach to write about a book , movie , theatrical performance , painting , piece of music or any other creative work .
The bulk of the work of writing about art is actually the time it takes to analyze the work and write the outline .
There are some challenging steps in the first parts of this how-to , but if you have a strong , solid outline , the writing will be easy .
Difficulty : Moderately Easy
Instructions
Things You 'll Need
Copy of the creative work you are writing about Computer OR Paper and pen/pencil
Analyzing the work
1 Write what you think the artist was trying to achieve with this work of art .
The famous Mona Lisa , painted by Leonardo da Vinci in the 16th century , is a notoriously inscrutable painting .
You cannot , obviously , know exactly what da Vinci intended by painting this portrait .
Many accomplished art historians have written extensively about this painting .
So what can there be for you to say ?
Plenty .
In this example , an essay on the well-known painting the Mona Lisa , you might conclude that the artist was trying to paint a portrait that told a story about a particular woman .
This may seem obvious , but remember that goal is quite different from , say , an instructional painting with an obvious religious allegory or an abstract modern painting ,
and so the evaluation of this particular work will accordingly be different .
2 Write what you know or feel as a result of the creative work .
For instance , what do you know about the woman from looking at how she was painted by da Vinci ?
These needn't be facts about her identity , but rather impressions that you have of her .
Be as honest and specific about your reactions as you can .
Do not worry about your own authority .
You don't need to be a professional art critic or have painted an Italian masterpiece yourself to be able to write an effective essay about the Mona Lisa .
3 Compare your answer in Step 2 to the artist's goal in Step 1 . Is your reaction what the artist intended --- is the work of art successful ?
Remember that it does n't matter whether or not you " like " whatever you are writing about .
Rather you are using your own responses to write an analysis of the work itself .
Remember that you can write an essay that examines how the work was unsuccessful using the same method as when writing an essay on a successful work .
4 List the variables --- all the decisions the artist or artists had to make --- that went into creating the work .
In the example of the Mona Lisa , the variables would be subject , composition , materials ( paint and surface , ) color palette , brush strokes and level of detail .
5 Write next to each variable a short description .
For instance , for the Mona Lisa , you would write " subject -- woman " , " composition -- close-up of face , centered in the frame " , " color palette -- muted " , etc .
The thesis statement and finalizing the outline
1 Write a rough thesis statement based on all the steps above .
Do n't use first person , even though your own responses have informed your thinking so far .
A rough thesis statement might be " Leonardo da Vinci 's Mona Lisa is a visually beautiful painting using Renaissance painting techniques , but its subject remains mysterious " .
Your thesis statement should not be " The Mona Lisa is good " .
2 Organize the variables in a way that supports your thesis statement .
You do n't need to include every variable you listed . You may want to write one paragraph for each variable .
3 Note how each variable contributed to the overall success ( or lack of success ) of the creative work .
Writing the essay
1 Write as specifically as possible when you are describing the variables and your responses to them .
It is often the description that will convince your readers of your point .
2 Write an engaging introduction and satisfying conclusion .
3 Proofread your essay .
" Economy Class Syndrome " is a myth , your risk of developing a blood clot during a long-distance economy trip by plane is not higher than in first class , researchers report in an article published in Chest .
Guideline co-author Mark Crowther , MD , Department of Medicine , McMaster University , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada , said : " Traveling in economy class does not increase your risk for developing a blood clot , even during long-distance travel ;
however , remaining immobile for long periods of time will .
Long-distance travelers sitting in a window seat tend to have limited mobility , which increases their risk for DVT .
This risk increases as other factors are present . "
Some factors that may increase DVT risk in long distance air travel
The authors stress that the chances of developing DVT/PE ( deep vein thrombosis , pulmonary embolism ) during long-distance flights very small in the majority of cases .
However , the following factors may contribute towards a higher risk if you are considering a long trip :
Being immobile
Being obese
Being pregnant
Having a history of DVT/PE , or a known thrombophilic disorder
Having experienced a recent trauma
Having undergone a recent surgical intervention
Having some type of malignant cancer
Sitting by the window
Using oral contraceptives ( estrogen use )
However , the risk is not greater in economy class than in business or first class , they add .
The guidelines also say that there is no compelling evidence showing that alcohol intake or dehydration raises DVT/PE risk during a long-haul flight .
Tips for passengers at high risk of DVT/PE
If you are already at high risk of DVT/PE , the following recommendations are made by ACCP if you are on a long-haul flight ( over six hours long ) :
do calf stretching exercises
get up and walk around frequently if you can ,
sit on an aisle seat
use compression stockings , the below-knee graduated compression ones
If you are not at higher-than-normal risk of DVT/PE , the guidelines say you should not wear compression stockings .
The ACCP advises against taking aspirin or any anticoagulant as a preventive measure against DVT/PE for long-haul flights , unless your doctor has prescribed them for you .
Antithrombotic agents - their usage on long haul flights by people at high risk of DVT/PE should be considered on an individual basis .
These types of medications have adverse effects , and the doctor needs to decide whether the benefits are greater than the risks .
Dr. Crowther said : " Symptomatic DVT/PE is rare in passengers who have returned from long flights ;
however the association between air travel and DVT/PE is strongest for flights longer than 8 to 10 hours .
Most passengers who do develop a DVT/PE after long-distance travel have one or more risk factors . "
Fundamentalist movie sees 9/11 from the ' other side '
By Emma Jones BBC News , Venice
The cultural clash between east and west after 9/11 is brought sharply into focus in Mira Nair 's adaptation of the best-selling novel The Reluctant Fundamentalist , which opened the Venice Film Festival this week .
The film tells the story of Changez Khan , played by British actor Riz Ahmed , a Pakistani in America who re-evaluates his identity in the aftermath of the terrorist bombings of the Twin Towers .
It is the first movie co-production between India and Pakistan and also features Hollywood actors Kiefer Sutherland , Liev Schreiber and Kate Hudson .
Nair , the 54-year-old Indian director of Monsoon Wedding and Salaam Bombay , has lived in New York for decades ,
and thought she was uniquely placed to adapt Mohsin Hamid 's novel - even though until recently , she had never set foot in Pakistan .
" I think of the book as a gift to me " , she says . " A few years ago , I went to Pakistan for the first time .
Growing up in modern India , we did n't go over the border readily and it proved to be a deeply moving experience . "
" The city of Lahore was utterly unlike what Pakistanis often made out to be - a hot bed of drone attacks and corruption .
Instead , I found the Venice of the east - a place of great refinement and beauty " .
" So then I wanted to make something contemporary about Pakistan , and the book was a spring board for me .
I could do something on today 's world , but which was also a dialogue between Pakistan , the Indian sub-continent and the west .
During the last decade , we have walked a tight rope between these cultures " .
In Nair 's version of The Reluctant Fundamentalist , an American journalist , played by Liev Schreiber , goes to interview Changez Khan , a university professor in Lahore suspected of stirring up anti-western sentiment .
Previously , it emerges , Khan had been both a student at Princeton and a high-flier on Wall Street .
Yet , as he watches the Twin Towers falling on television , Khan is unable to suppress his first instinct - admiration at the bombers ' audacity to strike at the heart of western capitalism .
Actor and rapper Ahmed , who plays Khan , has previously had parts in Michael Winterbottom 's Road to Guantanamo and played an ambivalent British jihadist in Chris Morris ' Four Lions .
But this , he believes , is the first time Hollywood has looked at 9/11 from a non-US viewpoint .
" I think we 've only seen it so far in South Asian films , but in terms of movies coming out of the USA it 's unique " , he says .
" Hopefully it 's quite a bold film , an original film and a timely one too in terms of contemporary events - both politically and personally .
Nair continues : " It 's a human story of a young man from Pakistan who dreams of America , who loves it , who pursues the American dream and who has it all - Princeton , Wall Street - then suddenly the world changes and he is looked at as the ' other . '
" He has to make a decision for himself - what does he do , where does he go , where does he belong ?
And that seesaw is something I know well as someone who has lived half my life in New York and the other in India " .
In the wake of the bombings , Changez Khan is suddenly the target of suspicion and hostility in New York .
The cast admit the film could make uncomfortable viewing for western audiences .
" You need to strike a delicate balance on how you treat such challenging material " , says Kate Hudson .
" In this case , I definitely needed to meet up with Mira Nair first and have her explain her vision for the film before I signed up for anything " .
Nair , however , says she remembers the difficulties her family faced in the weeks after 11 September 2001 and the US invasion of Afghanistan . "
After 9/11 , many people like my family who regarded New York as home , people who looked like us , suddenly became the ' other . '
But what interested me about the story was the fact that we see all points of view .
" I think that what we show is that the world is complicated . I am as much steeped in the US as the Indian subcontinent
and we portray the USA with a lot of intimacy , knowledge and a certain degree of love , so I hope there's balance in it . "
" You know , America is a vibrant place of more than 300 million people and not all of them will endorse the stance the USA has taken since 9/11 " .
Since its debut at Venice , The Reluctant Fundamentalist has had some strong reviews , especially for Ahmed 's performance .
The Guardian called it " bold and muscular storytelling with a plausible performance from Riz Ahmed in the lead role - though there is something flabby and evasive in the inevitable equivalence it winds up proposing between Islamic fundamentalism and aggressive American capitalism . "
The Telegraph however , praised the performances but said Four Lions " explored tough themes and torn loyalties more effectively than this . "
The Hollywood Reporter pointed out that in 2001 , three days before the Twin Towers fell , Nair won Venice 's Golden Lion Award for her warm family drama Monsoon Wedding ,
and that The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a result of the enormous shift in culture since then .
Nair , though , insists that politics is not the driving force of the film .
" I have made a film that is n't just about the US or Pakistan , it is about what it means to be a human being and the decisions we have to make " , she says .
" When Liev Schreiber and Riz Ahmed 's characters are talking , it's obvious that both these men should and would be friends in different circumstances - the sadness is the world will not let them be . "
The sensation of itchy skin drives many of us potty every day .
The medical name for it is pruritus , and it is defined as itching caused by the stimulation of nerve endings in the skin .
Here , ANGELA EPSTEIN speaks to the experts to reveal the triggers behind the urge to scratch .
AS IF ANTS ARE CRAWLING ON YOU
PROBABLE CAUSE : Menopause .
Changes in hormone levels can produce an itchy skin condition called formication .
Sufferers have the phantom sensation of insects crawling on their skin , though it's not clear why .
One theory is that fluctuating hormone levels may affect nerve endings in the skin .
TREATMENT :
Increasing your intake of omega-3 fatty acids ( found in oily fish ) can help improve skin condition , and if the skin is less dry it may be less prone to itching , says Dr Tabi Leslie , a dermatologist at St Thomas ' and Barnet hospitals in London .
Drinking plenty of water to keep the skin hydrated may help reduce irritation , as can avoiding smoking , excess sun exposure , stress and lack of sleep .
Hormone replacement therapy may also help .
The condition should settle after the menopause , says Peter Bowen Simpkins , medical director of the London Women 's Clinic .
FIERY ITCH AND RED , WEEPY SKIN
PROBABLE CAUSE : Allergy .
Often referred to as allergic contact dermatitis , this occurs when the skin reacts to something touching it .
Common triggers include nickel jewellery , rubber gloves or a buckle from a belt .
It can also be caused by irritants such as chemicals in soaps or perfumes .
Allergens produce an immune response in the skin , which triggers the fiery itch .
In severe cases the skin can become scaly with painful cracks developing on the fingers , says Dr Andrew Wright , a dermatologist at Bradford Hospitals NHS Trust .
People with a tendency to asthma , eczema and hay fever develop contact dermatitis more easily than others , possibly due to a compromised immune system , and this tendency can run in families .
TREATMENT :
The first step is to identify the cause , says Dr Wright , so monitor what you use when you get an outbreak .
Patch testing may help .
Here , small pieces of sticky tape  each containing a small sample of a potentially allergic substance  are applied to the skin for 48 hours and any reaction is then analysed .
Moisturise regularly as this helps maintain the skin 's protective barrier and use hypoallergenic shampoo and soap because this is free from common allergens .
Childhood obesity is n't just a cosmetic issue , although studies show overweight children are often isolated and bullied .
Editor 's note :
This is the fourth story in CNN 's series exploring the issues surrounding childhood obesity .
( CNN ) -- Lyn McDonald is doing everything right .
After losing more than 80 pounds , she taught her kids how to control their portion sizes , shop at the farmers market , eat vegetables with every meal and avoid a lot of sugar .
Her efforts are working .
At a time when approximately one-third of American children are overweight or obese , McDonald 's kids are at healthy weights .
So why is every day still a struggle for the blogger and mother of five ?
" I have had to deal with teachers who hand out Skittles , candy bars , lollipops and giant frosted sugar cookies to the children in class .. before 10 a.m. " , McDonald says .
" I think this is setting kids up for failure and un-teaching the healthy habits I have instilled " .
The fact that doughnuts and cupcakes are given out as a reward after soccer practice or dance class is a paradoxical hurdle in the fight against childhood obesity .
As doctors and parents struggle to encourage healthy behaviors , our sugar-filled , sedentary surroundings resist every step .
Think about it , says Dr . Stephen Daniels , chief pediatrician at Children 's Hospital Colorado .
Every day kids are exposed to advertising about fast food instead of home-cooked meals .
They 're surrounded by vending and soda machines at school .
They have hundreds of channels on TV , own three video game systems and live in neighborhoods that were built without sidewalks .
" Our environment is constantly pushing kids in the wrong direction " .
Childhood obesity isn't just a cosmetic issue , although studies have shown overweight children are often isolated and bullied by their peers .
Obese youth are more likely to suffer from cardiovascular disease , diabetes , sleep apnea , liver disease and bone and joint problems , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Excess fat has also been linked to many types of cancer .
About two-thirds of obese children grow up to be obese adults .
Gary Evans is an environmental and developmental psychologist at Cornell University .
His latest study , published this year in the journal Pediatrics , analyzed the effects of stress on weight gain in children and adolescents .
Researchers know that both adults and children seek higher fat foods in response to stress .
Evans and his team found that stress also damages a child 's ability for self-control , which leads to a higher body mass index as a teen .
Evans examined children who were dealing with stressful situations , such as poverty , single parenthood , housing problems and domestic violence .
In the study , stress hormones hurt the brain 's pre-frontal cortex -- the one responsible for our ability to plan and avoid temptations -- at the cellular level .
See also :
How to stop your kids from stressing It 's kind of a quadruple whammy , Evans notes .
Lower income children have less healthy food stores nearby , more junk food available because it 's cheap , fewer places to play outdoors and , as his team found out , a harder time curbing bad impulses .
" If you are born poor , your life expectancy is less " , Evans wrote in an e-mail .
" Perhaps even more striking .. upward mobility does not remove the ill effects of early childhood poverty on subsequent health and well-being " .
For parents trying to raise healthy kids , this is all kind of depressing .
" What we need to do as a society is work to make the healthier choice the easier choice " , says Daniels .
There has been movement in that direction .
Policymakers are issuing new rules for healthier food in schools and local programs are encouraging more activity .
But realistically , an environmental overhaul could take years .
There 's a danger in being too pessimistic about the influence we have on the ways our kids live , Daniels says .
Research shows that children who lose weight are less likely to gain it back than teenagers or adults .
" As hard as it is to make a change at age 10 , it's that much easier than at 30 or 40 " .
Twins Molly and Chris McGann , 15 , are perfect examples of this .
In third grade , Molly was bullied for being overweight .
The McGanns started attending the Shape Down program at Children 's Hospital Colorado .
Shape Down 's instructors taught the whole family how to measure their food , cook with different colors -- broccoli , red peppers , carrots -- and include exercise in their daily lives .
Molly dropped the extra pounds and is still at a healthy weight .
Her twin Chris hit a tough spot in middle school when undiagnosed sleep apnea caused his weight to creep up .
As a teenager he is finding it more difficult to stay on track because of peer pressure .
His school cafeteria , for instance , has a pizza buffet and a long line of desserts available every day .
" My friends eat the pizza and the Little Debbie cakes and they 're all as thin as rails " , he says .
" It's really hard to walk by that stuff because it looks so good .
I just think I want to be healthy , I want to lose weight and I know if I eat those things it's not going to happen " .
Daniels does n't talk about dieting or weight loss with his patients .
He talks about getting the entire family on board to eat healthier and be more active .
" You have to understand what kinds of behaviors are leading to the problem and the changes to take " , he says .
" It 's helpful to go slow .
It 's about simple goals .
You don't have to get to a perfect weight in order to have the health benefits " .
For more help conquering your environment , the Mayo Clinic has suggestions on making weight loss a family affair .
Comically Bad Hair Styles
We 've all made questionable hair style decisions .
But there's shaving your head when you have a bumpy head , and then there's doing something just so comically bad that somebody had to take a picture and post it on the internet .
Some of these pictures are of celebrities , some are not , and one could be you .
It takes a special kind of person to let this happen to their hair .
I really want to believe that this was a prank done to him , but the glazed over look on his face leads me to believe he did it to himself thinking it would be a good look .
I can't decide if this hair is bad or if he 's my new personal hero .
Either way that 's commitment to both head and facial hair .
I 'm going to go out on a limb and guess that he 's single .
I'm sure everybody knew The Worm was going to be on here .
Say what you will about his insane appearance , the man could play basketball .
Call it an extreme fade cut all you want , this comically bad hair style is a pencil eraser in my book .
Between the manicured eyebrows , facial hair , and strands of hair covering up what appears to be a receding hair line , is it really any surprise that this man was a pimp ?
Giving a whole new meaning to the term " hat hair . "
I hate puns too , but it had to be said .
Phil Spector is wealthy and yet he still let himself be seen in public like this .
I 'm thinking an insanity plea should have been entered on his behalf .
I really want to believe that he lost a bet to end up with this face framing hair style .
But then I could be wrong .
Man I hate little scenester emo kids .
Supporting your political candidate is all well and good , but next time you might just want to go with a bumper sticker or a pin on your shirt .
There are mullets , and then there 's this comically bad hair style .
This is n't even business in the front , it 's scary in the front , crazy in the back .
While I'm pretty sure this hair was done for a magazine , it still warrants attention .
That 's a hair rhino .
I 'll say it again .
A hair .
Rhino .
You knew this one was coming too .
Dude , Pattinson  you 're rich and famous  pay somebody to style that mess for you .
Russell Brand has stated that it's a good thing he's famous as his hair style only works if you 're famous , or insane .
He 's a bit of both really .
Oh American Idol , you 've given us so much pain , but at least you offered up Sanjaya to us , who became as well known for his comically bad hair styles as for his singing .
Thanks Idol .
The whole thing is just spectacular .
The sideburns , the hair , the handlebar moustache .
You just don't see hair like that anymore .
Soccer players are notorious for their over the top hair .
This one may actually take the cake though .
The hole in the ozone ?
This guy right here caused it getting his hair to do things that gravity would n't normally allow .
The etched in lines on the side , the shock of blonde , the whole thing just lended itself to what was a comically bad style in general .
Don't worry , we 'll always hold you in our hearts Vanilla Ice .
Pain Without Gain
By PAUL KRUGMAN
Last week the European Commission confirmed what everyone suspected : the economies it surveys are shrinking , not growing .
It 's not an official recession yet , but the only real question is how deep the downturn will be .
And this downturn is hitting nations that have never recovered from the last recession .
For all America 's troubles , its gross domestic product has finally surpassed its pre-crisis peak ;
Europe 's has not .
And some nations are suffering Great Depression - level pain :
Greece and Ireland have had double-digit declines in output , Spain has 23 percent unemployment , Britain 's slump has now gone on longer than its slump in the 1930s .
Worse yet , European leaders  and quite a few influential players here  are still wedded to the economic doctrine responsible for this disaster .
For things did n't have to be this bad .
Greece would have been in deep trouble no matter what policy decisions were taken , and the same is true , to a lesser extent , of other nations around Europe 's periphery .
But matters were made far worse than necessary by the way Europe 's leaders , and more broadly its policy elite , substituted moralizing for analysis , fantasies for the lessons of history .
Specifically , in early 2010 austerity economics  the insistence that governments should slash spending even in the face of high unemployment  became all the rage in European capitals .
The doctrine asserted that the direct negative effects of spending cuts on employment would be offset by changes in " confidence " , that savage spending cuts would lead to a surge in consumer and business spending , while nations failing to make such cuts would see capital flight and soaring interest rates .
If this sounds to you like something Herbert Hoover might have said , you 're right : It does and he did .
Now the results are in  and they 're exactly what three generations ' worth of economic analysis and all the lessons of history should have told you would happen .
The confidence fairy has failed to show up : none of the countries slashing spending have seen the predicted private-sector surge .
Instead , the depressing effects of fiscal austerity have been reinforced by falling private spending .
Furthermore , bond markets keep refusing to cooperate .
Even austerity 's star pupils , countries that , like Portugal and Ireland , have done everything that was demanded of them , still face sky-high borrowing costs .
Why ?
Because spending cuts have deeply depressed their economies , undermining their tax bases to such an extent that the ratio of debt to G.D.P. , the standard indicator of fiscal progress , is getting worse rather than better .
Meanwhile , countries that did n't jump on the austerity train  most notably , Japan and the United States  continue to have very low borrowing costs , defying the dire predictions of fiscal hawks .
Now , not everything has gone wrong .
Late last year Spanish and Italian borrowing costs shot up , threatening a general financial meltdown .
Those costs have now subsided , amid general sighs of relief .
But this good news was actually a triumph of anti-austerity :
Mario Draghi , the new president of the European Central Bank , brushed aside the inflation-worriers and engineered a large expansion of credit , which was just what the doctor ordered .
So what will it take to convince the Pain Caucus , the people on both sides of the Atlantic who insist that we can cut our way to prosperity , that they are wrong ?
After all , the usual suspects were quick to pronounce the idea of fiscal stimulus dead for all time after President Obama 's efforts failed to produce a quick fall in unemployment  even though many economists warned in advance that the stimulus was too small .
Yet as far as I can tell , austerity is still considered responsible and necessary despite its catastrophic failure in practice .
The point is that we could actually do a lot to help our economies simply by reversing the destructive austerity of the last two years .
That's true even in America , which has avoided full-fledged austerity at the federal level but has seen big spending and employment cuts at the state and local level .
Remember all the fuss about whether there were enough " shovel ready " projects to make large-scale stimulus feasible ?
Well , never mind : all the federal government needs to do to give the economy a big boost is provide aid to lower-level governments , allowing these governments to rehire the hundreds of thousands of school teachers they have laid off and restart the building and maintenance projects they have canceled .
Look , I understand why influential people are reluctant to admit that policy ideas they thought reflected deep wisdom actually amounted to utter , destructive folly .
But it's time to put delusional beliefs about the virtues of austerity in a depressed economy behind us .
Siberia was a wildlife refuge in the last ice age
SIBERIA , a name that conjures up images of snow and ice , may have been an unlikely refuge from the bitter cold of the last ice age .
Ancient DNA from the region paints a picture of remarkably stable animal and plant life in the teeth of plunging temperatures .
The findings could help predict how ecosystems will adapt to future climate change .
The permanently frozen soil of Siberia , Canada and Alaska preserves the DNA of prehistoric plants , fungi and animals .
" It 's a giant molecular freezer " , says James Haile at Murdoch University in Perth , Western Australia .
Glacial ice can also contain ancient DNA but permafrost is much more abundant than ice and so should provide a more complete picture of the effects of prehistoric climate change , says Haile .
Last month , at the International Barcode of Life Conference in Adelaide , South Australia , his colleague Eva Bellemain of the University of Oslo in Norway revealed the first fruits of their analysis of Siberian permafrost DNA .
The samples were extracted from 15,000 to 25,000-year-old frozen sediment in southern Chukotka in north-eastern Siberia .
Their age is significant : around 20,000 years ago temperatures plummeted and ice sheets blanketed much of the northern hemisphere -
but parts of Siberia , Canada and Alaska apparently stayed ice-free .
Fossils and pollen found in these regions suggest they may have acted as a refuge for plants and animals during this time ,
but Bellemain turned to fungal DNA to get a complete picture of the environment .
Many fungi consume plants , and so indicate the plant life around at the time .
Using 23 permafrost cores , Bellemain identified around 40 fungal taxa that thrived during the last ice age .
" We did n't expect to find so much " , she says .
The diversity of fungi found suggests that a brimming plant community thrived in northern Siberia to support them .
This range of plants should also have sustained a diverse assembly of mammals -
and the samples indeed contain DNA from woolly rhinoceros , woolly mammoths , reindeer and moose dating back to between 15,000 and 25,000 years ago .
Meanwhile , Haile and Tina Jrgensen at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark have used ancient DNA together with pollen and fossil evidence to reconstruct the plant life surrounding Lake Taymyr , on the Taymyr peninsula in northern Siberia .
Using 18 cores from five sites around the lake , the team identified 66 plant taxa that stuck around from 46,000 to 12,000 years ago , even though temperatures in the region fluctuated by some 20 C during this period .
" I was surprised that the [ living ] environment remained stable for so long " , says Jrgensen .
The result does not surprise Gregory Retallack at the University of Oregon in Eugene , who studies plant remains in ancient soils that have been fossilised .
" A part of this stability is down to the inertia of ecosystems " , he says .
Haile and colleagues are now keen to analyse other samples to uncover how the prehistoric flora and fauna in Canada and Alaska were affected by climate change .
Andrew Lowe at the University of Adelaide thinks the results could be used in climate models " to tell us how future communities will change . "
But Retallack thinks such predictions will not be possible until we know , for example , how the flora and fauna were affected by large pulses of warming 70,000 and 125,000 years ago .
What then shall we say that Abraham , our forefather , discovered in this matter ?
If , in fact , Abraham was justified by works , he had something to boast about  but not before God .
What does the Scripture say ?
" Abraham believed God , and it was credited to him as righteousness " .
Here some see a contradiction between Paul and James , who wrote , " Was not our ancestor Abraham considered righteous for what he did when he offered his son Isaac on the altar ?
You see that his faith and his actions were working together , and his faith was made complete by what he did .
And the scripture was fulfilled that says , " Abraham believed God , and it was credited to him as righteousness " ,
and he was called God 's friend .
You see that a person is justified by what he does and not by faith alone " .
But James was speaking to a situtation in which people were simply claiming to believe , but did not act on their faith , indicating that their faith was merely an assertion and not the kind of faith which saves , of which James also says , " What good is it , my brothers , if a man claims to have faith but has no deeds ?
Can such faith save him " ?
James is saying that the kind of faith that saves is application oriented .
In contrast Paul is not speaking to that issue , but rather to the fact that salvation is not by doing things , but by believing .
He affirms elsewhere that in fact saving faith results in deeds , which is what James was saying .
But it is not the deeds which justify .
Consider also the two passages in Genesis being alluded to .
Both James and Paul reference Gen 15 : 6 , in which Abraham was declared righteous .
But the sacrifice of Isaac , of which James also mentions , didn't occur till Genesis chapter 22 .
So Abraham was declared righteous before really demonstrating his faith .
The sacrifice of Isaac revealed the quality of faith he had , which God predicted he had , and whose prediction was justified when Abraham applied his faith .
Thus the phrase James concludes with , " You see that a person is justified by what he does and not by faith alone " is understood not to mean that justification is by works , but rather that a person is justified by an application oriented faith , and not by a faith which is nothing be a mere assertion , having no intention to act upon it .
Or as Martin Luther said , " Man is justified by faith alone , but not by a which which is alone " .
So while works don't save , they do inevitably accompany saving faith .
BEIJING  The former deputy head of China's soccer association was sentenced Saturday to 10 years in prison as part of a crackdown on corruption and match-fixing .
Yang Yimin , convicted of taking $ 200,000 in bribes , was one of 39 people sentenced in a single session by the court in the northeastern city of Tieling , the official Xinhua News Agency said .
Others receiving sentences included former head of the referees ' committee Zhang Jianqiang , who received a 12-year sentence for taking bribes totaling $ 433,000 , and the former presidents or head coaches of five clubs in the Chinese league .
The club officials received sentences up to eight years for bribery , gambling , and other offenses related to fixing matches .
Others were given sentences of up to 5 years for crimes including giving and taking bribes , embezzlement , holding people against their will , and disrupting public services .
The club Qingdao Hailifeng was fined $ 318,000 for bribery , while Chengdu Blades  a team owned by English League One side Sheffield United  was fined $ 9,525 on the same charge .
On Thursday , the same court sentenced referee Lu Jun , who officiated two games at the 2002 World Cup in South Korea and Japan , to 5 years in jail for taking about nearly $ 130,000 to fix seven league matches .
Three other referees and five company and soccer association officials were fined or sentenced to up to seven years for match fixing .
China launched the current crackdown on match-fixing in 2009 , hoping to root out gambling , bribery , and other forms of corruption that are blamed for sapping the competitiveness of Chinese soccer .
However , the league 's problems date to at least 2001 , when allegations of match-throwing and bribery of referees first emerged .
Meanwhile , China 's performance in international competition slumped as soccer 's popularity among fans lost ground in favor of basketball and young players turned away from the sport in droves .
China was knocked out of 2010 World Cup qualifying last year , failing to make the top 10 sides in Asia .
In its only World Cup appearance , in 2002 , China lost all three games while failing to score a single goal .
" The Secret World of Arrietty " isn't ( gasp ) in 3-D .
It isn't Pixared-to-death or loud enough to blow the popcorn out of your 20-gallon bucket .
But this gorgeous little movie is sure to be beloved by your little people , who may discover what it means to find a magical beauty in the things we can't altogether see .
" Arrietty " , based on Mary Norton 's children 's book series " The Borrowers " , is the story of tiny people who live under floorboards and swipe what they need from the Beans ( what they call humans ) upstairs .
A piece of delicious art , much like the other films from legendary filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki ( " Spirited Away " , " Ponyo ) " and Studio Ghibli , it was the highest-grossing Japanese film in Japan in 2010 - despite its lack of Hollywood tricks .
Each frame is a gift .
Flowing grasses , watercolor wildflowers twitching in the breeze , a burbling stream , the sound of raindrops as they make their first marks on the sidewalk .
The images are just vivid enough to allow the audience to imagine the fragrance of a newly dampened sidewalk , rather than be pummeled over the head by a storm so real that there 's no room to imagine anything .
And among all of this beauty is a pretty little plot .
There's not as much of an edge-of-the-seat factor as in some of Miyazaki 's other films - or in most box office hits these days .
But do audiences need to be , well , blown away ?
Can't they actually enjoy a relatively quiet movie ?
Arrietty ( voiced by Bridgit Mendler of Disney Channel 's " Good Luck Charlie " ) is a 14-year-old Borrower who shows us from the first scene that she has pluck , sneaking through the grass midday , with a bay leaf as cover , and standing up to the fat cat that has been stalking her .
She 's eager to go along with her serious father ( Will Arnett ) on a nighttime expedition into the Beans ' house to fetch a sugar cube and one tissue .
This is much to the dismay of her hysterical mother ( voiced by Amy Poehler , who is haha hysterical as well ) , who tells Arrietty about cousins who have disappeared and her fears that her husband will be eaten by a cat .
Arrietty goes with her dad anyway but is spotted by sickly boy Shawn ( David Henrie , ) who tries to befriend her .
She 's sure he means no harm , but once Borrowers have been seen , they must leave their home and find a new one .
Arrietty is overcome with guilt and frustration .
There are misadventures along the way , including a run-in with the housekeeper , Hara ( Carol Burnett reprising a bit of her Miss Hannigan traits ) , that show just how heroic our little heroine is .
The end isn't quite tied up in perfect sparkly pink bows , but is left slightly up to us and our atrophied imaginations .
Remember what that feels like ?
Exactly . Makes me want to sigh , too .
Upon leaving the theater , a girl of about 6 turned to her grandmother and said dreamily , " That Was The Best Movie Ever " .
And that sums up why this little movie is so very big .
" Odors have a power of persuasion stronger than that of words , appearances , emotions , or will " , Peter Sskind writes in his psychological thriller , Perfume ( 1985 ) .
" The persuasive power of an odor cannot be fended off , it enters into us like breath into our lungs , it fills us up , imbues us totally . There is no remedy for it " .
Recent analysis of the psychological powers of smell indicates that Sskind 's ode to the olfactory , if a touch dramatic , was not as hyperbolic as it might sound .
Rachel Herz , a professor of psychiatry and human behavior at Brown University and the author of The Scent of Desire ( 2007 ) , has continued her work deciphering the most mysterious of the senses in her newest book , out next week , That's Disgusting : Unraveling the Mysteries of Repulsion .
Herz chalks up much of the connection between smell and emotion to the geography of the brain ;
the olfactory bulb is an element of the brain 's limbic system , the part associated with memory and feeling .
The area of the brain that deals with smell has direct access to the amygdala , which deals with emotion and the hippocampus , responsible for associative learning .
But her most intriguing insights , perhaps , come in separating our primitive response  a baby wrinkles her face after encountering something bitter  from the learned emotion of disgust , which is much more sophisticated .
Scent and disgust are very much about context , after all .
Consider the spit in your mouth  then consider drinking a glob of it in a glass .
Or the pungent smell of cheese at an artisanal shop and the smell of mold in a dank alley .
We are the only creatures that feel the emotion of disgust , Herz says ;
animals will spit out something bitter , but they don't care about frolicking in filth , or carrying carcasses around in their mouths .
At work , here : a higher order understanding of death .
" It 's not fear , which is an automatic thing that gets you running away as fast as possible " , she says . " It 's the potential for slow and uncertain death " .
Humans are the only animals with big enough brains to figure out that something could potentially lead to death  that in nine weeks , you could be six feet under .
" This is complex learning " , she says , " and disgust is learned from the codes of the society in which we live " .
And it is those same social cues that allow smell to evoke a range of emotions as potent , as complex , as disgust : love , desire , grief .
The stuff of literature .
Perhaps Nabokov put it most simply , and wonderfully : " Smells are surer than sights or sounds to make your heartstrings crack " .
The game was programmed by four MIT students in 1962 on a PDP-1 ' minicomputer ' , a fridge-sized device .
The online version uses the same 40 pages of computer code to run .
The code of the game runs to 40 pages , and it can still be played online , in a version constantly updated to run in the latest browser code .
The hulking PDP-1 ' minicomputer ' was a relatively modern machine , with controls that allowed an ' action packed ' game where two spaceships battled one another around a sun which pulled them in with gravity .
The game is the ancestor of games such as Asteroids .
Spacewar became a cult hit , being played and adapted by computing students around the world .
It was released as a coin-operated arcade machine called Computer Space in the Seventies , and has been released under various names on many computers since .
The game ran on a PDP-1 ' minicomputer ' .
The programmers shared it with other labs around the world , and other computers added their own variations
When it comes to planets outside our solar system , smaller is better .
That's because smaller planets are more likely to resemble Earth .
So the discovery of the smallest known extrasolar planet , announced today at the June meeting of the American Astronomical Society in St.Louis , Missouri , comes as good news .
" It gives us hope of finding lots of habitable planets " , says astronomer Sara Seager of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge , who was not involved in the discovery .
The detection comes courtesy of a technique called microlensing .
Employed by consortia that operate global networks of telescopes ( the Optical Gravitational Lensing Experiment and Microlensing Observations in Astrophysics , ) microlensing allows continuous monitoring for subtle brightening of far-distant stars as a relatively nearby star passes in front of them .
The nearer star 's gravity can slightly bend -- or lens -- the background star 's light toward Earth , temporarily brightening it .
If a planet circling the nearer star also lines up and bends some starlight , the network picks up a secondary brightening .
At the meeting , astronomer David Bennett of the University of Notre Dame in Indiana , speaking for the consortia , announced the microlensing discovery of a planet just three times the mass of Earth .
Most of the 300 or so known extrasolar planets are many times the mass of Jupiter , or thousands of times the mass of Earth .
The newly discovered planet , which the team is referring to as MOA-2007-BLG-192L , orbits its star at 70 % of the sun-Earth distance .
That means the planet probably formed with lots of ice and gases , Bennett said , more like Neptune in composition than Earth .
The planet 's host star is small as well .
At roughly 6 % the mass of our sun , the star is probably too small to sustain fusion reactions in its core , said Bennett , making it a dimly glowing brown dwarf .
Bennett said the microlensing technique holds promise for finding planets even closer in size to Earth .
What's more , he noted , future orbiting telescopes may be able to image a planet distinct from its star and therefore search for signs of life .
Why Online Dating Does n't Work
A team of psychologists reviewed online dating sites and their conclusions are not promising .
Christie Nicholson reports February 18 , 2012
Listen to this Podcast Download MP3 Online dating might give you something , but it 's probably not a soulmate .
Most sites rely on what 's called an " exclusive process "  they use an algorithm to find romantic matches based variables , from interests to fetishes .
But now a team of psychologists from five universities has performed a systematic review .
And they say that most claims for the power of the " exclusive process " don't pan out .
Their report is in the journal Psychological Science in the Public Interest .
The existing " matching algorithms " miss key variables for long-term love .
They necessarily make matches before the parties meet .
But studies show that the strongest predictors of solid relationships are a couple 's live interaction style and ability to handle stress .
Data about characteristics like personality and attitudes cannot accurately predict how that real life interaction will function .
The scientists also note that online profile photos are poor proxies for the chemistry sparked by meeting in the flesh .
Which leads to a lot of disappointing coffee dates .
And many potentially successful matches never happen .
Of course the researchers admit online dating helps singles meet more people more quickly . And so might still lead to that magic match .
But that 's statistics , not psychology .
Dog saves girl from drowning in Philippines flash floods tragedy
By Leo Reyes Dec 22 , 2011
A pregnant dog and two other ' Azkals ' , a local name for stray dogs , have done their share in saving the lives of their masters during the rampaging floodwater that hit low lying villages in Mindanao , Southern Philippines
As Tropical Storm " Sendong " ravaged low lying areas near rivers and streams in Mindanao , Southern Philippines , a young girl credits her family 's pregnant dog for saving her life amid rampaging floodwater that wiped out the entire village where they were settled .
As floodwater overflowed from the river , seven-year-old Jennylou and her family have decided to climb the rooftop of their house , thinking the rising floodwater will not reach them .
But their house collapsed as speeding floodwater mixed with cut logs and debris battered their house , sending the entire family floating in the ocean of debris .
While afloat , Jennylou noticed the family dog swimming right beside her and was repeatedly scratching her back as if trying to communicate with her .
The young girl finally understood what her dog wants  her pregnant dog was trying to help her .
So she decided to cling and let the dog do the swimming .
While frantically swimming in the water full of debris , the dog eventually brought Jennylou to a safe place by delivering her to a big floating log where she held on for safety .
As she clung to the floating log , Jennylou saw the exhausted family dog gasping for air and struggling in the swirling floodwater .
Moments later the dog disappeared , never to be seen again .
Later in the day , rescuers found Jennlou and other survivors from the sea and was later reunited with her family , who also survived the ordeal .
" I would have died if not for our dog " , Jennylou said in the evacuation center where her family has been temporarily staying .
In another heartwarming story about the " man 's best friend " , another family was saved from the debris-filled floodwater after two " Azkals " woke them up form their sleep while floodwater was rising at an unprecedented speed at the height of Tropical Storm Sendong .
Marrietta Ardiente said she was awaken by two dogs barking and scratching the door of her house .
When she looked to find out what was the reason for the frantic dogs , she saw floodwater rising very fast .
With the help of the two dogs , Ardiente 's family was able to evacuate to safer grounds before floodwater razed her family home .
As her family moved out from their home , they brought the two stray dogs to the evacuation center .
The two dogs were the ones that saved their lives , Ardiente said .
These two moving and heartwarming dog stories could be just a few of the many life-saving tales involving dogs who also fought with for their own lives during the flash floods devastation in Southern Philippines .
How green are electric trains ?
The government is to electrify more railways across England and Wales saying it will reduce both fares and carbon emissions .
At last . Good news to report about the " greenest government ever " .
Justine Greening , the transport secretary , has announced a package of railway spending across England and Wales worth  9.4bn - of which  4.2bn will be spent on previously unannounced projects .
The projects include a high capacity " electric spine " running between Yorkshire and the East Midlands down to south coast ports , and the electrification of the line between Sheffield and Bedford .
Further electrification is also planned in Wales meaning two-thirds of the Welsh population will have access to electric trains .
We all know that diesel is massively expensive
so if we can move over to electric trains , not only are they greener , they 're also cheaper and also they are lighter too , so what that means is that when they are on the track they don 't damage it so much , so maintenance costs go down too .
But just how much " greener " are electric trains compared to diesel-powered trains ?
I tried to call the Department for Transport ( DfT ) , but no one in its press office answered .
However , this is what a press release issued by the DfT last year had to say :
Rail electrification is an important part of the Department 's carbon strategy .
Typically an electric train emits between 20% and 35% less carbon per passenger mile than a diesel train .
This benefit will only improve as the electricity generation industry reduces its carbon levels .
Electric trains also have zero emissions at the point of use , of particular benefit for air quality in pollution hot spots like city centres and mainline stations such as London Paddington .
It doesn't say where it gets these figures from , but I think I have found the source in this DfT report from July 2009 called " Rail Electrification " . On page 8 , it repeats the exact phrasing used above :
It says this is sourced from a report called " Traction Energy Metrics " published by the Rail Safety and Standards Board in 2007 and authored by Professor Roger Kemp at Lancaster University .
Page 8 also includes a chart showing " carbon emissions by transport mode . "
This is shown in much greater detail on page 51 of Kemp 's original report as a chart titled " domestic intermodal comparison of CO2 emissions . "
Relative carbon performance of rail compared to other modes .
Figures can have a habit of being repeated without being checked or updated .
But I have just spoken to Professor Kemp to ask him if these figures have changed in any meaningful way since he first published his calculations in 2007 and he said they had not :
A lot depends on the decarbonisation of our electricity generation , but by the time these new electrified lines are fully operational in the 2020s we should be advancing with the decarbonisation of the grid .
However you calculate it , though , electric trains are greener than diesel trains .
Interestingly , he added that a high-speed electric train travelling at 300 km per hour  as might be seen on HS2  would still emit less CO2 per passenger kilometre than a diesel train travelling at its top speed of 220 km per hour .
Combine all this with the fact that railway electrification , particularly on city commuter routes , helps to reduce localised air pollution - a topical subject in London this week - and it seems clear that electric trains are the way to go .
According to projections by the United Nations , the world population has reached 7 billion and continues to grow rapidly .
Feeding 7 billion and our fragile environment .
gaps are widening between the rich and the poor in some nations and tens of millions of people are vulnerable to food and water shortages .
The issue of the impact of that sheer number on the environment , including pollution , waste disposal , use of natural resources and food production .
This post focuses on wheat and the effect of our numbers on the environment .
Wheat is the most important cereal in the world and along with rice and corn accounts for about 73 percent of all cereal production .
It isn't surprising that 7 billion people have a lasting impact on our world 's natural resources and the environment in which we live .
One of the world 's breadbaskets lies in the prairies of Canada .
This stalk , near Lethbridge , Alberta , helps form the foundation for the most important food product in the world : cereal grains .
A worker carries an air filter during wheat harvest on the Stephen and Brian Vandervalk farm near MacLeod , Alberta , Canada .
The nation is the world 's third -largest exporter of wheat , producing annually an average of over 24 million tons . Only the United States and Australia export more .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) Wheat is dumped into a grain truck for transport .
The biggest importer of Canada wheat annually is often the United States , itself a major exporter .
Canadian farmers have also increased exports to such nations as Iraq and Saudi Arabia .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 4 Combines harvest wheat on Stephen and Brian Vandervalk's farm near Fort MacLeod ,, Alberta .
Among grains , only rice is consumed in great quantities than wheat .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 5 Wheat is harvested in Alberta this fall .
The United Nations predicts the world 's population will grow to about 9 billion by 2050 .
a collection of private foundations , government agencies , and the United Nations are seeking ways to boost production in such crops as wheat .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 6 Storage bins hold tons of wheat before being sold .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 7 Dan Laramee walks on grain railway cars as he loads wheat from the Canadian prairies at the Pioneer grain elevator in Carseland , Alberta , on Oct. 2 .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 8 Dan Laramee walks between grain railway cars as he loads wheat from the Canadian prairies at the Pioneer grain elevator in Alberta , Oct . 2 .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 9 Massive grain elevators hold wheat before it is transferred onto railway cars in Carseland , Alberta .
( Todd Koro / Reuters ) # 10 Grain inspector Jim Dolan inspects wheat from the Canadian prairies at the Pioneer grain elevator in Carseland , Alberta .
For decades , the world 's focus has been more on distributing food aid , including excess grains , to poor nations .
Over the last few years , that focus has shifted toward better positioning poor farmers to feed themselves , according to Reuters .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 11 A display case in the quality control room at the Alliance Grain Terminal in Vancouver , British Columbia .
With the stumbling economy hindering government efforts to boost production and distribution , such private groups as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Rockefeller Foundation are becoming more involved in agricultural research and development .
( Ben Nelms / Reuters ) # 12 Dan Lizee , operation manager , picks up a handful of wheat off the conveyor belts that transfer the grain from trains to cargo ships at the Alliance Grain Terminal in Vancouver , British Columbia .
( Ben Nelms / Reuters ) # 13 Huub Woolvrik unloads wheat at the Stephen and Brian Vandervalk farm in Alberta .
Wheat is the most important cereal in the world and along with rice and corn accounts for about 73 percent of world cereal production .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 14 Rail cars loaded with Canadian wheat travel through the Rocky Mountains on the Canadian Pacific railway line near Banff , Alberta .
( Todd Korol / Reuters ) # 15 Wheat is transferred from a train to the cargo ship ' Jork ' at the Alliance Grain Terminal in Vancouver , British Columbia .
( Ben Nelms / Reuters ) # 16 A cargo ship plies the Strait of Georgia off Vancouver , British Columbia .
Grain exports from Canada and the United States are pieces of the puzzle on how the world is going to feed its growing population .
" We are talking about adding 2.6 billion people between now and 2050 . That is two China 's , Robert Thompson , former director of rural development for the World Bank , told Reuters .
I think we can do it all if we invest enough in research .
But at the moment we aren't " .
( Ben Nelms / Reuters ) # 17 Men clean up engine fuel from a refrigerator ship that ran aground near Algeciras , southern Spain , in 2007 .
The environment provides trillions of dollars in benefits to the global economy , the United Nations says , yet many of these benefits are under threat from pollution .
( Anton Meres / Reuters ) # 18 A farmer takes water from a dying pond to irrigate his vegetable field on the outskirts of Yingtan in China .
( Reuters ) # 19 A worker removes dead fish from a lake in Wuhan , central China 's Hubei province , in 2007 .
Mankind 's immense pressure on the planet is causing the fastest extinction of species in millions of years and is rapidly heating up the planet , threatening more extreme weather , according to scientists .
( Reuters ) # 20 The snow and bitter waters cannot keep this swimmer from the waters near Athens in 2008 .
( Yiorgos Karahalis / Reuters ) # 21 A Hindu devotee wraps a piece of clothing around himself after a ritual dip in the polluted Yamuna river in New Delhi in 2010 .
The United Nations warns that the problems of pollution , deforestation , and climate change are expected to worsen as the world 's population climbs .
( Danish Siddiqui / Reuters ) # 22 A boy swims in the polluted waters of Manila Bay in the Philippines in 2010 .
" Manila Bay has become a huge floating dump for the whole of metro Manila '' , said one Greenpeace worker .
( Cheryl Ravelo / Reuters ) # 23 Oil is burned off the surface of the water near the source of the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana last summer .
The US government estimates that 206 million gallons of oil were released by BP 's well a mile beneath the sea .
Tens of billions of dollars have been spent or committed by BP on cleaning up the devastation and compensating victims .
( Lee Celano / Reuters ) # 24 Deforestation such as found on Indonesia 's Sumatra island leads to depleted resources and increased greenhouse gases , the United Nations says .
( Beawiharta / Reuters ) # 25 Pigeons and dust cloud a street in Kuwait City in 2008 .
The world 's mean temperatures continue to rise , say UN scientists .
( Stephanie McGehee / Reuters ) # 26 Two youths frolic at a beach in Qingdao , Shandong province , in China .
The resort city has been the site of large algae blooms .
( Nir Elias / Reuters ) # 27 Medical workers use a Geiger counter to screen a woman for possible radiation exposure at a public welfare centre in Hitachi City , Ibaraki , March 16 , 2011 .
Man 's solutions to provide energy to the growing population , such as nuclear powered plants , can have serious consequences when systems fail .
28  A motorcyclist turns back due to intense heat while passing through haze near burnt peat land in Rokan Hilir , Indonesia 's Riau province in 2005 .
( Beawiharta / Reuters ) # 29 A garbage collector carries a sack as he walks atop a massive pile of garbage at the Bloemendhal dump in central Colombo in 2009 .
( David Gray / Reuters ) # 30 Gasoline prices at a station near Lindbergh Field as a plane approaches landing in San Diego , California , in 2008 .
( Mike Blake / Reuters ) # 31 Steam billows from the cooling towers of Vattenfall 's Jaenschwalde brown coal power station on a lake near Cottbus , eastern Germany in 2009 .
( Pawel Kopczynski / Reuters ) # 32 A man works at the site of a rare earth metals mine at Nancheng county , Jiangxi province in 2010 .
( Reuters ) # 33 A laborer takes a break from his work at a brick factory at Togga village on the outskirts of the northern Indian city of Chandigarh in 2009 .
( Ajay Verma / Reuters ) # 34 The Haibowan coal-fired power plant on the outskirts of Wuhai in China 's northern Inner Mongolia region in 2009 .
( Jason Lee / Reuters ) # 35 A male polar bear carries the head of a polar bear cub it killed and cannibalized in an area about 300 km ( 186 miles ) north of the Canadian town of Churchill in 2009 .
Food supplies for polar bears are being affected by rising temperatures and melting ice .
( Iain D . Williams / Reuters ) # 36 This image taken by NASA 's Aqua satellite in 2008 shows the state of Arctic sea ice .
Mankind 's immense pressure on the planet is causing the fastest extinction of species in millions of years and is rapidly heating up the planet , threatening more extreme weather .
( NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio )
Let us show you interesting Cocoon Fireplace by Federico Otero .
The cocoon fireplace series present an updated model of the classic modern fireplace .
Its simple design makes it suitable for almost every interior .
It burns smoke-free ethanol which needs no flue .
Coocon Fireplace can rotate 360 degrees and it comes in black or stainless steel with varying pole heights to accommodate your ceiling .
Take a look !
Despite being given additional help by parents , those born in August are 20 percent more likely to take vocational qualifications at college and a fifth less likely to attend an elite Russell Group university than those with September birthdays .
The study published by the Institute for Fiscal Studies  also lays bare the extent to which a child 's date of birth influences their self-perception , social and emotional development and chances of being bullied at school .
It comes amid a continuing debate over the best way to educate summer-born children .
The Government insist parents should be given greater control over when children are enrolled in primary education  starting them part-time or later in the reception year to make sure they are " school ready " .
In today 's report , the IFS said further research was needed into the area but suggested children may also need to sit tests at different ages or have their scores " age-adjusted " to address the imbalance .
Ellen Greaves , IFS research economist and the repor 's author , said : " It is clear that the consequences of the month in which you were born extend beyond educational attainment " .
We find evidence that , particularly at younger ages , summer-born children are more likely to report being unhappy at school and to have experienced bullying than autumn-born children .
In light of this , the Government should be concerned about the wider educational experience of summer-born children , who appear to be at a disadvantage in terms of their well-being as well as their test scores .
The report  funded by the Nuffield Foundation  was based on an analysis of three major studies that track children from birth through their education and into early adulthood .
It compared children born in September  at the start of the academic year  to those with birthdays in August to gauge the effect that this had on a range of issues relating to education and personal wellbeing .
Relative to peers with September birthdays , the study found that children born in August were :
Likely to achieve " substantially " lower scores in national achievement tests and other measures of cognitive skills ; 
20 percent more likely to study for vocational qualifications if they stay on beyond the age of 16 ;
20 percent less likely to attend a Russell Group university aged 19 ;
Between two-and-a-half and three-and-a-half times more likely to be regarded as below average in reading , writing and maths at age seven ;
More likely to exhibit lower social and emotional development ;
Two-and-a-half times more likely to report being unhappy at school and twice as likely to report being bullied at the age of seven , The study said gaps in performance decreased as children grow up .
It also found that August-born children were  on average  given a " richer home learning environment " than other pupils as parents seek to compensate for disadvantages their children face at school .
The IFS said further research would be published next year about how to address the imbalance at school level .
It suggested this may have implications for the admissions policies that local authorities choose to follow " or may result in the need to test children at different stages or " age-adjust their scores in some way . "
You may not like them , but it appears ' smug marrieds ' have a good reason to feel pleased with themselves .
Researchers at the University of Cardiff in Wales have found that being married is good for physical and mental health .
Furthermore , these benefits increase over time .
According to their findings , on average , married people live longer ,
while overall , married women have better mental health and married men have better physical health .
" On balance it probably is worth making the effort .
Men 's physical health probably improves because of their partner 's positive influence on their lifestyle
and the mental bonus for women may be due to a greater emphasis on the importance of the relationship " , .
However , they acknowledged that the course of true love does not always run smoothly
and pointed to evidence which suggests that relationships in adolescence are associated with increased adolescent depressive symptoms .
They also noted that not all relationships are good for you ,
referring to evidence that single people have better mental health than those in strained relationships .
Not surprisingly , the researchers also confirmed that breaking up is hard to do , saying ' exiting a relationship is distressing , '
while divorce can have a devastating impact on individuals .
Having numerous partners is also linked with a risk of earlier death .
However , they concluded that while relationship failures can harm health , this is not a reason to avoid them .
The other day Russian Special Police Force has done scheduled winter exercises in conditions of a rugged country .
Driving the " Tiger " car and APC - 80 they maneuvered and overcame various obstacles .
Here is how it all was happening .
Forming the troops before the beginning of the training .
By the way , this is the largest special sub-unit base in Europe .
APC-80 is getting over the snow field .
The height of the snow is about half a meter , but in some places it's up to a meter .
Cross-country ability of " Tiger " is much better than of its analogs .
" UAZ " and " Hammer " are not even close to it .
It 's a really good car , but very uncomfortable inside .
Crew .
Strange enough but " Tiger " overheated during the training but fortunately was quickly repaired .
Diesel APC  environmentalists are indignant .
There can be from 6 to 9 people inside . Depends on the amount of equipment .
Actually , to lie in this way isn't very comfortable .
You should be very skilful not to fall down on the ground at the speed of 80 km/h .
Pay attention to the trees .
The field is completely digged over .
Inside APC .
On the left is the driver 's place .
There are special windows that provide a better vision in the fight .
Souvenirs .
Food was very good .
Smoking break .
Global trade A deadline for Doha
The agonies of trying to revive free-trade talks
LAST November marked the start of the tenth year since the epic , stamina-sapping Doha round of trade talks began .
It was also when the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , and Britain 's prime minister , David Cameron , joined by the heads of government of Turkey and Indonesia , asked a group of experts to work out how on earth to get a Doha deal done .
Led by Peter Sutherland , a combative former director-general of the World Trade Organisation and its predecessor body , GATT , and by a trade economist at Columbia University , Jagdish Bhagwati , the experts were due to issue a report on January 28th .
That will be in the midst of the annual jamboree at Davos in Switzerland , where global bigwigs gather to chew over world affairs .
The report could cause a few attendees to choke on their Glhwein .
It urges its sponsors , along with the rest of the leaders of the world 's big economies , formally to commit to finishing the round by the end of the year .
It is far from clear how such a deadline could be made binding , but the idea is as much tactical as practical , and received backing this week from the International Chamber of Commerce .
Mr Sutherland argues that his experience during the Uruguay round of trade talks taught him that having a firm timetable is the best way to knock heads together .
Those talks took a mere seven years , ending in 1994 ,
and if it is any consolation to today 's negotiators , even the WTO 's official history admits that at times they " seemed doomed to fail . "
That is a fate that must not befall Doha , the experts insist .
They reckon that only a few more steps are needed for an agreement .
Richard Baldwin of the Graduate Institute in Geneva , one of the economists in the group , argues that
" Doha is a lot closer to being done than it has ever been , and than a lot of people realise " .
One reason is that agricultural commodity prices are high , so in America subsidies to farmers , which are linked to world prices , have been tapered down .
This means that trimming them back should be less controversial than might otherwise be the case .
That could encourage Barack Obama to throw his weight behind the talks .
Finishing the Doha round could also help his administration flaunt its pro-business credentials , which have been under question of late .
An emphasis on the importance of removing trade barriers in service industries , such as technology , could help to bring the agreement of big service-sector exporters , notably India .
That country 's reluctance to make concessions on agriculture was blamed by many for the collapse of the last serious attempt to finish the Doha round in July 2008 .
And the big emerging economies , the authors argue , need to remember that an umbrella trade agreement that covers almost all countries is far preferable to the idea of trying to strike scores of bilateral deals .
Some Doha doubters argue that the world economy has moved on since the round began 
trade in services has become far more important , and many countries have already cut tariffs on their own  making the talks largely irrelevant .
But the authors provide some convincing evidence against this view .
The proposals already on the table would add $ 360 billion in new trade each year .
They would lead to a substantial reduction in the tariffs paid .
For example , the total amount of tariffs paid on manufactured goods imported into America could fall by almost 50% .
The authors do , though , admit that there are growing gaps " between 20th - century trade governance and 21st - century trade . "
A case in point is the growth and rising complexity of global supply chains ,
which means that today 's protectionists are more likely to resort to targeted rules rather than tariffs ;
this makes trade negotiators ' traditional goal of tariff - killing less relevant .
But abandoning the present negotiations in favour of an entirely new round of talks with a more up-to-date agenda , as some have advocated , has even less chance of getting anywhere than the Doha effort .
That is saying something .
Top rate of 1.2 percent as Shanghai and Chongqing seek to curb prices -
Shanghai and Chongqing will launch the first-ever property tax for second - home buyers ,
part of a series of government measures to curb soaring prices and real-estate speculation .
The two cities announced on Thursday night that they will levy the property taxes from Friday .
The tax will target high - end , newly purchased second homes and will require buyers to pay between 0.4 to 1.2 percent .
In seperate statements , the two local governments said the taxes will depend on how values of homes compare to average market prices .
Non-local residents without any job or investment in Chongqing will also be taxed when they buy second homes .
In Shanghai , second-home buyers will pay a tax of 0.6 percent .
If values of homes are less than double that of average housing prices , buyers need only pay 0.4 percent .
Buyers of new second homes will pay a tax of 0.5 percent if homes are valued at two to three times average housing prices .
Homes valued at three to four times the average prices will be taxed 1 percent , with the highest tax not exceeding 1.2 percent .
All villas and town houses in Chongqing will be taxed as well .
" The property tax can be considered a new measure to adjust demand and supply , curb property speculation and squeeze the housing bubble " , Chen Guoqiang , deputy chief of the China Real Estate Society , said .
" The rate , lower than expected , is for the government to test the market " ,
said Carlby Xie , head of research and consulting for North China at Colliers International , a real estate agency .
China took a series of measures last year to rein in property prices , including limiting home purchases , raising down-payment requirements and hiking interest rates twice .
Analysts say they believe the property tax is a long-term tool that can help stabilize the market .
The announcement followed the State Council 's latest tightening regulation publicized on Wednesday to cool down the housing market , including raising the down payment for second-home buyers to 60 percent from 50 percent .
" The property tax will send prices down , along with the impact of new housing regulations " ,
said Lu Qilin , director of Uwin Real Estate Research Center .
" Housing prices may slip by up to 10 percent " .
But Chen Yunfeng , secretary general of the China Real Estate Manager Federation , said the property tax will not cause housing prices to drop as demand is still robust , " especially for high-end houses . "
Huang Qifan , mayor of Chongqing , said 200 million yuan ( $ 30.38 million ) in property tax is expected to be collected this year .
The two city governments told the media that the property tax is aimed to help narrow the wealth gap , guide property purchases in the right direction and better distribute housing resources .
The tax collected will be used in the construction of government-subsidized affordable housing projects .
Snow Shoveling Injuries Affect
Old and Young , Expert Warns Problems ranging from heart attacks to horseplay lead many shovelers to ERs each year
Snow shoveling is a dangerous chore that causes an average of nearly 100 deaths and 11,500 emergency department visits each year in the United States , according to a new study .
And while most of the problems occur among adults , kids under 19 experience more than 1,750 shoveling-related injuries each year , the investigators found .
The analysis of data from 1990 to 2006 found that the most common shoveling-related injuries were soft tissue damage ( 55 percent , ) cuts ( 16 percent ) and broken bones ( 7 percent . )
The most frequently injured areas of the body were the lower back ( 34 percent , ) the arms and hands ( 16 percent ) and the head ( 15 percent , ) the study authors noted .
Common causes of injuries were acute musculoskeletal exertion ( 54 percent , ) slips or falls ( 20 percent ) and being struck by a snow shovel ( 15 percent . )
Heart problems accounted for only 7 percent of all shoveling-related cases but were responsible for more than half of the hospitalizations
and all of the 1,647 deaths during the 17-year study period , according to the report published in the January issue of the American Journal of Emergency Medicine .
People 55 and older were more than four times more likely than younger people to experience heart problems while shoveling snow .
Among those over 55 , men were twice as likely as women to suffer heart problems .
" Not only is the heart 's workload increased due to shoveling snow , but cold temperatures also add to the chances of a heart attack in at-risk individuals .
We recommend talking to your doctor before you shovel snow , especially if you do not exercise regularly , have a medical condition or are in a high-risk group " , Smith added .
Alternatives to shoveling include using a snow blower , hiring someone else to do it , or using salts , de-icing sprays or heated sidewalk mats .
And before sending the kids out to clear the snow , explain to them that shovels are tools and are not meant for horseplay .
Shoveling injuries suffered by children and teens often result from being struck by a snow shovel ,
with two-thirds of those being head injuries , the doctor pointed out .
" Shoveling snow can be a great outdoor activity for kids ;
however , it is important for parents to teach children the correct way to shovel snow and remind them that shovels are not toys " , said Smith , who is also a professor of pediatrics at the Ohio State University College of Medicine .
Movie review :
' In Heaven , Underground :
The Weissensee Jewish Cemetery ' Britta Wauer 's documentary reveals the unforeseen ways death and life manage to intertwine in a Berlin forest .
The Weissensee Jewish Cemetery " is a playful , poetic and all-around charming documentary , an off-center look at an unusual institution .
That would be Berlin 's Weissensee , a 130-year-old veritable necropolis whose 115,000 graves make it the largest such establishment still in use in Europe .
Yes , one of its administrators admits , there are a lot of dead people around , " but they don't hurt you . It 's very peaceful " .
It 's also quite beautiful , a fully mature 100-acre forest in what was once East Berlin , and director Britta Wauer , working with cinematographer Kasper Kopke , has included numerous moments of random , unexpected beauty .
Wauer portrays Weissensee as a kind of magical place , filled with frequent bursts of life that range from the expected to the surprising .
The film reveals the unforeseen ways death and life manage to intertwine because the cemetery has woven itself into the fabric of so many lives .
Because it is so old , Weissensee has a considerable number of huge mausoleums , some restored but others , as one observer says , so shaky " if you look at them sternly they fall over " .
The existence of these ostentatious mansions of the dead underlines one of the points " In Heaven , Underground " quietly makes , which is how central Germany 's Jews were to that country 's power elite .
A ceremonial visit by an Israeli military unit to honor the Jews who died in World War I provides an opportunity to note that some 120,000 Jews volunteered for the army when Germany entered the Great War .
Another of " In Heaven , Underground's " interviewees , Gabriella Naidu , makes a similar point .
She visits the enormous mausoleum of her great-grandfather Adolf Schwabacher , once director of the Berlin Stock Exchange , and gives insight into what the lives of these powerful individuals were like .
While it is true that mourners searching for dead relatives make up a certain percentage of Weissensee visitors , " In Heaven " views them as just one color in a wide spectrum of unconventional people who find the cemetery irresistible .
Who would expect to find a young family that rents an apartment on the grounds or the high school art class devoted to making gravestone rubbings they later use in designing stones for themselves ?
And because Weissensee is such a deep forest , ornithologists doing serious birds of prey research show up to climb its trees and count the number of goshawk fledglings in cemetery nests .
It is sometimes the people with work connections to Weissensee , starting with feisty 84-year-old Rabbi William Wolff , who have the most affecting stories to tell .
The son of a father who worked as a bricklayer at the cemetery , he describes falling in love among the memorial stones as a boy , and a coffin maker talks about how his work is a particularly satisfying act of charity because " dead people can't say thank you " .
The coffin maker also reveals that his coffins are made without nails , so that eventually nothing remains in the ground but the bones of the interred .
Other Jewish burial practices , like the custom of visitors leaving small stones on tombstones , are examined ,
and Rabbi Wolff talks about the religion 's lack of afterlife details :
" The next world is vague because we live in this world " .
Finally , though , it is not any one moment but the combination of all of them that makes " In Heaven , Underground " such a satisfying experience .
" Life affirming " are not the first words that come to mind to describe a film about a cemetery , but in this case they absolutely fit .
Vietnam 's own ' great wall ' uncovered By Adam Bray
Special for CNN
It 's not on the same scale of China 's Great Wall but is still significant for Vietnam 's past and future .
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Team uncovers what it calls the " longest monument in Southeast Asia "
The Long Wall stretches for 127 km and was used to regulate trade and travel
It could help redefine tourism in Vietnam
It 's nicknamed Vietnam 's Great Wall , by locals although it is not on the same scale as China 's
Editor 's note :
Adam Bray has written extensively on Vietnam and is the first journalist to have visited the Long Wall .
Quang Ngai , Vietnam ( CNN ) -- Nestled in the mountain foothills of a remote province in central Vietnam , one of the country 's most important archaeological discoveries in a century has recently come to light .
After five years of exploration and excavation , a team of archaeologists has uncovered a 127-kilometer ( 79 - mile ) wall -- which locals have called " Vietnam 's Great Wall " .
Professor Phan Huy L , president of the Vietnam Association of Historians , said : " This is the longest monument in Southeast Asia " .
The wall is built of alternating sections of stone and earth , with some sections reaching a height of up to four meters .
In 2005 , Dr . Andrew Hardy , associate professor and head of the Hanoi branch of cole Franaise d'Extrme-Orient ( French School of Asian Studies , ) found
an odd reference to a " Long Wall of Quang Ngai " in an 1885 document compiled by the Nguyen Dynasty court entitled , " Descriptive Geography of the Emperor Dong Khanh " .
It sparked his imagination and a major exploration and excavation project for a team led by Hardy and Dr . Nguyen Tien Dong , an archaeologist at the Institute of Archaeology ( Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences . )
The wall was discovered after some five years of work .
It stretches from northern Quang Ngai Province south into the province of Binh Dinh and is arguably the greatest engineering feat of the Nguyen Dynasty .
Construction of the Long Wall started in 1819 under the direction of Le Van Duyet , a high-ranking mandarin serving Emperor Gia Long .
Despite the locals ' nickname referencing the Great Wall of China , the Vietnam Wall is more like Hadrian's Wall -- a Roman-era wall on the border of England and Scotland .
Like Hadrian 's Wall , the Quang Ngai wall was built along a pre-existing road .
More than 50 ancient forts have been identified along its length , established to maintain security and levy taxes .
There is evidence to suggest that many of the forts , markets and temples built along the road are much older than the wall itself .
It served to demarcate territory and regulate trade and travel between the Viet in the plains and the Hr tribes in the mountain valleys .
Research suggests it may have been built in cooperation between both the Viet and the Hr .
According to experts , the wall 's construction was in the interests of both communities ,
and inhabitants in both zones tell stories about how their respective ancestors built the wall to protect their territory from incursions by the other side .
An application for National Heritage status is now being processed with the ambition of turning the Long Wall into an international tourist attraction .
During a visit to Quang Ngai by international experts in 2010 , Christopher Young , Head of International Advice at English Heritage , said :
" The Long Wall presents an enormous opportunity for research , careful conservation and sustainable use " .
Quang Ngai 's Long Wall is not the province 's only potential resource for tourism .
The area also boasts a lush , mountainous countryside , hot springs , an offshore volcanic island , coral reefs and miles of pristine beaches .
Spread across the province , there are also sites of cultural interest , including vestiges of more than a dozen ancient Cham temples , citadels and Sa Huynh burial grounds dating as far back as 1000 BC .
Most notable among them is the well-preserved Chau Sa Citadel , built in the ninth century .
But the development of the wall for tourism is not without hurdles , given the history of the region .
Quang Ngai is the province where the infamous My Lai massacre occurred in 1968 when U.S. servicemen killed more than 300 apparently unarmed civilians .
Although a museum memorializing the tragedy was built in cooperation with U.S. specialists , the area has remained politically sensitive and under tight government control .
Until recently , the government has been reluctant to allow foreigners to visit some minority communities .
If the endeavor to develop the wall for tourism is successful , it will require the government to promote adventure trekking and cycling through previously isolated highland communities on an unprecedented scale .
That would open Vietnam up to a new kind of tourism -- historical ecotourism --
which goes beyond the Ministry of Tourism 's preference for packaged tours in coastal beach resorts .
It may also create the greatest trek in Southeast Asia .
God will never exempt you from the mundane
" Unless you are faithful in small matters , you won't be faithful in large ones .
If you cheat even a little , you won't be honest with greater responsibilities " .
Luke 16 :
" You will never arrive at the state in life where you 're too important to help with menial tasks .
How an Egg Can Make You a Better Photographer
Did you get a new DSLR for Christmas ?
If so , you 've probably spent time pouring over its tech sheet and trying out every cool feature .
But when it comes to taking great pictures , a fancy camera doesn't help much if your photography skills aren't solid 
to get the most out of your DSLR ,
don't just learn how to use your camera , learn to use your eyes .
One good place to start your education is the video below ,
where an incredibly simple setup demonstrates how lighting affects a subject .
Here 's how a very low-tech experiment can teach you a lot about using high-tech cameras .
In the video , photographer Joe Edelman demonstrates the difference lighting makes , using only a single light source and an ordinary egg .
As the light zooms around , you 'll see the picture drastically change before your eyes , with even subtle movements making a world of difference .
And if lighting can be that important to an egg , imagine how much it means for a human subject .
But the video isn't just demonstrating a visual concept , it 's also a tool for honing your photographer 's eye .
Joe credits this easy exercise with teaching him to " see light " when taking his shots .
So if you find the video interesting , you should definitely check out Joe 's accompanying blog post or , better yet , recreate his experiment at home .
Any photographers up for trying this out ?
Writing Exercise May Lessen Performance Anxiety 's Effects
Performance anxiety can be crippling .
Entertainers who suffer from it come up with creative defenses .
Bono has his purple shades .
The indie rock singer Cat Power faces away from the audience .
Others turn to more standard solutions like Xanax .
But there might be a healthier quick fix :
writing .
Because new research reveals that writing about your worries just before a performance can reduce the risk of blowing it due to anxiety .
The work appears in the journal Science .
Researchers gave 20 students two math tests .
The students did nothing special before the first test .
But before the second test , students were told they 'd receive money for high marks .
Half of the students were then instructed to take 10 minutes and write down any concerns they had about the test .
The other half sat quietly .
Those who just sat waiting did 12 percent worse on the second test than on the first .
But those who wrote about their fears showed a five percent improvement on the exam .
Another part of the research found that writing in general didn't work  it had to be about test-related concerns to trigger the effect .
So to write may prevent some wrongs .
How Do You Really Feel About Smoking ?
Public Health , Your Health
Three examples of proposed warning graphics that will appear on cigarette packaging as part of the government 's new tobacco prevention efforts .
Now that the Food and Drug Administration has the power to regulate tobacco and is starting to flex its muscles , we wondered how Americans are feeling about smoking .
So our pals at Thomson Reuters agreed to ask a slew of questions about smoking and cigarettes as part of their latest nationwide health survey .
First , here 's a little bit of info about the more than 3,000 people who responded to the telephone survey .
More than half  56 percent  said they 'd never smoked .
Slightly more than a quarter are former smokers and about 17 percent smoke now .
Now the findings .
A little more than half  54 percent  of people surveyed are in favor of those graphic cigarette labels FDA has proposed to deter smoking .
About 24 percent oppose them .
Digging deeper , the data show 42 percent of current smokers support the warnings and that 21 percent strongly oppose them .
So do anti-smoking ads and messages work ?
Most people don't really think so .
A little more than three-quarters said they had no influence .
Yet , some 22 percent of current smokers said the ads had led them to smoke less , and 11 percent of former smokers said they'd helped them quit .
Now , what about taxes ?
The median tax on a pack of cigarettes is $ 1.18 , according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on states ' efforts to combat tobacco .
Opinion is divided .
A little more than third of people say taxes about about right , and a little more than a third think they 're too high .
The rest say they 're too low .
Only 2 percent of current smokers think the taxes are too low .
Three-quarters of smokers think they 're too high , as you might have expected .
The survey was conducted during the first two weeks of December .
The margin of error is plus or minus 1.8 percentage points .
For the full results and the text of the questions , go here .
With The Tempest and the new Chronicles of Narnia flick both opening this week ,
we figured it was high time to look back on some of the hottest actresses who' ve taken on the fantasy film genre .
Whether soaring over a mystical forest on winged-horseback ,
escaping an evil warlock 's mountain lair or just staring serenely out of a palace window ,
these are the girls who make fantasy look good .
Kiera Knightley  King Arthur Easily one of the more badass depictions of Guinevere on film ,
Keira Knightley 's role as the fabled queen required her to wear little more than a leather belt for a shirt throughout the better part of the movie .
Liv Tyler  The Lord of the Rings
Excellent storytelling and awe-inspiring imagery aside ,
Peter Jackson 's greatest accomplishment with the LOTR trilogy was how he managed to make Liv Tyler even hotter than usual .
Cate Blanchett  The Lord of the Rings
Same with Cate Blanchett , but in the battle for sexiest elf-lady in Middle Earth , Arwen will always be first .
Connie Nielsen  Gladiator
Connie Nielsen played up the allure in her role as the Roman princess Lucilla .
Not even her brother could resist .
Gemma Arterton  Prince of Persia
A mostly horrible movie , yes , but how bad can any movie really be if it has Gemma Arterton in it ?
All you have to do is turn off the sound ,
keep your finger on the fast forward button and pretend you 're watching Donnie Darko whenever Jake Gyllenhaal shows up on screen .
Angelina Jolie  Beowulf
Next to Godzilla , Angelina Jolie ' s portrayal of Grendel 's mother will likely go down as the sexiest computer-generated lizard monster in movie history .
Lena Headey  300
Marching off to certain death wouldn't be so bad provided you had Lena Headey in an ill-fitting toga to keep you company on your last night before battle .
Alexa Davalos  Clash of the Titans
Even though it would have been totally awesome ,
we 're glad the kraken didn't eat her .
Natalie Portman  Your Highness
The movie hasn't even come out yet ,
but we 're calling this one now .
If you have any doubts ,
go ahead and watch the red band trailer .
She 's kind of almost naked in it .
Yeah , that's right .
This morning I met a man who was terribly posh , rather eccentric - and an absolute treat .
His name is Nick Crean and you could say he is rather like the Prestat chocolates he produces .
Prestat chocolates have a prestigious pedigree .
They have held a Royal Warrant since 1975 , and fans have included Sarah Berhardt , Sir John Gielgud , Dame Peggy Ashcroft , Princess Diana , Stephen Fry and others .
Roald Dahl made Prestat truffles central to his racy novel My Uncle Oswald , in which they were injected with a love potion by a temptress set on seducing various high profile figures .
As I arrived at their dull-looking factory in Park Royal , west London ,
I felt a bit sad that such beautiful , glamorous boxes of chocolates are made in such soul less surroundings .
It seemed that maybe the famously ' handmade '
Prestat chocolates were not as artisan as I had expected .
In fact , I couldn't have been more wrong .
True , I wasn't exactly invited to float down a chocolate river in a candy floss boat with oompa loompas feeding me magical treats ,
but I did see amazing things being done with chocolate , by hand , by small teams of very jolly , passionate people .
And goodness , the smells and the sights !
I 'm not even the biggest chocolate eater ( give me a packet of cheese and onion crisps over a Mars bar any day ) but this was incredible .
Each room had a different scent - cardomon here , juniper there , mint , rose , ginger - all with a backdrop of molten chocolate from the big bowls of the stuff being tempered ( the melting , cooling and re-warming process that gives good chocolate its snap and shine . )
Nick showed me the new flavours being developed which I had fun tasting - tobacco-flavoured chocolate ganache , anyone ( utterly delicious in case you are wondering ) .
Or how about a G&amp;T truffle ?
Then there 's honey truffles , white chocolate with fruits of the forest , truffles rolled in green tea .
Fantastic stuff .
I watched in awe as chocolate was stirred and poured and moulded and filled and boxed by such small teams of people that it is hard to imagine that Prestat makes 15,000 chocolates a day .
Nick and his half-brother Bill Keeling bought Prestat 12 years ago for some  70,000 .
The brand was failing , they knew it as their mother 's favourite chocolate brand ,
and they were both looking for a change in direction , careerwise .
So they decide to buy it and turn it around - and they couldn't have been more successful .
Now , the company has a retail value of some  5 million - and the chocolates are better than they ever were .
The Royal warrant , which they were famously given because the Queen Mother was such a fan , is still very much present which means the Royals still eat them .
' The Palace still orders our chocolates regularly ' , says Nick , who says he can say nothing more about the Royal preferences .
However , he can't help but confide later that the Queen loves white chocolate so they always put a white chocolate rabbit in her Easter chocolate order ,
and that the Mint Chocolate Wafers are a favourite of hers , too .
Nick 's own favourite ?
He says that depends on his mood , but he likes that sea-salted caramels , honey truffles , rose and violet creams and he says he has at least one of the milk chocolate hazelnut clusters every day ( he let me have one too - divine , particularly as the hazelnuts are enrobed in caramel before being coated in chocolate . )
The love and care he , Bill and his team have put in to saving Prestat is nothing short of wondrous and they now have a brand that is smart , quirky , colourful , romantic , luxurious , cheerful - and not in the least bit snobbish .
All the very best bits of Britishness , embodied in each and every chocolate .
Perhaps that is even more magical than Mr Dahl himself could have imagined .
The Federal and Quebec Immigration Quebec immigration systems offer Canadian permanent residency to qualified business persons under their Immigrant Investor categories .
The immigrant investor visas for the Investor and his or her dependents result in unconditional permanent residency status , except for the residency requirements applicable to all Permanent Residents .
Both the Federal and Quebec Investor Immigrant Programs have been extremely popular ,
and there are significant benefits to Canada resulting from these investments .
The Federal government declared a moratorium on the acceptance of new applications in the Federal Immigrant Investor Program on June 26 , 2010 .
Now , four months later , Quebec has announced a moratorium in effect from October 13 , 2010 on the acceptance of new applications under the Quebec Immigrant Investor Program .
Canada 's criteria for investor immigration remained unchanged since 1999 and the investment amount was one of the lowest as compared to similar programs offered in the US , Australia , the UK , etc .
The criteria were in need of an update to remain competitive with these countries .
The moratoriums will allow Citizenship and Immigration Canada ( CIC ) and Immigration Quebec to reduce the backlog of applications .
Once the programs re-open , procedural changes implemented during the moratorium will facilitate faster processing times .
Undoubtedly , this is something business persons will appreciate .
While immigration is a Federal subject in Canada ,
the Federal Immigrant Investor Program is only available to those destined for settlement outside Quebec , as Immigration Quebec has the authority to select immigrants destined for the province of Quebec .
the Federal Immigrant Investor Program is only available to those destined for settlement outside Quebec , as Immigration Quebec has the authority to select immigrants destined for the province of Quebec .
Both the Quebec and Federal Investor Programs have identical eligibility criteria , apart from minor differences .
When the Federal and Quebec Investor Immigrant Programs re-open ,
the following eligibility criteria will be applicable to new applications :
An individual must : 
have a net worth of at least CAD$ 1.6 million ,
 have 2 years of managerial experience in the preceding 5 years ;
and ,  be willing to make an investment of CAD$ 800,000 for a period of 5 years at 0 % interest . The return of the capital is guaranteed by the government .
Under the new rules , applicants will be able to choose one of the following two options for making the investment :
1 . Invest the entire CAD$ 800,000 out of the applicant's own funds :
In this case , these will be kept by the government for a period of five years , after which the funds will be returned in full ;
OR 2 . Pay a financing fee in the range of CAD$ 200,000 :
Due to the secure nature of the investment ,
Canadian financial institutions are willing to make the investment with the government on behalf of the applicant ,
for a one-time financing fee in the range of CAD$ 200,000 .
The financing fee is paid up front and is non-refundable .
Current expectations are that the Federal and Quebec Investor Immigrant programs will be open for new applications by December 2010 .
If you are interested in one of these programs ,
it is best to start your application now so that it is ready to submit as soon as the programs re-open .
BEIJING  Before the opening bell sounded on the New York Stock Exchange on a recent Tuesday ,
a group of fresh college graduates clocked in at a small trading firm on the outskirts of this capital city .
They were hired to engage in rapid-fire stock trading with some of the world's most powerful investment houses in New York , London and Tokyo , and they were instructed to be alert .
and they were instructed to be alert . " The market could be volatile today " , King Chan , the general manager at Lazer Trade , shouted to the group during a pep talk .
" Be careful at the open . And don't take dumb risks " .
Mr . Chan 's day-trading shop is one of many that have sprung up in and around China 's major cities in recent years .
Trading firms based in the United States and Canada are recruiting inexpensive workers in China and teaching them to engage in speculative trading .
This means repeatedly buying and selling shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq Stock Market , hoping for quick profits .
By some industry estimates , as many as 10,000 people in China are doing speculative day trading of American stocks  mostly aggressive young men working the wee hours here , from 9 : 30 p.m. to 4 a.m. , each often trading tens of thousands of shares a day .
" Trading groups have exploded into China " , says Stephen Ehrlich , chief executive at LightSpeed Financial , a New York company that sells trading software to firms operating in China .
China prohibits its citizens from using Chinese currency to buy or sell shares of companies listed on foreign stock exchanges ,
though there appears to be no prohibition against trading stocks for an account owned by a foreign entity .
That legal gray area has enticed several American and Canadian trading firms to set up shop here ,
at least partly to cater to wealthy clients seeking more diverse investment options .
Securities experts are puzzled by the operations .
They question how the firms can profit by using inexperienced traders .
They also wonder aloud whether the use of traders in China violates American and Canadian securities laws .
" This is a jurisdictional mess for the U.S. regulators " , says Thomas J . Rice , a specialist in securities law at Baker &amp; McKenzie .
" Are these Chinese traders essentially acting as brokers ?
If they are they would need to be registered in the U.S. "
American , Canadian and Chinese regulators declined to comment when asked about the growth of day trading in China .
The New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq also declined to comment .
A spokesman for Swift Trade , which provides software to Lazer Trade and takes a cut of its trading profits , insisted the China operation was registered properly with the authorities and was entirely legal .
Two other firms with day trading operations here ,
Hold Brothers and Title Trading , declined repeated requests for interviews .
Some of the firms say they can profit from trading operations in China through a combination of cheap overhead , rebates and other financial incentives from the major stock exchanges ,
and pent-up demand for broader investment options among China 's elite .
Most of the firms say they put up their own capital or capital from private investors in the United States or Canada to open an affiliated trading shop in China .
They hire young Chinese to trade for them  often with no standard salary but a promise of a share in any profits .
Peter Beck , a founder of Swift Trade , a Canadian firm with about 1,500 traders in China , said his operation was thriving and that the firm got a share of the trading profits .
" Our clients  they open an office , give us the money and then hire people to trade for them .
That 's our structure " , Mr . Beck said by telephone .
Swift Trade is considered one of the pioneers in the outsourcing of day trading .
It grew initially by offering brokerage services in Canada and then by hiring Canadians to trade the firm's capital from its Toronto headquarters .
The company offered modest salaries to traders along with profit-sharing deals .
But after 2001 , when U.S. exchanges began pricing shares in decimals instead of fractions , the trading spreads tightened and profits plummeted .
As a result , many day traders  who benefited from large spreads as much as from price swings  quit .
With fewer traders using its software or sharing their trading profits , Swift pushed into Asia .
The firm opened a training center in China and encouraged some Canadian traders with Chinese roots to move to China to set up and manage a Swift-affiliated day-trading firm .
The business took off , and by 2007 Swift and other day-trading firms like Title Trading and Hold Brothers were offering services to thousands of day traders  often through accounts registered by wealthy Chinese or by expatriates from the United States and Canada .
One of those risk-takers is Mr. Chan ,
a 25-year-old American citizen who says he left a job at JP Morgan in New York last year to invest and manage Lazer Trade .
Some 200 people have applied for jobs there in the last two months alone , Mr . Chan said .
Turnover is high , with workers typically moving on after four or five months .
Very few stay for more than a year .
At a Beijing affiliate of Title Trading , the manager  who asked not to be named because he worries about the chances of finding another job if his operation fails 
said he moved here from Canada because of the advantages of operating a trading desk with Chinese who are willing to start trading for little or no salary .
" Before , when a trader could earn $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 a month , Canadians wanted to do it " , he said .
" But if it's $ 1,000 they won't .
So it 's like anything else :
outsource to China " .
College graduates typically earn $ 300 to $ 400 a month in China ,
but labor experts here say that as the job market for white-collar workers has weakened , more of them have been willing to take their chances in jobs with no guaranteed pay but with opportunities to share in profits .
If the traders make a profit , they get to keep from 10 to 50 percent , with the rest split between the trading firm and the investor .
John C . Coffee Jr , . a securities law expert at Columbia University in New York , says the arrangement amounts to a huge and odd brokerage fee .
" It 's extraordinarily high compensation " , he said by telephone .
" If this were happening in the U.S. , the fees would be excessive " .
Mr . Coffee added that even if the traders could outperform the overall market ,
" the transaction fees would eat up some of the gains " .
For their part , the trading firms say they have unique trading strategies that give them an advantage .
Some say they use sophisticated risk-management software that can , for example , interrupt trades after a series of losses , to prevent large losses in a single day .
But they concede that losses can mushroom .
Still , the growth of trading here suggests that someone is making money  and many trading houses say they are generating huge trading volume .
Mr . Chan at Lazer Trade , for instance , says his branch office with about 20 employees trades up to five million shares a day .
Some of the trading firms have run into trouble with American and Canadian regulators over their business practices .
In 2002 , the National Association of Securities Dealers  now known as the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  reached a settlement with a firm affiliated with Swift Trade and its president , Mr . Beck , for engaging in a deceptive trading scheme involving fictitious trades .
And in 2009 , Mr . Beck and another affiliate of Swift Trade settled for $ 20,000 in costs with the Ontario Securities Commission after the regulator accused the firm of making misrepresentations about a client .
That client turned out to be partly controlled by relatives of Mr . Beck and tied to about 1,100 international traders in 50 international offices and 30 Canadian offices .
Swift Trade executives insist that they comply with the law .
Today , the firm does not operate in the United States but buys and sells stocks through a trading affiliate that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Regardless , many Chinese day traders see this as an opportunity to quickly gain new riches  by buying and selling stocks more than 100 times a day ,
usually after holding a stock for less than five minutes , and hoping for even the tiniest uptick in prices .
Although many traders say they earn less than $ 200 a month ,
some boast of earning $ 10,000 a month and say they prepared for the business by playing online games .
" Day trading is like a battlefield " , says Qu Zheng , 24 , who has been trading for more than two years and typically trades a million shares a day at Lazer Trade 's office in Beijing .
" It's very challenging because you can feel the pulse of the market " .
So , why bother developing your employees ?
One key reason is that your employees will learn a variety of new skills that will make them better and more effective in their jobs .
Not only will they do a better job for their organizations , they will do a better job for their customers  earning their long-term business and loyalty in the process .
Another key reason for developing your employees is that they will transfer the skills they learn to other employees in your organizationmultiplying the impact of your development efforts many times over .
Finally , when you spend time developing your employees , you are sending a message loud and clear :
Your employees are important to you and worth your time and attention .
And employees who feel that you think they are important are employees who will become important , bringing with them a high level of loyalty and commitment .
But , before we get into the details of what employee training and development is all about ,
let 's first establish exactly what it is that we 're talking about .
Training usually refers to teaching workers the short-term skills that they need to know right now to do their jobs .
Development usually refers to teaching employees the kinds of long-term skills that they 'll need as they progress in their careers .
In many organizations , employee development is instead known as career development .
We 'll ask the question again :
Why bother developing your employees ?
As it turns out , there are plenty of good reasons ,
You may be taking your employees ' knowledge for granted .
Just because your employees aren't having obvious problems doing their jobs ,
that doesn't necessarily mean that they are doing their best jobs ,
or that there isn't room for improvement .
You may have looked at hundreds of resumes to fill a particular position ,
and interviewed a boatload of people before you found the right person for the job .
And while you might assume that this individual knows everything there is to know about the job to be done ,
there's a good chance that he doesn't .
Every organization has its own unique approach to doing business ,
and even the most knowledgeable employee can learn something new .
That 's where employee development comes in .
Employees who work smarter are better employees .
Wouldn't it be great if all of your employees worked at 100 percent of their potential , at least most of the time ?
While no employee can possibly be 100-percent effective every moment of every working day ( even robots need the occasional maintenance break , )
employees who are better trained and more knowledgeable about their jobs have the potential to do a much better job than employees who aren't .
Employees who have achieved their development goals simply work smarter .
Not only will your organization reap the benefits in greater employee efficiency and effectiveness ( well worth the price of admission , )
but also you 'll sleep better at night  something any manager in any business can appreciate .
Someone has to be prepared to step into your shoes .
Although it may be hard to imagine right now , someday you may decide to retire , or you may be promoted and moved up the career ladder .
Who is going to take your place when you 're gone ?
Developing employees is all about providing them with the skills they need to be able to step into your shoes in your absence .
And , while you might not be retiring or getting promoted anytime soon ,
you might like to take a week or two off .
Have you ever envied fellow managers who don't have to call their offices when they are on vacation ?
You can , too . 
Your employee wins , and so does your organization .
Your employees win when you provide them with higher-level skills and new ways of viewing the world .
And , at the same time , your organization wins because employees become more motivated and their work skills improve .
The impact of every dollar spent on employee development is therefore magnified while employees are prepared to fill the roles in which your organization will need them to move in the future . 
Your employees are worth your time and money .
It costs a lot of money to recruit and hire new employees , and it costs a lot to train them .
Employees are one of any organization 's greatest investments , and it 's in your interest as a manager to ensure that these investments are protected and allowed to flourish .
By backing up with action your words of support for employees ,
you show them that you really mean what you say  leading to employees who are more engaged in their jobs and who will better serve your customers .
Scotswomen and independence
Just say yes
A campaign to get women to vote for an independent
MEL GIBSON recently boasted that " Braveheart , " his breastplate-beating film about a Scottish rebellion against English rule , got the ball rolling among those seeking a Scotland independent from Britain .
Unfortunately , such macho calls for freedom are not polling well among women .
A Panelbase opinion survey in July found that 51% of males believe Scotland should be independent but only 38% of women do ( some put the figures for overall support lower . )
With a referendum on the matter only two years away , pro-independence politicians are eager to woo the ladies to their side .
Women for Independence is a new all-female cross-party group that aims to persuade women that voting " yes " will improve their lives .
Instead of polarising arguments about what it means to be a Scot , their arsenal features pink literature and a grass-roots " listening " effort rather like an online Tupperware party .
" Women don't see their views getting the same level of attention " as men's , says Natalie McGarry , a founding member ( though the group is non-hierarchical , she quickly notes . )
By learning what is holding other women back ,
these pro-independence women hope to assuage their fears .
Perhaps this feminine touch will help , as women appear to be put off by the muscular language in which male politicians clothe their arguments for independence .
Female voters have never been too keen anyway on Alex Salmond , the brusque if charismatic leader of the ruling Scottish Nationalist Party ( SNP ) and first minister of the Scottish government .
But they are not alone in being squeamish about much of the pro-independence rhetoric .
Scottish voters tend to dislike terms that emphasise a fundamental split from Britain , preferring upbeat mentions of " exciting opportunities . "
Nationalists have duly toned down their language , yet even their fuzzier " Yes Scotland "
campaign has disproportionately failed to win women .
This despite the fact that more women than men agree with one of the campaign 's main policies : a nuclear-free state .
The problem , says John Curtice , of Strathclyde University , is that the consequences of a yes vote remain uncertain , which irks women more than men .
Polling data show that women feel " less confident and more worried " about the prospect of independence  which , he adds , " fits the stereotype that women are more risk-averse than men . "
That may be just another way of saying that women voters are often more pragmatic , says Margaret Curran , Labour MP for Glasgow East and shadow secretary of state for Scotland .
A unionist , she thinks the referendum deadline is forcing nationalists to make the case that an independent Scotland is not only a nice idea but one that will benefit Scots concretely .
But they have yet to deliver on the details , she argues .
Awkwardly , the issues that usually matter most to women  such as health care , child care and education  have already been devolved to the Scottish government .
Though women have been especially reluctant to vote for independence ,
polls show that most Scots need some convincing that a yes vote would lead to a secure future .
They want to know what currency they would use and what taxes they would pay .
Stirring films are one thing , the pound in the pocket another .
Hey , guess what ?
An experimental diet drug can actually get a thumbs up for approval from a panel of experts whose job is to give advice to the Food and Drug Administration .
Lately these panel meetings have been about as much fun as watching a hanging judge go about his business .
But Orexigen 's drug Contrave beat the rap laid down on two other diet pills  Arena 's lorcaserin and Vivus ' Qnexa .
Previously , the same panel had voted down those two medicines .
In a 13-7 vote , the group of experts recommended that the FDA approve Contrave ,
a combination of two already approved medicines  antidepressant buproprion and naltrexone ,
typically used to fight alcoholism and drug dependence .
Probably just as important as the overall nod in favor of the drug was a separate 11-8 vote by the committee recommending that a study of the heart risks posed by the drug be done after FDA approval  not beforehand .
The FDA usually follows the advice of these panels , but not always .
The agency has a January deadline to make a decision , though it 's entirely possible the regulators will say they need a little more time , as they did recently for the evaluation of an experimental lupus drug called Benlysta .
Now a dose of reality .
Cardiologist Sanjay Kaul , an influential voice on this panel and others , voted against Contrave .
" The 13-7 vote is going to create a buzz in the press reports and not accurately reflect the tepid enthusiasm for this drug " , Kaul said , according to the blog CardioBrief .
What 's the problem ?
Well , the weight loss found in studies of the drug is pretty modest  around 5 percent after about a year .
That 's the minimum FDA considers to be successful .
On another count , Contrave comes up short .
It didn't beat the weight-loss people taking a placebo achieved by more than 5 percentage point .
And there are some real risks :
higher blood pressure and a quickening of heartbeats .
Kaul unfavorably compared the drug 's combination of puny weight loss and heightened cardiovascular risks to the profile for Meridia , recently taken off the market .
" There is an opportunity for us to learn from history , or else we are likely to repeat it " ,
Kaul said in a follow-up note to CardioBrief .
If Google ( GOOG ) ran a car company , what would it look like ?
What lessons of Google 's singular success in the Internet age might apply to remaking this , among other failing industries ?
Would the Google mobile be the product of stealth and secrecy or openness and collaboration ?
Could Detroit release cars in beta ?
Could cars be ad-supported and free ?
Is there any hope for an industry that traffics in atoms instead of digits ?
Would a Google car company even make cars ?
A few years ago , it might have been absurd to look to Google for ideas about the auto industry .
But not now . American automakers are in crisis .
General Motors ( GM ) and Chrysler needed a $ 13 billion bailout from the federal government in December to keep them out of bankruptcy ,
and , with a new Administration in Washington , the Big Three are likely to head back to the well for billions more .
They 're suffering from more than the economic crisis .
The huge declines in sales reflect a fundamental disconnect between drivers and Detroit .
It 's time for a radical rethinking of the way U.S. automakers do business .
I sat in Detroit some time ago and suggested heresy :
I urged the car people to open up their design process and make it both transparent and collaborative .
Car companies have no good way to listen to customers ' ideas .
If they had opened up , years before , I would have been among the legions who 'd have gladly told them to invest 39 cents for a plug-in car radio so we could connect our iPods .
Every time I try to listen to my music or podcasts in the car via various kludgesFM transmitters that can't transmit to a radio an inch away and cassette-tape gizmosI curse car companies and their suppliers .
At least let us help design the radios you install , I urged .
THE BIG THREE DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT
My suggestion was sacrilegious because automakers have long been secretive about design .
Design and surprise , they think , are their special sauce .
That 's why they cloak new models like classified weapons ,
setting off games of cat-and-car with photographers who try to scoop the secrets .
Apart from the most fanatical car fan , do the rest of us still care ?
The excitement I remember about a new year 's cars  like a new season 's TV shows  is gone .
Cars have lost their season . They rarely engender excitement or passion .
An Oldsmobile is no Apple ( AAPL ) iPhone , after all .
How could a car company again win our affection for its products and brands ?
By opening up , by making the process of producing cars transparent so it could involve customers , by turning out cars customers want because they had a chance to say what they want .
Google listens to us and trusts us when it releases unfinished products as " betas " so we can tell them what to do next .
That 's the approach behind Google News , Gmail , and the new Chrome browser .
And Google pays attention to us by using our clicks and links to determine rank in search results .
The more people who connect to a blog post on the best recipe for lamb tagine , the more prominent Google will make that Web site when people hunt for dinner ideas .
Google wants us involved in the creative process ; Detroit doesn't .
On Peter Day 's BBC program In Business , Richard Florida , author of Who 's Your City ? ,
said Detroit 's car companies were " destroyed " by " a management mind set that said , ' We know it all , we don't need anyone other 's ideas , and we can do anything we want with our companies .
and we can do anything we want with our companies .
Car companies have let customers make emblems for cars and create their own ads for certain models , as General Motors did with the Chevy Tahoe in 2006 . GM Vice-Chairman Bob Lutz has blogged .
I recently read a reliable report on the attitude of the American workforce .
To my surprise I learned more than half of all employees are not engaged at work .
In other words , most workers are not happy , not satisfied , not productive , not loyal , not inspired and will jump ship if another opportunity arises .
In fact , most are looking to leave now and have polished their resumes .
If this is the case , I would also assume that the managers who supervise these disillusioned employees are probably jerks ,
or are carrying out the mandates of thoughtless upper management .
If you 're a company leader who doesn't focus on keeping employees engaged , make note ;
your days are numbered .
I suggest you change now , with sincere intent to take care of your people ,
or suffer the disastrous consequences of your own unemployment .
I have more to say on this topic to company management .
Who do you think does all the work in your business ?
Who do you think makes your products , sells them , provides support , collects receipts and pays workers ?
It 's not you , my friend .
Have you forgotten that you hired these people as a resource to help you build a highly profitable business ?
Have you forgotten they are a precious asset to be valued and protected ?
How long do you think you can mistreat quality workers until they bolt ?
In a word , it's not very long .
Do you get the picture ?
Am I making sense ?
In sum , your financial success , your promotions , your glory , all depend on how well you treat those subordinates who have placed their trust and confidence in you .
Now a word to Les Miserables .
If you are going to quit , for heaven 's sake , don't go to work for another pathetic firm .
Do something wild :
Kiss your boss goodbye and launch your own business .
If you have had enough , become your own king .
The money you have made for others now shifts to yourself .
Take that idea that 's been in your mind for months and turn it into a profitable company .
If you are an engineer , a programmer , a salesman , a teacher , an accountant , a whatever ,
start today planning your escape from corporate prison .
I am sure you are similar to the entrepreneurs I spend time with everyday .
As a principal investor , I put money into emerging companies that have all been founded by someone who ,
for the most part , previously worked for a clueless company .
They left seeking their own destiny and fulfillment ,
hoping life would be much better on their own .
I know their employment history , their state of mind and the decision process they followed as they took a leap of faith to follow their dreams .
Over the last few months , I have spent several evenings giving advice to a gentleman who is a full time employee of a large company .
He possesses a great business idea .
He is anxious to understand the steps he needs to follow to properly organize his own company .
Today , I am pleased to share with you the same information he is learning .
So , if you are ready to soar , please make note of the following initial guidelines :
Keep your day job until the time is right to leave .
Keep in mind ;
you really have two options to consider :
A ) You can leave tomorrow if you have the resources in hand to sustain your efforts long enough to reach profitability .
Give yourself at least one year to succeed .
If you can't reach your goal in that time frame , look for other ways to survive and prosper ,
B ) You can ponder , prepare , organize , and execute plan overtime , at night and on weekends until everything is ready to go .
2 . If you have signed a non-compete with your current employer , honor it .
Wait until you can legally pursue your opportunity .
Find some form of income to sustain your personal life in the interim .
3 . Determine your purpose , your vision , your strategy .
Why are you in business ?
What do you hope to accomplish ?
What must you do to be successful ?
Are your answers sound and realistic ?
4 . Test your assumptions .
Determine who your perfect customers are .
Know everything about them .
Talk to them , listen and respond accordingly .
Know how many total potential customers there are .
Learn if potential customers will want to buy your product or service .
Learn about their needs , pain and current solutions .
Determine the right price and where buyers expect to make a purchase .
Understand what they watch , hear and read .
Know how to promote your offering .
Understand the competition .
Know their value proposition and why people buy their products .
5 . Evaluate a product 's viability .
Consider the design , development and manufacturing of the perfect solution at the best possible cost .
Understand why your solution will be chosen by customers .
6 . Evaluate and test a plan to sell your product and collect revenues .
Will you sell directly to customers using the internet , your own sales team or independent reps ;
will you sell your products to distributors ;
will you sell to retailers or resellers ;
will you sell to the government ?
Determine if you can make a profit .
Know your costs , expenses , revenues , and margins .
Know how much working capital you will need to sustain the business and grow it .
Know where you can find money beyond your own resources .
Determine if financial resources will be available and committed .
Establish a financial system to provide accurate and timely reports to manage the operation .
With positive answers to these initial points , I suggest the following next steps .
Determine your business location ;
street , city , and state .
Name your company .
Decide what your firm will be called by clients , vendors , employees and all other entities .
Reserve this name for your legal documents and for your internet website .
You do this by contacting the Secretary of State , Business Division , to learn if your chosen name is available .
At the same time , search the internet domain names to learn if the name is also available for your use .
If available , proceed to register and pay the related fees to secure your ownership of your company name .
Secure a business license and any necessary permits from your local city business office .
Obtain a Federal tax ID number , form SS4 , from the IRS .
With this information , you will be able to establish an account with a local bank for checking , savings , merchant account and other services .
Meet with an attorney to establish a legal entity .
Meet with an accountant . He or she will help you understand what responsibilities you will have with the IRS ;
namely , taxes related to the company , yourself , and employees .
Now that you are ready , meaning you have legions of customers who will buy your superior product for the right price yielding good profits , it 's time to act .
Yes , act , moving fast , with faith and a determination to overcome every obstacle on your way to greatness .
Don't look back .
Keep your eyes on the bright horizon .
It 's your time to shine .
It's your future to enjoy .
You 're now the boss .
Be a great one !
Good luck .
http // :
www.forbes.com/sites/alanhall/2012/07/15/kiss-your-boss-goodbye-its-time-to-be-an-entrepreneur/2 /
are Silicon Alley entrepreneurs ( from left ) Charles Hope and Justin Day of Blip.tv ;
In front of the Flatiron , the sort of thin-looking ( it's triangular ) building slightly to the left of center that is new-media ground zero ,
We got them together briefly for a photo , so long as they could keep working .
By Doug Tsuruoka , Investor 's Business Daily Posted 11/19/2010 06 :
Silicon Alley Again Boulevard Of Dreams
Caroline Lau and Louise Hohorst of Art.sy ;
Mike Hudack , Jared Klett and Dina Kaplan of Blip.tv ;
Marissa Evans of GoTryItOn.com ;
and Carter Cleveland of Art.sy .
AP Life stirs anew in Silicon Alley , the name bestowed on a swath of New York City that floundered in the dot-com crash
but is rebuilding as a hub for cheeky young entrepreneurs creating new-media companies .
" What you 're seeing in the Alley is second - and third-generation entrepreneurs .
You have a passel of more experienced investors .
And you have a growing talent pool " , said David Silverman , a partner at Price water house Coopers in New York .
He says the scene resembles California 's Silicon Valley 15 years ago ,
when the first wave of entrepreneurs paved the way for the new wave of dot-com era entrepreneurs .
There 's more culture , more art , more diverse people with diverse ideas " .
" New York has more smart people , who have strong degrees from good schools and venture capital money to invest .
an online service that matches art galleries with collectors .
said Carter Cleveland , 23 , a recent Princeton University grad who helped found Art.sy ,
" The ease with which you can start a company is approaching zero , and the costs are already zero " ,
A decade ago , Silicon Alley was the cradle of thousands of startups that crafted the first online ads and interactive effects .
It was an offbeat city within a city centered in Lower Manhattan that helped power the dot-com boom of the 1990s .
In the past 10 years , the Alley has endured the triple asteroid strikes of an exploding Internet Bubble ,
the 911 terror attacks and the financial crisis .
Thousands of firms went belly-up .
But like a phoenix , the Alley has risen again ,
humming with startups focused on social networking , smart phones and mobile apps .
Silverman says Twitter and YouTube have acted as catalysts for new Alley firms focusing on online ads , mobile tech and more .
a local venture firm that funds Alley startups . Investment is up .
Former AOL exec Bob Pittman runs Pilot Group ,
They include Barry Diller 's IAC and Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp .
Also , some larger and more established media companies in New York help energize the new Alley with their presence , backing and ideas .
Venture cash is flowing into the Alley as Wall Street and the U.S. economy rebound .
High-growth company tracker CB Insights says the number of venture capital deals surged to 44 in the third quarter ,
up 19% from the year-earlier quarter .
Total funding rose 5.8% to $ 218 million .
Silicon Valley Vs .
Alley A " valley vs . alley war " is brewing as California venture firms compete with those in New York to back Silicon Alley startups ,
says a recent report by the New York Observer .
It reported that venture firm Y Combinator , in Silicon Valley 's Mountain View , Calif , . is vying with New York VCs like Union Square Venture to back N.Y. tech firms .
In some cases , the California venture firms want the startups to leave New York for Silicon Valley .
But Alley firms praise New York 's creativity and resources as the nation 's media and advertising capital .
Most have no intention of moving .
Dina Kaplan , a founder of Web TV show distributor Blip.tv , is one of them .
" It 's been incredibly advantageous for Blip.tv to be based out of New York when we 're doing partnerships with television networks or other media companies " , Kaplan said .
Silicon Alley 's young entrepreneurs differ a bit from their predecessors of the ' 90s .
The focus has shifted from Internet effects and ads to social networking and mobile software .
There seems to be less interest in under-the-hood technology such as chips and hardware .
Alley startups include Tumblr , a blogging platform that lets users post text , images , videos and other content in a short-form blog , and Yipit , a daily deal Web site .
The new generation in Silicon Alley tweets and blogs like crazy .
They consider original Alley leaders like Internet ad firm DoubleClick , now a unit of Google , old media .
" Silicon Alley 's still driven by creative young people creating really compelling services around editorial , advertising , commerce and community " , said Jason Calacanis ,
an Internet pioneer who founded the Silicon Alley Reporter , a now-defunct magazine that covered New York 's tech scene in 1996 through 2001 .
" Older names like iVillage and Pseudo have given way to Tumblr , Meetup and Howcast , but it 's still the same themes . "
What has changed is that the Internet now has over a billion users , advertisers are spending tens of billions of dollars online , and software , bandwidth and hosting are essentially free .
Today it 's easier to start , monetize and staff a startup in New York City .
Silicon Alley is still rocking it .
" Silicon Alley 's rebirth might actually have been aided by the financial crisis .
Until the 2008 meltdown on Wall Street , many bright students went straight from top universities to Wall Street .
Now , this mostly 20 - and 30-something crowd is attending the scores of meetups that take place in the city each month .
They 're informal get-togethers where folks in the city 's tech startup scene can swap ideas and contacts .
Spotted Pig , Tom &amp; Jerry's A decade-plus ago , wannabe Net entrepreneurs hung out at trendy , potted-palm cafes in Soho and other parts of Lower Manhattan , waiting for their venture boats to tie up .
And they do the same today  only the names of the hangouts have changed .
One hot spot is the Spotted Pig in Greenwich Village , where startup types congregate .
Then there's DBGB , a cafe in the Bowery that draws crowds of techies with its free wireless service .
Software engineers like Tom &amp; Jerry 's , a geeky bar in Manhattan 's Chinatown .
Most of the new spots are located below 23rd Street in Manhattan , the Alley 's longtime center .
Not Just Manhattan But while some key startups are still based in Lower Manhattan , others are scattered around the city .
Some are in Brooklyn neighborhoods like Red Hook and Williamsburg  where commercial rents are cheaper and many young creative/techie types live .
No one can say whether the Alley is on a more solid base this time around , but the new crowd is upbeat . "
The next five years will be about what kind of content you 're creating , what you do with it and what you use it for " , said Marissa Evans ,
a recent Harvard Business School grad who founded Go Try It On ,
a Web site that provides users with real-time fashion advice and lets them upload photos .
Said Price water house Cooper 's Silverman , " There will be boom and bust again , I 'm sure .
But I don't see what happened in the first go-around repeating itself .
" There 's not that unbridled enthusiasm .
What we have here now is a very healthy venture base with a lot of good , young companies " .
Gravity shows its helpful side
Theoretical study shows that the force can ease quantum calculations .
Gravity is unruly .
It can throw theorists ' equations into chaos ,
and has proved a stumbling block to the creation of a single ' theory of everything . '
But an analysis now shows that gravity may at least make some fundamental calculations more manageable .
David Toms , a theoretical physicist at Newcastle University , UK , has found that gravity seems to calm the electromagnetic force at high energies .
The finding could make some calculations easier ,
and is a rare case in which gravity seems to work in harmony with quantum mechanics , the theory of small particles .
His paper is published today in Nature .
But don't get too excited :
that elusive theory of everything is not just around the corner .
Not everyone thinks that the calculations will stand up to scrutiny .
Given physicists ' " dicey " understanding of the relationship between gravity and other forces , it is too early to draw any deep conclusions ,
says Stanley Deser , a theoretical physicist at Brandeis University in Waltham , Massachusetts .
Follow-up studies are needed to put Toms's calculations on solid ground .
Fundamental confusion For decades , theoretical physicists have been able to explain the Universe in terms of four fundamental forces :
the electromagnetic force , which causes electricity and magnetism ;
the weak nuclear force , which moderates some nuclear decays ;
the strong nuclear force , which binds quarks together inside atomic nuclei ;
and gravity .
All except gravity have been incorporated into a ' standard model ' of particle physics .
There are signs that an even more fundamental theory may be out there .
At high energies , electromagnetism and the weak force merge into a single ' electroweak ' force ;
and , at even higher energies , some as yet untested theories known as supersymmetry combine the electroweak and strong nuclear force .
Theorists hope that the world's most powerful particle accelerator , the Large Hadron Collider near Geneva , Switzerland , will provide evidence for this combined strong and electroweak force .
But gravity remains a stubborn holdout against efforts to create a theory of everything .
The force is too weak at low energies to fit with the others ,
and it becomes too strong at high energies to be included in a single theory .
Moreover , theories which attempt to describe gravity in quantum mechanical terms lead to nonsensical infinities in the equations .
" That is a very serious problem " ,
says Toms .
But Toms's equations have now shown that gravity can sometimes help , rather than hinder .
He included a quantum formulation of gravity in a calculation of quantum electrodynamics ( QED , )
a theory that describes how electrons interact with light particles , known as photons .
The theory normally breaks down at high energies , because these interactions seem to grow far too strong to be calculated using conventional methods .
In Toms's work , gravity soothes the interaction , making the force between the electron and photon nearly zero at high energies ( 10151019 GeV . )
This weakening of the force means that theorists can calculate the behaviour of high-energy electrons and photons after all .
" What gravity seems to do is make things better for you " ,
says Toms .
The future of the theory There is still a lot of work to do , Toms warns .
His calculations provide no basic insights into why gravity would weaken other forces .
What's more , gravity itself is still likely to become uncontrollably strong at very high energies .
And many theorists are sceptical about whether Toms's calculations will bear close examination .
" His mathematics could well be right , but I don't think his interpretation is " ,
says John Donoghue , a theoretical physicist at the University of Massachusetts Amherst .
Donoghue is concerned that when the method is applied to other interactions , involving different particles , it might yield a different answer .
" The effects are not universal " ,
he says .
That would be a big problem for theorists ,
who want their methods to apply to everything equally .
Toms concedes that he " can't say for certain " whether his method will be universal .
He now plans to take a second look at what happens to the strength of gravity at high energies , using the new approach .
If gravity weakens like the other forces , theorists really might be closer to a theory of everything .
Toms says that the calculations will be harder to do .
But , he adds , " I think I know how to do it . "
Alcohol the Most Dangerous Drug ?
Researchers using their own classification and rating system in order to try and assess a drug's overall harmful effects  not to oneself , but to society as a whole too  recently published their findings .
Probably Not
Here's what they found , according to various news outlets :
The Most Dangerous Drugs ?
Alcohol is more harmful than heroin or crack :
Alcohol , Heroin and Crack in That Order TIME  Catherine Mayer
study New York Daily News Study :
Alcohol ' most harmful drug ' , followed by crack and heroin CNN International Experts :
Alcohol More Harmful Than Crack or Heroin WebMD  Tim Locke If you just read the headlines , you'd think the study showed that the most dangerous drug available today is alcohol , based upon clinical or government data .
It's easy to say that , too , because that's what the authors also said in their study ( published in The Lancet medical journal ):
[ H]eroin , crack cocaine , and metamfetamine were the most harmful drugs to individuals , whereas alcohol , heroin , and crack cocaine were the most harmful to others .
Overall , alcohol was the most harmful drug ( overall harm score 72 , ) with heroin ( 55 ) and crack cocaine ( 54 ) in second and third places .
Ah yes , that little thing we like to call complexity rears its ugly head .
And oops , did we mention there's no actual research data in the study ?
In terms of your personal health , alcohol takes a back seat to heroin , crack cocaine , and metamfetamine ( known more commonly here in the U.S. as crystal meth )  all of which cause twice the amount of damage to you than alcohol ( according to the researchers . )
Where alcohol gets its crowning title is because of its effects on those around you and in society in general .
This chart breaks it down into colorful categories for you to examine :
Alcohol is indeed the drug that does society the most harm , according to the researchers , but this may be a factor related to its wide distribution and popularity .
And the fact that it is one of the few legal drugs most citizens can enjoy .
What isn't emphasized in the reporting of this study is that the study is not based upon empirical , scientific data .
It's basically the findings of survey research .
The data are based solely upon a group of experts who met , agreed upon some criteria , and then gave their subjective ratings of each of the drugs on each criteria .
Was it at least a large group of experts ,
you know , like 100 or something , from every part of the world ?
Nope , it's the pooled opinions of 15 folks from the UK .
Including a journalist , two lecturers , a " drug education expert " , and a GP , amongst its other members .
That's certainly one way of measuring harm .
Getting together a panel of " experts " , setting up some criteria , and then rating each drug .
But there's another way too .
Using actual government data about treatment rates , crime rates , divorce rates , etc .
to put together a comprehensive , data-driven analysis of each drug .
This was not done in the current study .
What we have in the current study is simply a group of 15 professional opinions on the matter .
An interesting story , but not really one based in hard data , the kind you can point to and say , " Well , here's the actual evidence for the impact of this drug in this community " .
Last , I have to point out the study is actually entitled , " Drug harms in the UK " .
While the opinions of these 15 experts may have some validity in other countries , it's also quite likely that the cultural impact of different drugs in different countries is , well , different .
Again , I couldn't find much mention of this cultural difference in the mainstream reports on this study .
These are photos of Leningrad taken from photo albums of foreign tourists who visited the city from the late 70s up to 1991 .
Some of them you might see on our website , here they are randomly collected in one post .
Rush hour in Leningrad .
Taking a break from work .
Is this Strategy-31 ?
( A series of civic protests in support of the right to peaceful assembly in Russia ) .
1987 .
' Photography ' photo shop on Vladimirsky Avenue .
Nevsky Avenue and the Admiralty building .
1991 .
1983 .
The Triumphal Arch on Moskovsky Avenue .
1985 .
1988 .
Sadovaya Street , 1988 .
A tram , 1985 .
A fire department .
1985 .
A bus , 1988 .
1977 .
The 25th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union . 1991 .
It was very interesting for tourists to study everyday life of citizens of Leningrad .
People at that time were kind-hearted and sort of naive .
' The Most Charming ' in Molodezhny Movie Theater .
Nevsky Avenue .
Foreigners like taking pictures of lines .
A line to a liquor store .
In 1991 , shelves were empty even in Leningrad .
A farmer's market .
People are still happy .
It was some kind of an attraction to weigh oneself on the street .
Russians drink a lot .
This may be vodka . '
Soft drinks . ' '
Sparkling water . ' '
Books . '
It was a country which citizens read a lot too .
Shooting a gun . '
Fair . ' 1989 .
Nekrasov Street . '
Wine . ' '
Souvenirs . ' '
Apartment Reconstruction . '
In 1937 , the USSR astonished the world with its jewelry .
At the International Exposition of Art and Techniques in Paris , they presented a map of the Soviet Union , made of rubies , diamonds , amethysts and other gems .
This is an article , printed in a Soviet newspaper , which tells about the effect the Soviet pavillion has produced on the visitors of the fair .
' The pavillion the USSR was a symbol of its progress
It reflected researches they conducted , and social programms they carried out 
The map was undoubtedly the best exhibit of the fair . '
The map was made in the style of the Florentine mosaic and it was beautiful .
It had a weight of 3.5 tons and contained over 4.5 thousand precious and semiprecious stones .
It took 667 workers just 11 months to create it , which shows how much they all worked .
Apart from the map , they made precious national emblems of all the republics of the USSR , except Moldavia and Baltic republics .
Large cities were marked with precious stones framed in gold .
Leningrad was marked with an alexandrite ;
the North Pole was marked with a diamond .
Moscow was marked with a ruby star with a hammer and sickle , made of 17 diamonds .
In the picture :
the Lena River .
Names of the 16 capitals of the USSR were made of emeralds ( 1095 stones . )
The map had been exposed at the Hermitage Museum up to 1988 ( it was also shown in NY and Paris . )
They say that during WWII , Stalin prohibited selling the exhibits of the museum in order to purchase weapons categoracally , even though a lot of people suggested him to do that .
Now the map is being restored , and soon you'll be able to see it in Russian Research Geological Institute .
Sins of the Grandfathers What happens in Vegas could affect your offspring .
How early-life experiences could cause permanent changes in sperm and eggs .
Michael Skinner has just uttered an astounding sentence , Which was this :
" We just published a paper last month confirming epigenetic changes in sperm which are carried forward transgenerationally .
This confirms that these changes can become permanently programmed " .
OK , so it's not bumper-sticker-ready .
But if Skinner , a molecular biologist at Washington State University , were as proficient with soundbites as he is with mass spectrometry , he might have explained it this way :
the life experiences of grandparents and even great-grandparents alter their eggs and sperm so indelibly that the change is passed on to their children , grandchildren , and beyond .
It 's called transgenerational epigenetic inheritance :
the phenomenon in which something in the environment alters the health not only of the individual exposed to it , but also of that individual's descendants .
The astounding part of Skinner 's statement is that this altered inheritance does not occur the way generations of biologists have been taught .
Instead of changing the DNA sequences that make up the genes that ancestors pass down to descendantsthe A's , T's , C's , and G's that spell out the genetic codesomething more subtle occurs in epigenetic inheritance .
Biologists have long known about the switches , which are clusters of atoms called methyl groups .
in Skinner 's study , exposing rats to a fungicide called vinclozolin  alters the on-off switches that control DNA in sperm or eggs .
A life experience
The cluster can silence a gene it attaches to ;
when the cluster is removed , the gene is active again .
( This silencing is why the DNA for , say , insulin is turned off in brain cells but active in pancreas cells ) .
But biologists believed that when sperm and eggs grew up , as it were , and created an embryo , the tags were reset , nature's way of scrubbing the sins of the fathers and mothers before they could afflict the next generation .
Skinner's discovery that not all those marks are erased , but are instead permanently modified ( at least as far out as he bred his rats : four generations , ) has challenged a decades-old tenet of reproductive biology  which ,
when it's brought to his attention , he acknowledges with an
Oh , right :
" I guess it's why we got such pushback from the medical community " .
" The ' permanently ' does astonish me " , he concedes .
Skinner's findings are far from anomalous .
For one thing , they're not confined to rats or to the fungicide he fed them .
Other labs , too , are finding that experienceseverything from a lab animal being exposed to a toxic chemical to a person smoking , being malnourished in childhood , or overeatingleaves an imprint on eggs or sperm , an imprint so tenacious that it affects not only those individuals ' children but their grandchildren as well .
Skinner and his team have gone the furthest in showing how this works .
turned on when the normal position was off , or off when the normal position was on .
By analyzing the on-off settings of switches on every bit of sperm DNA , they found that 16 had been altered ,
Those alterations appeared in the sons of mothers exposed to the fungicide when they were pregnant , in the sons of the sons , and in the sons of the sons ' sons .
The tags on the sperm DNA did not vanish , as textbooks say .
As a result , because some genes that were supposed to be dormant were instead active , and some genes that were supposed to be active were squelched , the sons and grandsons developed abnormalities in their testes , prostates , and kidneys .
The point is not that this fungicide causes these problems in people  humans are exposed to much lower doses  but a proof of principle :
by altering sperm in an enduring way , an environmental exposure can leave its mark on at least four subsequent generations .
The environmental exposure doesn't have to be as extreme as chowing down on a fungicide .
Scientists at Australia's University of New South Wales fed healthy , svelte , male rats
the scientists reported last month in Nature .
a high-fat diet ( 43 percent of calories from fata typical American diet . )
Not surprisingly , the rats put on weight and fat , and developed insulin resistance and glucose intolerancebasically , type 2 diabetes ,
None of that was surprising .
What made the scientists take notice was the daughters these rats sired :
although their mothers were of normal weight and ate a healthy diet while pregnant , daughters of the high-fat-diet dads developed insulin resistance and glucose resistance as adultseven though they never ate a high-fat diet themselves .
Mothers ' diet while pregnant affects their children's health as adults because of how nutrients and toxic compounds pass through the placenta .
But fathers have no contact with their daughters except through the sperm that created them .
These rat fathers were not genetically diabetic .
The conclusion is therefore inescapable :
the fathers ' high-fat diet altered their sperm in a way that induced adult-onset disease in their daughters .
( The next step is to see whether grandchildren develop it , too ) .
Emma Whitelaw of Queensland Institute of Medical Research , who has found similar transgenerational effects , has called it " a molecular memory of the parent's experience in this case , diet " .
Reminiscent of Skinner's finding that sons and grandsons of his fungicide-exposed rats had abnormal on-off switches in their sperm DNA ,
the Australian team found that
642 genes in the pancreas ( which makes insulin ) of the daughters of the high-fat-diet fathers had on-off switches in the wrong position .
The result raises the intriguing possibility
that the childhood-obesity epidemic is at least in part due to alterations in sperm caused by fathers-to-be eating a high-fat diet .
After all , while it's fine to blame kids ' couch-potato ways and fattening diets , that does not explain why obesity in babies has risen 73 percent since 1980 .
Transgenerational effects do not have to be harmful .
When 15-day-old female mice frolicked for two weeks in an enriched environment , one filled with exercise wheels , novel objects , and lots of other mice for social stimulation , it strengthened the brain mechanism that underlies memory .
That much had been shown many times before :
animals raised in an enriched environment remember mazes better .
But last year , scientists led by Larry Feig of Rush University Medical Center in Chicago reported in The Journal of Neuroscience that the neuronal effect shows up in the mice's offspring even when those offspring never lived in an enriched environment , and even though those offspring were not so much as a gleam in their mothers ' eyes when they lived in the enriched environment .
" The idea that qualities acquired from experience can be transmitted to future offspring has long been considered [ heresy " , ]
Feig's team wrote .
If something similar occurs in humans , how good your memory is during adolescence " can be influenced by environmental stimulation experienced by one's mother during her youth " .
One reason that is not so farfetched :
transgenerational effects are showing up not only in lab rats but also in people , as if the ghosts of our ancestors haunt our very genes .
In 2006 scientists announced the findings of a study in a town in Sweden called verkalix ( chosen because it keeps excellent birth and death records . )
If a father began smoking before the age of 11 , found Marcus Pembrey of the Institute of Child Health in London , his sons had a greater body-mass index , on average , than did sons of men who took up smoking as adults .
In this same population , if a man suffered food shortages as an 8 - to 12- year- old child , his sons ' sons were more likely to die young ;
if a woman suffered food shortages as a child , her son's daughters were .
Another study in verkalix found that
if a man overate in childhood , his sons ' children were four times more likely to develop diabetes and cardiovascular disease , found scientists at Sweden ' s Ume University .
At the time these studies were done , it cost about $ 10,000 per sample to scan DNA for changes in the on-off switches that show this sins-of-the-grandfathers effect .
But the cost is dropping fast , says Skinner , making it feasible to see whether life experiences leave indelible marks on the sperm or eggs that give rise to children and grandchildren .
Since the answer so far is yes , consider it a warning to hold off on your unhealthy behavior until after you have kids .
What if you made a major mistake 
and you didn't even notice ?
Even if it was right in front of your nose ?
Chances are , it happens on a regular basis .
That's what I took away from the recently concluded PopTech conference , whose theme this year was " Brilliant Accidents , Necessary Failures , and Improbable Breakthroughs . "
Kevin Dunbar , a professor of psychology at the University of Toronto , illustrated our reflexive reaction to being wrong with brain scans that should make any would-be innovator turn cold .
When the subject  in this case , a lab researcher  viewed an unexpected result , the scan showed a dime-sized area of activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex .
As this Wired profile of Dunbar explains , that's like the brain's " delete " key .
Now , as any editor can tell you , a delete key is a wonderful gift :
by cutting out the chaff ( of prose , of data , of life ) we can see the wheat that much more clearly .
The brain's process of filtering is what helps us pay attention .
But for a scientist  or anyone in the business of discovery  if you habitually mentally delete anomalous data , how can you learn from it ?
( Ladies , the news is slightly better for you :
Women were more likely than men to investigate unexpected findings , while men were more likely to assume they knew the reason for the unexpected result , and proceed without more analysis ) .
And that's just the cases where the brain noticed something off .
What if you didn't even see the anomaly in the first place  even if it was as glaring as a chest-thumping gorilla ?
On day three of the conference , we heard from Chris Chabris , one of the psychologists behind the now-famous " gorilla experiment . " ( If you'd like to try the experiment , stop reading now , and follow the link ) .
Subjects are told to watch a video of two teams  one wearing white shirts , the other black  passing basketballs , and to count the number of times the white team passes the ball .
Towards the end of the video , a person in a gorilla suit walks through the middle of the teams , turns to face the camera , thumps their chest , and then walks off .
In Chabris's experiments , about fifty percent of people don't see the gorilla at all .
As Chabris and co-author Daniel Simons explain in their fascinating new book , The Invisible Gorilla ,
people are not generally pleased to find themselves duped , and easily switch from surprise to denial .
" A man who was tested later by the producers of Dateline NBC for their report on this research said , ' I know that gorilla didn't come through there the first time .
' Other subjects accused us of switching the tape while they weren't looking " .
But before you judge them  especially if you saw the gorilla 
think back to the last time you were wrong .
How did being wrong feel ?
Was your reaction to deny it ?
Did you feel " idiotic and embarassed " , or did " your heart sink and your dander rise " as " wrongologist " Kathryn Schulz describes in the delightful Being Wrong ?
As Schulz pointed out in her PopTech talk , deflation and embarrassment are the emotions of realizing you are wrong .
Because in truth , being wrong feels exactly the same as being right .
This is how , while camping , I once had an impassioned argument with a friend over whose pillow was whose .
We were both utterly convinced , by the light of our Coleman lantern , that a certain pillow was ours .
Of course , in the clear light of day , only one of us was right .
But in the moment , even though it was completely trivial , we both thought the other person was insane .
And , Schulz points out , we 're terrible at admitting our own wrongness  even when it's something trivial .
Like the subjects of Dunbar's research and Chabris's experiments , we delete the information , deny it , pass the blame to someone else , justify ourselves , or get defensive .
And here 's the kicker :
though we think of being wrong as aberrant or unusual , in truth we're wrong astonishingly often .
To illustrate this , Schulz pointed to Ulric Neisser ' s work on flashbulb memories -
our memories of events like the Challenger disaster , the Kennedy assassination , D-Day , or 9/11 .
We tend to start our stories of these events with the words ,
" I remember exactly where I was when I heard " ..
But do we ?
The day after the Challenger explosion , Neisser asked a group of students to write down their memory of events .
Three years later , he asked them to do so again .
Fifty percent of these subsequent reports were more than two-thirds wrong .
Twenty-five percent of the reports were completely , 100 % wrong .
And only seven percent were completely accurate .
And , Schulz pointed out , while we'd all like to be in that seven percent , the odds are stacked heavily against us .
As a result of this influx of information , I've made two post-PopTech resolutions :
Actively look for anomalies .
as Schulz so convincingly illustrated , the " feeling " of being right is misleading .
We need an external aid  the light of the sun , in my camping example above  to know when we're wrong .
Dunbar assured us that the brain is not hardwired to disregard anomalous data  we can retrain our brains to notice the unexpected .
After all , the key to Chabris's experiments is not that his subjects aren't paying attention  on the contrary , it's that they are so focused on the task at hand that they experience a kind of tunnel vision that allows them to screen out " irrelevant " data .
Be gentle to each other  and to yourself .
The next time I'm convinced a politician is lying , or a friend is being willfully obtuse , or a colleague is half-daft  or that I myself must be an idiot  I'm going to pause , and remember :
sometimes , we all miss the gorilla .
Computers : Will They Ever Learn ?
Sometimes Google Translate is spot-on perfect .
Very often , though , the system has all the fluency of a barely competent human translator .
Ask most computer programmers what would happen if , suddenly , their computers got a thousand times faster .
Most would rhapsodize about being able to immediately put that extra power to good use .
Ask Franz Josef Och the same question , though , and he says that even with a machine a thousand times more powerful than today 's his program would n't run significantly better than it does right now , as far as most people could tell .
Which is quite an admission , because Och is responsible for one of the most amazing computer programs in the world :
He is head of the division at Google that runs Google Translate .
Google Translate is a free Google service that translates between scores of languages almost as quickly as Google returns search results .
Give it a Web page from a Spanish newspaper and in about a second the text is converted to English .
When you first encounter it , there is a whiff of sci-fi make-believe about this tearing down of ancient language barriers .
That , at least , is the impression you get as a new user .
Spend more time with the software , though , and you realize while Google Translate is often spot-on perfect , especially with simple sentences from structurally simple languages like Spanish , it can produce puzzling sentences .
Frequently the system has the fluency of a barely competent human translator , one who happens to be both distracted and drunk .
I use Google Translate almost every day , usually to see what the rest of the world is thinking .
It 's as good as it is because of advances in statistical translation .
This method involves not parsing sentences the way you learned to do in grade school but rather comparing lots of phrases with their existing translations ( which Google did by downloading stacks of translated documents , like those from the United Nations . )
Computer scientists have wrung nearly all of the performance they can from this approach and can 't do much better than they are , even as hardware continues to get faster .
In other words , Google Translate readers in the year 2020 will be able to find clunkers and non sequiturs almost as easily as they can today .
A computer that translates as well as a human , which is as good a definition as any of genuine artificial intelligence , is nowhere in sight .
Improvements to Google Translate are being made on a regular basis .
But they are relatively small , incremental steps .
" The trajectory we are on just does n't seem likely to reach artificial intelligence " , Och says .
This is n't just an issue for computer translation ;
it exists for just about all of the tough problems computers are working in :
language , vision , robotics -- even search , which is at the heart of the Web .
Computers have become remarkably useful but are still a far cry from the dream of early computer pioneers of a machine so smart it would be indistinguishable from a human .
Will one ever be ?
I am doubtful , though Och does n't share my pessimism , holding out for some breakthrough , even if he has no idea what it might look like .
What 's needed , he says , are computer programs that learn how to learn things .
Programmers will also need to figure out how to synthesize the intelligence of different programs .
Right now a computer might play Jeopardy , but it knows nothing about playing chess .
Neither the Jeopardy-playing computer nor the chess-playing one has any sense of how a soccer ball bounces .
A computer would have to know a little bit about a lot of things to translate gracefully .
There are two kinds of engineers in Silicon Valley .
A surprisingly large number believe , despite evidence to the contrary all around them , that computers are progressing so rapidly that we 're not far away from having a real-life version of HAL from the movie 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Many of them happen to be colleagues of Och 's at Google , adherents of what 's called the Singularity Movement .
It 's common in these circles to believe computers are becoming so much like people that , in another few decades , we will be able to download our consciousness into them and thus live forever .
The other sort of engineer understands that glib comparisons between computers and humans do n't do justice to the complexities of either .
I 'd put Och in that category .
Guess which of them writes more useful software ?
Achieve Anything in Just One Year
Do you have goals in life ?
Most people have a certain idea of what they want to achieve in life .
It can be anything from starting a successful business to building a strong marriage or strong friendships .
While we all have different goals a lot of times we have to take simple steps to reach those goals .
The path of self improvement is what unites businessmen , housewives , teenagers and grandparents .
The process of growing as a person is fascinating and it does not matter how old you are to start this journey .
I have started my journey when I was 22 and the changes that have happened in my life are tremendous !
I think that the path of self improvement , spirituality and faith is what drives me through life and helps me be a better person .
OK , that was a long rant about the importance of self improvement
( I am pretty sure that you agree with me if you like reading blogs )
Now , would you believe me if I said that there is a single resource that can help you achieve anything in life ?
This is a very strong claim !
Actually when I got an email from Jason Harvey asking me if I was interested in reviewing his book Achieve Anything in Just One Year I was a little skeptical about it .
I guess I agreed to look at the book more from curiosity rather than a belief that it could really do that much .
Boy , I was wrong !
Even if you do not like book reviews , stick around and read Jason 's interview because he has really great tips to share with all of us .
In the meantime I want to say a few words about the book .
It is a really great one !
The book is divided into 365 chapters ( each chapter is page-long and it contains a motivational quote and a lesson . )
You can go day after day or you can open the book whenever you want to and read a few pages that will help you focus on important areas in your life .
I must say that I have n't gone through 365 days yet ( I am about 30 days into the book ) and I am learning a lot .
Jason 's approach is very balanced .
You do not have to spend much time reading and you do not have to follow a particular plan .
You just flow with it and incorporate his tips into your life naturally .
Who is this book good for ?
Anyone who wants to reach their goals People who value their time Anyone who is looking for meaning in their life Someone who is ready to make changes and grow Anyone looking for a more balanced approach to life .
Let 's see what Jason has to say about his book and life balance .
Do not forget to ask him questions in the comments below .
1 . Jason , in your book you promise that your readers can achieve anything in just one year .
How is it possible ?
Did you have to change your life in order to reach your goals ?
Great question Anastasiya .
There are a few things that are involved , first you need to do a bit of self examination and figure out what it is that you want to achieve and why .
For example , if you have a goal to sail around the World and the thing that brings you the most joy in your life is spending time with friends and family then I would say you really need to go back and re-examine what you want to achieve and why .
along with what you are going to do to reach these goals .
Putting your goals and action plan to paper is a very powerful thing .
Our subconscious mind is always working , and when you write things down you put these thoughts into your subconscious .
Finally you will need to take action , this is the key .
You must do something , you must take action .
When you take action toward your goal each and every day anything is possible .
For myself : in the past one of the things that I struggled with was being consistent with my actions .
I would try to fit in the actions needed to achieve my goals after I completed everything else that I thought I had to do that day .
This led me to skip a lot of days due to lack of time .
This lack of consistency led me to fail .
When I finally realized the power of being consistent I was able to achieve so much .
I know that some people reading this might think that this seems a little simplistic or even a little boring .
Well maybe they are right , but achieving your goals does not have to be complicated .
Your book is divided into 365 chapters .
If you had to give your readers advice for only one day , the most important day , what would it be ?
I would have to go with Day 362 , which is about remembering to enjoy the everyday experiences of life .
Sometimes you can get caught up in the excitement of working to achieve a goal and not take the time to have fun along the way .
For example , if you are working on a fitness goal that involves spending one hour a day in a gym , you should take the time to meet some of the people who are at the gym .
This will not only make going to the gym more enjoyable but you will also make some new friends along the way .
3 . What do you think about life balance ?
What is it in your opinion and do you have it in your life ?
I feel life balance is very important , it is something I am very mindful of everyday .
I define life balance as aligning your health , relationships and work life in a way that makes you happy .
That said I think it is a very individual matter , you need to figure out for yourself what the perfect balance is .
Fortunately I do have a life balance that brings me great joy in my life .
However this was not always the case .
4 . What is ( was ) the most difficult part of your life to bring in balance ?
How did you manage to do that ?
I was a workaholic and this meant that my health and personal relationships came a distance second to my business .
This was a difficult thing to change , I was self employed and I thoroughly enjoyed running my business .
But over time I began to realize that I was not that happy doing what I was doing every day .
By this I mean that I was aware of the concept of life balance .
From there I made a conscious decision to take the actions needed to rebalance my life in a way that would make me happier .
5 . What are your three most successful habits in life that help you accomplish your goals ?
1. Journaling 2. Reading 3. Consistency
6. Jason , please , give us your advice on how to always feel inspired to reach for the dreams in life and to live every day meaningfully .
This is somewhat of a catch 22 .
First you need a plan on how to reach your dreams , then you need to take action .
The process of taking action to accompany your dreams will in turn inspire you to get up each day and feel ready to take on the world .
Of course the inverse is also true ,
if you have no defined plans or even dreams at all it will be very difficult to get up and feel inspired to take on the day .
Thank you , Jason !
If you are ready to check out Jason 's book and achieve anything you want in life please click the image to the left or right here .
Keep it balanced !
Strategic jousting between China and America
Testing the waters Tensions rise over efforts to create a new Chinese lake
ON THE face of things , North Korea was supposed to quiver at the presence of a powerful American aircraft-carrier , the USS George Washington , at the head of a fleet of American and South Korean warships off the south-east coast of the Korean peninsula this week .
The vessels fired artillery shells and lobbed anti-submarine bombs into the wine-dark sea .
This was no idle show of force , but an act of intimidation aimed at deterring North Korea , which South Korea and the United States blame for the sinking in March of a South Korean corvette , the Cheonan .
But more subtly , it was also a shot across China 's bows .
China refuses to condemn North Korea over the Cheonan sinking , to the irritation of America and others , while describing the exercises as unwarranted warmongering .
America and China have shown growing signs of friction over their competing security presence around the trade-clogged shores of Asia .
China 's reaction to the Cheonan is one element in what appears to be an attempt to turn the seas near it into a Chinese lake .
South Korea had wanted to hold the joint war games in the Yellow Sea near where the Cheonan sank .
But China said it opposed them , so the exercises were moved .
It is the first time that China has objected to ( perfectly legal ) manoeuvres in the area .
Chinese media reported that Chinese land forces had staged exercises of their own " near " the Yellow Sea .
Tensions are not confined to North-East Asia .
On July 23rd they erupted publicly on the fringes of an Asian security forum in Hanoi , where Hillary Clinton , America 's secretary of state , said that respect for international law and established rules was key in the South China Sea .
Vietnam , Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Brunei  all friendly with the United States  have maritime-boundary quarrels with China .
An American role in enforcing the peace , Mrs Clinton asserted , was in her country 's " national interest . "
The sea was " pivotal to regional stability . "
Two days later her Chinese counterpart , Yang Jiechi , struck back .
He warned America off inflaming tensions by " internationalising " what Beijing insists are bilateral matters .
Chinese editorials said South-East Asians should not be hoodwinked by imperialists .
Last year America offered a pact of " strategic reassurance " with China , in which America would welcome China 's rise as a global power if it would reassure the world that it did not threaten others .
The spat in Hanoi suggested that the pact has yet to materialise .
China ought to have seen Mrs Clinton 's comments coming .
In March Chinese officials told Americans that they saw the South China Sea as part of China 's " core interests , " on a par with Taiwan and Tibet .
In response Vietnam , which has chafed at China 's efforts to stop Western oil companies signing offshore oil exploration deals quietly led a lobbying attempt to get America to stand up for South-East Asia .
Some Americans urge a stronger response .
Yet as Marcus Noland , a scholar of North Korea at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , argues , Mrs Clinton is constrained by the need for Chinese support on many issues .
They range from exchange rates to Iran 's nuclear programme , and indeed to co-operation in the event of a North Korean meltdown .
Japan 's armed forces were present as observers during the Sea of Japan war games .
Newspaper reports suggest the defence ministry will increase Japan 's submarine fleet for the first time since 1976 , adding two submarines to counter both North Korea and increased Chinese naval activity in seas near Japan .
In South Korea , however , plenty have criticised President Lee Myung-bak for what they see as his hard-line approach to Kim Jong Il 's flailing regime .
Conspiracy theories have swirled around the Cheonan investigation .
One question was why Sweden , a part of the investigating team , did not sign the final report blaming North Korea .
But the Swedish ambassador to South Korea , Lars Vargo , told The Economist that this was a procedural matter and his country believes North Korea was responsible .
In China the strength of the American response has sparked a debate over whether the country is pushing too far with its expanded list of " core interests . "
On July 27th even the Global Times , a usually reliable critic of American behaviour , argued that China should avoid " arbitrarily expanding " the definition of its core interests .
Sometimes even big powers , it said , can make territorial concessions without sacrifice .
Outlook Weekly , part of the state news agency , quoted a military academic warning that to misuse the term " core interests " might undermine its deterrent value or even lead to armed conflict .
Just now , Chinese diplomats , for all the talk of China 's " peaceful rise , " have weakened their case by upping the ante .
In the South China Sea , say Western diplomats , China has in effect declared as its territory not merely the contested Paracel and Spratly Islands and waters close to them , but a vast swathe of ocean stretching deep into South-East Asia .
Neighbours wonder whether claims will one day be backed with force .
" Does the expression of one 's legitimate concerns count as coercion , " ? asked Mr Yang , the foreign minister . "
When it 's a colossus talking , China 's neighbours might understandably think so .
Brazil 's president offers asylum to imprisoned Iranian woman
President Luiz Ignacio Lula da Silva 's government recently participated in talks with Iran on its nuclear program .
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Brazil 's president offers asylum to Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani
Lawyer of woman says his wife is being unfairly held
Brazil 's president has been involved in diplomatic talks with Iran in recent months
Iran says Ashtiani 's stoning sentence was commuted , but no word on alternate sentence
Brazil 's president has offered asylum to an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning , state-run media reported Saturday .
President Luiz Ignacio Lula da Silva was quoted by Brazil 's official state news agency EBC as saying " I want to make an appeal to my friend Ahmadinejad ..
and to the government of Iran to allow Brazil to take in the woman " .
Brazil recently participated in talks with Iran aimed at restarting negotiations about Iran 's nuclear program .
In May , Brazil helped broker a deal with Iran that would provide Tehran with enriched uranium for medical research .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and was originally sentenced to death by stoning .
Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold , but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed .
The 43-year-old mother of two is reportedly still being held held in Tabriz prison .
Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by another means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups .
Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , told CNN earlier this month that his client confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes .
He said she later recanted the confession and denied any wrongdoing .
Mostafaei has gone into hiding since last weekend after being interrogated by Iranian authorities , human rights groups say .
Advocates and Mostafaei say his wife and brother-in-law are being held by Iranian authorities .
A letter believed to be written by Mostafaei was posted on the Internet on Saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .
The lawyer says he has cooperated with interrogators , and says his wife and brother-in-law are victims of of " hostage taking " .
Mostafaei said he and his family are innocent of any wrongdoing .
The Guardian newspaper previously reported that Mostafaei 's wife was arrested when they were unable to find him .
Healthy , young volunteers with no history of heart disease showed unfavorable changes in their heart function after just two hours of exercising while being exposed to ozone , report researchers in the journal Circulation .
The changes included surges in markers of inflammation , as well as drops in levels of enzymes that break down clots in the blood vessels  alterations that may explain the link between exposure to air pollution and heart risk .
The study is among the first to document the physiological changes caused by exposure to ozone , a major pollutant formed when volatile organic compounds from industrial waste or car exhaust reacts with sunlight .
Previous studies have linked exposure to ozone to heart problems , but had not quantified the precise effect of the pollutant on biological markers of heart and lung function .
( MORE :
Mom 's Exposure to Air Pollution Can Increase Kids ' Behavior Problems ) In the study , 23 young participants participated in two hours of intermittent exercise in a lab while being exposed first to " clean " air , and then to air containing 0.3 parts per million of ozone , which is higher than the amount found in average U.S. cities but about the peak level calculated for heavily polluted cities like Beijing , China and Mexico City .
( However , the level is equivalent to the amount of ozone someone in an average American city would be exposed to over the course of seven to eight hours ) .
Scientists then compared readings on various biological markers of heart and lung function between the two sessions , to get a sense of ozone 's impact .
Under the ozone conditions , the participants experienced a nearly 99% jump in levels of interleukin-8 , an marker for inflammation in the blood vessels .
They also showed a 42% drop in plasminogen levels , which lowers the body 's ability to break up blood clots .
The study recorded the participants ' readings for only 24 hours after the experiment , and the changes were temporary and reversible :
once the volunteers stopped breathing the heavy concentration of ozone , their measurements returned to normal levels .
" But the results show that ozone can have potentially harmful , and even deadly effects on the heart , say the authors .
" This study provides a plausible explanation for the link between acute ozone exposure and death " , Robert Devlin , a senior scientist at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's National Health and Environmental Effects Research Laboratory and the study 's lead author , said in a statement .
( MORE :
Traffic Noise Linked to Heart Attack Risk ) " The results complement what are suspicions are , and help us to apply what we know about pollution risk to populations we think are at especially high risk " .
says Dr. Steven Tracy Luke 's Mid America Heart Institute Cardiologist and a spokesperson with the American Heart Association .
The findings highlight the dangers of pollution to people who might already have unstable plaques in their heart vessels , she says , since ozone can trigger a surge in inflammatory markers that drive these plaques to rupture , causing a heart attack .
While Stevens says the risks of pollution in aggravating inflammation are known , having data that quantifies the risk as the current study does may help more people to appreciate and address ways to reduce inflammation .
The American Heart Association recommends that people with heart disease avoid going out on high-ozone days , and lower their risk of exposure to heavily polluted air , including cigarette smoke .
MORE :
Exposure to Air Pollution During Pregnancy May Boost Chances of Obesity in Kids .
" As everyone says , no place is better than China nowadays " .
" No is good " , Chen nods .
" You are joking " , Xiaoxi says .
Her sullen mood seems at odds with the jubilant crowd around them .
As she suddenly departs , he notices two men smoking nearby who have been following her .
So opens an early scene from The Prosperous Time : China 2013 , a hotly controversial Chinese science-fiction novel .
Written by 58-year-old Hong Kong novelist Chen Guanzhong , who has lived and worked in Beijing for much of his life ,
China 2013 presents an ambivalent vision of China 's near future :
outwardly triumphant ( a Chinese company has even bought out Starbucks , ) and yet tightly controlled .
The novel , first published in Hong Kong in late 2009 , caused quite a stir on Chinese websites early this year .
For instance , Hecaitou , one of the most influential bloggers in the country , wrote in January that the book " once and for fall settles the majority of Internet quarrels " on what China 's tomorrow will be like .
At the time , the book was only available in Hong Kong .
But after interest grew apace in Chinese cyberspace , the author himself " pirated " his rights from his own publisher in Hong Kong to let Chinese mainlanders read it online for free .
Since February , numerous digital versions of the novel have circulated and sparked heated discussions on the Chinese Internet .
The significance -- and uniqueness -- of the novel is that it is a work of social science fiction , a subgenre that has become virtually nonexistent since the establishment of the People 's Republic .
Such keen reader interest in visions of China 's political future is remarkable -- and reveals a pent-up appetite among readers .
Take a look at recent issues of the popular Chinese Sci-Fi World magazine , or at Internet rankings of today 's most-read Chinese sci-fi stories , and you 'll find every kind of plotline you might find in Western sci-fi literature -- time travel , space voyage , robot battles , you name it --
but social or political criticism , as you might read in books like George Orwell 's 1984 , is almost completely lacking .
That is n't because politically charged science fiction never existed in China .
As popular sci-fi writer Ye Yonglie has documented , the history of modern Chinese science fiction goes back to the early 20th century .
The genre was catalyzed by the first Chinese translation of Jules Verne 's Around the World in Eighty Days , published in 1900 .
Early Chinese sci-fi works often doubled as political parables and social criticism , starting with 1904's The Moon Colony .
Now commonly cited as the first Chinese sci-fi novel ,
The Moon Colony tells the story of an anti-Qing dynasty revolutionary 's life in exile ;
taking a cue from Jules Vernes ' heroes , he travels on a balloon around the world , and eventually migrates to the moon .
The book was in part a commentary on corruption in contemporary society .
This politically-charged tradition in Chinese sci-fi continued for more than four decades , epitomized by Lao She 's controversial 1932 novel , Cat Country .
Lao She , one of the most important Chinese writers of the last century , published his only science-fiction novel as serial installments in a magazine .
The story is set on Mars .
Although it was published 13 years before Orwell 's Animal Farm , the political satire functions in similar fashion , with intrigues among a colony of cats on Mars serving as criticism of contemporary political reality in China .
It was the only Chinese sci-fi novel then translated into foreign languages .
Cat Country was so popular among readers that it was reprinted seven times over the course of 17 years until 1949 .
Under Communist rule , however , the book disappeared from shelves , and any social or political criticism content in new sci-fi works disappeared along with it .
Mao Zedong 's official literary policy was that " literature and art serve politics " .
As a dystopian novel , Cat Country was politically incorrect , and in August 1966 , Lao She was publicly denounced and beaten by the Red Guards .
Not long after , he committed suicide .
I grew up in the western city of Chongqing in the 1960s and 1970s , an avid fan of Lao She 's less controversial works .
I had never heard of Cat Country until years after the Cultural Revolution .
Following Mao 's death , much Western literature and philosophy were introduced in China for the first time .
I still vividly remember the excitement among my friends in 1980s as we vied with each other for copies of translated books such as William Shirer 's The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , Dennis Meadows etc 's The Limits to Growth and Alvin Toffler's The Third Wave etc .
In 1985 , George Orwell 's 1984 and Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World first became widely available to Chinese readers .
( Reportedly , the earliest Chinese translation of 1984 was published in 1979 in a limited-circulation Communist Party magazine to provide " references for the leadership comrades ) " .
It was around the late 1970s and early 1980s that some Chinese sci-fi writers became bold enough to embed reflections on domestic events such as the Cultural Revolution in their stories .
For a while , it seemed that social sci-fi might reestablish itself as a literary subgenre in China .
That hope , however , was extinguished in 1983 , when Deng Xiaoping launched a " clean up spiritual pollution " campaign against writers , in effect clamping down again on freedom of thought .
Economically and culturally , the China of today looks entirely unrecognizable from that of previous decades -- with new skyscrapers , shopping malls , and airports .
Still , political censorship and restrictions on freedom of speech continue .
" Newspeak " style journalism is far more common than independent voices .
Writers are still being indicted for their words .
In February .
China 2013 was fortunate to be published in Hong Kong , due to the " one country , two systems " policy .
Modern China is a paradox .
Its coexistence of economic prosperity and political autocracy is baffling .
Chen Guanzhong 's China 2013 presents a fairly Orwellian view of China 's future .
Although Chen has said he does not think his novel is like 1984 , certain parallels between the two are pretty obvious .
Key Orwellian concepts such as a " memory hole " , " double think " , and " newspeak " find echoes in Chen 's novel , and the antagonist is a party official reminiscent of OBrien , a character in 1984 .
As the novel 's plot unfolds , on the day that marks the beginning of an unprecedented world-wide economic crisis , the U.S. dollar falls by one-third .
The same day , China officially enters what its leaders call " the prosperous time " .
Every Chinese person accepts this happy coincidence , except for two men and a woman .
The three remember events differently :
They believe that a month , somehow been lost from public memory , separates these two events .
And they set out to recover memories of that lost month .
The three truth-seekers are led by Fang Chaodi , a man in his mid-60s who immigrated to the United States in 1972 after Richard Nixon's Beijing visit but returned to China in late 1990s .
He is accompanied by a young rural man named Zhang Dou , as well as Xiaoxi , a woman who distrusts the government and whose 24-year-old son is a party informant attempting to send her to prison .
Unable at first to unravel how an entire month has disappeared , they eventually kidnap a member of the Politburo , He Dongsheng , who confesses that between the start of global economic meltdown and the advent of China's prosperous time , there was in fact a chaotic period -- mysteriously now largely forgotten .
The first week of that period is filled with public disquiet , panic buying , and looting .
Initially the government takes little action to prevent the nation from falling into a state of anarchy .
But in the second lost week , the People 's Liberation Army suddenly marches through streets everywhere in a dramatic crackdown against alleged criminals .
On the last day of the crackdown , the government adds a drug to the nation 's water supply .
It works its magic and turns almost everyone in China into a more jovial and complacent person .
The day after , the government announces that the country has formally entered " the prosperous time " .
New economic policies are implemented ;
national GDP continues to grow , and the party 's hold on power grows ever more secure .
The most surprising turn in the plot is that , as the reader eventually discovers , the public 's selective memory loss turns out not to have been induced by the government . It is a voluntary memory loss .
This unexpected twist is a brilliant stroke from the author ;
it provokes hard questions not only about the government but about popular complacency in China .
Equally sharp and biting is the author 's portrait of China 's intellectual elite indulging in the carefree " prosperous time " , willingly letting go of the unpleasant past and their critical spirit .
The book 's author has said that the novel is essentially more " realism " than science fiction .
Its ending is pessimistic .
When the truth seekers interrogate He Dongsheng , the Politburo member , they lose control of the conversation , which effectively becomes a monologue by the official .
The interrogators can muster only feeble rebuttals to his claim that " the one-party capitalist-socialist autocracy is today 's China 's best option " .
The novel evokes the dark side of the one-party autocracy , yet its heroes seem to be overwhelmed by He 's eloquent policy speech .
This might well be the novel 's message :
Paradoxically , it 's the Chinese public 's aversion to political upheavals and desire for a better economic life that enables the government to operate with impunity .
The Long , Deathly Silence By Rossella Lorenzi
" You could hear women lamenting , children crying , men shouting .
There were some so afraid of death that they prayed for death .
Many raised their hands to the gods , and even more believed that there were no gods any longer and that this was one unending night for the world " . 
Pliny the Younger , circa A.D. 97 to 109
It all lasted 19 hours .
Then , there was only a long , deathly silence .
Pompeii lay buried for nearly 1,700 years .
It was n't until 1748 that archaeologists began slowly uncovering the ancient city , preserved under 9 feet of volcanic ash and frozen in time by Pliny the Younger 's vivid report .
About three-fifths of the city has been liberated from the solidified volcanic ash and pumice that engulfed it .
But many questions remained unanswered for a long time .
What was life like under the volcano ?
What exactly did happen that summer day in A.D. 79 ?
Here we take a look into the latest findings .
Since it was discovered in the 18th century buried under 75 feet of solidified ash , the ancient Roman city of Herculaneum has always been overshadowed by Pompeii and Mount Vesuvius .
Yet , in ancient times , Herculaneum was a dream town .
Overlooking the Bay of Naples , it was the aristocratic dwelling of a wealthy elite , a cluster of fabulous villas and gardens .
" Herculaneum could not stand out in all its importance because of problems with digging .
The resistance of the volcanic material made it very difficult to excavate , not to mention the urban settlements that had grown above the ancient town .
There is still a lot to discover about this place " , archaeologist Mario Pagano , director of the town 's excavation , said .
Indeed , a 18-year dig led by Pagano near the ancient seashore has provided the conclusive evidence on how the victims of history 's most famous volcanic explosion died .
The excavation uncovered 300 bodies , a significant and precious sample of Herculaneum 's population , which at the time of the eruption in A.D. 79 numbered about 5,000 .
Pagano 's team found bodies of adults on the surface , many carrying money and valuable objects ;
deeper down , they found children and newborns .
Most of all , Pagano found 80 nearly intact bodies trapped by death as they packed into 12 storerooms on the beach to escape the molten lava and boiling mud pouring down from the crater .
It has long been assumed that the victims died from asphyxiation .
But a study of the bone fractures and the position of the remains , indicates that the fugitives died instantly from extreme thermal shock when the surge hurled down on the beach area , covering the seven miles to the coast in about four minutes .
Herculaneum was baked in seconds .
" These 80 people do not display any evidence of voluntary self-protective reaction or agony contortions .
They were killed before they had time to display a reaction , in less than a fraction of a second " , said study author Giuseppe Mastrolorenzo , a volcanologist with the Vesuvius Observatory .
The finding prompted a team of archaeologists , vulcanologists , geologists and anthropologists to draw a diary of Herculaneum 's last hours .
Aug. 24 , A.D. 79 1 p.m. :
When the people of Herculaneum saw a column of smoke bursting from Vesuvius , reaching nine miles into the sky ,
they looked around , astonished .
As the first ash fell on the roofs of their houses , they understood it was time to run .
Most stopped to gather what belongings they could :
money , jewels , the family dog .
Everybody rushed into the streets .
Some thought the sea was their route to safety ;
those who did n't try to escape on boats assembled on the beach .
Midnight :
The cloud reached almost 19 miles into the sky , and torrents of lava poured down Vesuvius .
The beach probably offered a spectacular view of the eruption , but the fugitives did n't live much longer to admire it .
Aug. 25 , A.D. 79 1 a.m. :
A cloud of gas and ash plunged down on the town ;
the hot breath of Vesuvius killed the fugitives in a fraction of a second .
By studying bone fractures and the position of the remains , anthropologist Paolo Petrone and volcanologist Giuseppe Mastrolorenzo established beyond a doubt that the fugitives were wrapped in a 900-degree Fahrenheit cloud .
They died instantly of thermal shock , not from slow suffocation as scientists long assumed . 1 to 6 a.m. :
More surges followed . 7 a.m. :
A devastating surge killed the remaining inhabitants of Pompeii ;
they lay down with death on a thick carpet of pumice . 8 a.m. :
Silence fell on Herculaneum and Pompeii .
Lupercus is one of the only victims whose identity has survived , thanks to his personal bronze seal declaring his status as an imperial slave .
This fictional account of his last day is based on the recent findings .
It was a summer night in A.D. 79 and Lupercus watched a young couple sitting cross-legged on the beach at Herculaneum .
They looked like they were under the spell of the Cupids on the fresco near the Decumanus Maximus , but it was n't a romantic moment .
The couple was frightened ;
torrents of hot mud were spewing out of Mount Vesuvius .
Lupercus cleaned his mouth with his left hand .
Despite the sea breeze , his tongue felt furry with thin ash .
In the other hand he held his bronze seal , inscribed with " Lupercus Augusti servus " .
It was the only thing he took with him as he rushed to the beach .
He looked again at Vesuvius , worried .
" I am close to the water , I shall be safe " , he reassured himself .
But what would happen to the imperial villa he had to take care of ?
He had worked so hard to make a good impression on the emperor and be released one day .
After all , he was n't a just a common slave .
He had been appointed with a great responsibility :
he had to take care of the garden of the villa that had belonged to the lunatic emperor Caligula .
He looked around at the crowded beach .
The women wore their most beautiful jewels .
Lupercus recognized the matron of the house with the mosaic atrium :
she was wearing rings on every finger and two beautiful bracelets in the shape of snakes .
A more modest woman was carrying a basket with nuts and pomegranates , while others carried bronze oil lamps .
" It is going be a long night " , Lupercus thought .
Some lay on the beach to sleep , while many others decided to find shelter in the boat chambers .
At the time Mount Vesuvius erupted , this was a wealthy Roman trading town , famous for its fish sauce and grand villas .
Indeed , it was international and cosmopolitan .
In addition to Greeks and Etruscans , the population included residents from Africa .
Of Pompeii 's 20,000 inhabitants , half were children .
The average Pompeian woman was 4 1/2 feet tall and lived to the age of 39 .
The average man was a few inches taller and could expect to live to the age of 41 .
Pompeians poured their savings into their houses .
Wealthy people enriched their homes with elegant courtyard gardens decorated with frescoes of plants and flowers and an abundance of modern conveniences .
Each room was heated by hot air running through cavity walls and spaces under the floors , while sophisticated hydraulic pumps provided running water .
The entire city had an excellent system for the control and distribution of water .
From a great reservoir , water flowed invisibly through underground pipelines into drainage systems and into aqueducts supported by arches .
It reappeared in the city 's houses , public buildings and fountains .
" The ancient Romans achieved their power because they had a deep knowledge of technology and science , not to mention that they understood many aspects of nature " , Paolo Galluzzi , director of Florence 's Institute and Museum of the History of Science , said .
Having studied iconographic sources and ancient texts for three years , Galluzzi has been able to reconstruct models and computer animations of the complex machines created by the ancient residents .
" Here are impressive pieces of evidence of the degree of civilization in Pompeii " , says Paolo Galluzzi , director of Florence 's Institute and Museum of the History of Science .
Several of the contraptions show a surprising similarity to modern machines .
For example , any Pompeian embarking on a trip could establish how many Roman miles he had traveled through the use of a contraption attached to the wheel of a cart . For every mile , it dropped a pebble into a box .
To help assemble this strikingly detailed re-creation of life in Pompeii , researchers employed a range of high-tech tools .
Among them were DNA testing of bones to decipher genetic history and physical analysis of the bones to study the physical structure of Pompeians and to determine some of the most prevalent diseases , such as arthritis .
With high-powered microscopes , scientists analyzed pollens , animal bones and fragments of wood , glass , plants and daily objects to figure out the natural history of the region as well as cultural and agricultural practices .
Using 3-D forensic techniques , they reconstructed the faces of four Pompeians ( including Caius Julius Polybius , ) bringing the ancient residents back to life hundreds of years into the future .
Their blank eyes stare at a harsh , unforgiving light .
A day in the life of one of Pompeii 's residents is re-created in this fictional account based on research findings .
Caius Julius Polybius woke up early that summer day in A.D. 79 . He was excited : workers were to arrive soon to restore some rooms in his beautiful house .
He was proud of himself .
A descendant of a former slave who in A.D 14 wrote and read the testament of the emperor Augustus , he was now a wealthy and respected merchant .
He opened the front door and breathed deeply the cool air of the morning . Like every day , he read the graffiti on the facade of his house :
" The mule drivers ask you to elect Caius Julius Polybius as duovir " .
He smiled .
At 65 he was finally enjoying an enviable social position , holding the most important public office in Pompeii .
He turned and began to walk through his house , stopping to look at a fresco and admire his treasure .
Others in the city had more interesting pieces . How much he would have liked to have had the silver collection he saw in the House of the Meander !
Yet , he could n't complain :
on the table , lit by a bronze lamp sculpture of young Apollo , were bronzes , vases , a beautiful embossed tray , and the best piece of the collection , a Greek water container .
The house was bustling .
Women were already in the kitchen preparing honey doughnuts and Julius ' favorite dish , garum , a sauce made with marinated fish .
In the garden , a tortoise was sleeping under the fig tree , undisturbed by Julius ' grandchild , who had just put down a tree ladder and a basket full of figs .
The earth was shaking lightly beneath people 's feet , but nobody cared .
They were used to earthquakes , which occurred often in Pompeii .
But at noon a frightening roar made the 12 people in the house forget their lunch .
Julius looked at Mount Vesuvius . A huge cloud spewed out of the massive volcano , and fire reached for the sky .
Soon white and gray pumice began to fall from the column of smoke .
A false night , darker and thicker than any night , descended on the city .
There was panic . People cried in terror , rushing into the streets looking for shelter .
Like everybody , Julius and his family tried to escape , but a horse that had collapsed on the ground blocked their way .
They returned under a shower of burning rock , flaming cinders , fragments of lava and pumice .
They rushed into two rooms in the back of their house , away from the street .
They sat on the floor and waited for what seemed an eternity .
In the darkness , they could hear groans of the dying and shrieks of the terrified , noises from the mountain , the sound of roofs collapsing .
It was nothing compared to what was still to come .
At 7 a.m. strong winds howled down the streets , bringing sharp streams of ash , poisonous vapors and an unbearable temperature .
In Julius ' garden , the tortoise withdrew into its shell for the last time .
I never travelled much as a kid .
I moved house only once before I came to university .
For various reasons , the only time I had been on holiday was when I was five .
But that does n't mean I do n't want to travel .
In fact , it makes me want to travel even more .
I chose to do a language degree and a Teach English as a Foreign Language ( TEFL ) course specifically so that I can travel .
The desire for adventure has always been in me , which , I think , accounts for my minimalism .
I believe it gives me freedom .
A few weeks ago , I said goodbye to the place where I had been staying for a year .
I said goodbye to all of the stuff I had given away .
I said goodbye to the people that I would never see again , and the people that had become my friends .
It 's always difficult to say goodbye , and it makes sentimental people like me feel a tiny bit heartbroken everytime .
It 's easier to not buy something , than to let go of something old .
It 's easier to meet new people , than to say goodbye to friends .
It 's easier to visit a new place , than to leave a familiar place .
But it would be impossible ( and very boring ) to live a life where you never bought anything , met anyone or went anywhere .
Slowly I realised , if it hurts so much , why even say goodbye ?
' Goodbye ' is sad , it 's another way of saying ' I 'll never see you again . '
One of the most essential ' skills ' a minimalist can have is the ability to let go .
If you attach enormous amounts of emotional baggage to everything and everyone , you 'll have little left for yourself .
So instead , why not think a little differently ?
The people you will never see again will continue with their own lives , so would n't it be better to wish them ' Good luck ' ?
Or if it 's a place where you spent a lot of time , how about ' thanks for the memories ' .
Sometimes , it 's difficult to say goodbye to our things , like old clothes for example ,
but even if it sounds silly it really helps to think ' thanks , and now you can go to someone who will find a better use for you ' .
This summer , I will be leaving home to go abroad to a far away place for a whole year .
Just like this past year , I know there will inevitably be many people and places that will come in and out of my life .
I can either :
get too attached to them , and be upset when I have to leave ,
or I can enjoy it while it lasts and depart with a smile and a headful of great memories .
Do you have to say goodbye to everything ?
Or can you say goodbye without having to say it ?
BEIJING  China 's economy has slowed from its blistering growth earlier this year after the government took measures to ward off inflation and rein in a runaway property market , government data released on Thursday showed .
The country 's gross domestic product rose 10.3 percent in the second quarter , compared with an increase of 11.9 percent during the first quarter .
Li-gang Liu , China economist at ANZ in Hong Kong , said the data showed that China was still charging ahead at a more reasonable rate .
" We think there is still a lot of heavy lifting for monetary policy makers and inflation has not peaked " , he said .
" But the monetary tightening policy so far has had the intended result " .
China 's industrial output for June also signaled tempered growth .
Production rose 13.7 percent last month compared with the same month last year .
That was down from a 16.5 percent increase in May over May 2009 .
At the same time , inflation slowed to 2.9 percent in June , down from 3.1 percent in May and below the government 's official target of 3 percent , according to the National Bureau of Statistics .
Economists largely applauded the slower growth , saying the government needed to tame property prices after the first quarter 's galloping expansion in gross domestic product was the highest in three years .
" At the moment , it is good news " , said Stephen Green , head of China research for Standard Chartered Bank in Shanghai .
" The economy was overheating , and the government over the past six months has withdrawn some of the stimulus .
They have done a pretty good job of taking the heat off " .
Record lending last year was a crucial part of the government 's efforts to stimulate the economy .
This year , China repeatedly tightened reserve requirements for banks .
Chinese banks reported a sharp drop in loans in the first half of the year .
The government also imposed certain restrictions on property buying .
June data suggest the market may be starting to cool .
Average property prices in 70 cities declined 0.1 percent compared with the month before , the first drop since February 2009 , according to China analysts for UBS Securities .
" We are now starting to see the effect of policies dealing with excessive housing prices , Sheng Laiyun , a spokesman for the government 's statistics bureau , at a news conference in Beijing .
A drastic slowdown of China 's growth could depress commodity prices and threaten chances for a global economy recovery .
China is expected to account for one third of the world 's economic growth this year .
But Mr. Green said fluctuations in China 's economy were often overblown by investors . "
Global markets have a kind of Jekyll and Hyde attitude toward China " , he said . "
Either it is booming and saving the world or it is collapsing and taking the world with it . " Mr. Sheng , of the statistics bureau , said data on Thursday showed , " The economy is running well and continues to run according to our expectations .
Why P&amp;G 's slogan " Experience Matters " is relevant for tech companies , how tools can be funny , and why no one ever really needs a screwdriver .
Lately I have spent a lot of time thinking about how the ' 90s were a lot about technical innovation , how the ' 00s were about social innovation and how the ' 10s will be focused on innovation in the field of " Experience " .
I think some of the most amazing companies of the coming few years will be businesses that understand how to wrap technology beautifully around human needs so that it matters to people .
In fact these insights are not new and was already well documented in Pine and Gilford 's The Experience Economy from 1999 .
It 's a bit surprising how few technology products and services actually take this into account .
If we believe that the emotions of an online user are similar to how the feel offline , then great technology will , by itself , just not be enough ; not even if it 's designed in a clean and functional way -- you will need to architect a great emotional experience for your users and then make it fit their daily flow to be a winner of tomorrow .
Here are a few things that I think that Google ( and all technology-focused companies ) could learn from Apple .
That 's not to point a finger at Google ; it is clearly an amazing company with great minds that is doing very well .
However , at a time when Google is moving into new services in which users have more options and are used to more experienced design , it might want to try to pick up a trick or two about human product experience design from the best in class on this subject :
Apple . 1 . There is a difference between good usability and a great experience
A traffic light has good usability -- but using one is n't really much of an experience .
It 's a utility that allows us to navigate quickly and safely when driving .
Many tech companies thrive on making Websites that allow users to figure out easily what to do on a site .
It 's a tendency to have a big focus on clean and functional navigation , and , done really well ( as on google.com , ) it also becomes a great experience .
However , most often , experience is far broader than just clean usability .
It includes navigation , a visual look , the language used , the movement , the system 's attitude toward users , the flow and so on .
It all adds up to the feeling users have when they enter a site or service .
What is important is that there is no such thing as a " non-branded " services .
A user can not have a " non - experience " .
This digital packaging is important , in the same way that a car with an innovative engine needs a great body to match it .
What Apple has managed to do is to add a great and , importantly , consistent experience around even their most nerdy innovations and services .
Apple has managed to add a strong design attitude and a personality to its product development .
2 . A tool does n't have to be boring
Now , some argue that certain services just need to be tools : pure utilities with none of the fluff .
While I agree that some cases call for minimal experience design , I can't really think of any reason why you would n't always try to put a bit of an experience into your product .
Even something that needs to be very professional can still have a bit of attitude .
Take the example from earlier , about a traffic light :
lately , I have seen traffic lights in Denmark appear with nicer iconography , nicer use of the nuances of lights , informative countdowns to when the light will change , and so on .
It 's still a great utility , but now also a better experience .
The same goes for my funny new South Part voices made for my TOMTOM GPS navigation systems .
Reeves and Nass ' classic book , The Media Equation , demonstrates very nicely that every time a person interacts with anything , emotions are evoked for them .
The book claims that people interact with computers as if the computer were a person .
In that perspective , when working on a new service , Googlers should perhaps ask themselves , what if our service was a person ?
What would that person be like ?
Would it be the nice , all-knowing , friendly guy next to you , helping with an IT problem , or the factual IT manager who solves your problem remotely with no interaction ?
The solution / utility is the same ; the experience is different .
3 . No-one needs a screwdriver
Most smart tech entrepreneurs I meet are in the process of making either scalable platforms or generic tools .
The thinking is that if you can make a great solution for one problem , you can often make that into a scalable solution for many problems .
This makes perfect sense from a business and from an engineering point of view .
The problem here is that people do n't feel they need tools ; they need solutions to problems in their life .
People never lack a screwdriver ; they need to hang a painting on the wall .
However , if you focus in on an amazing tool you just created , then you will naturally construct a narrative around the tool 's features .
Not only that , you might even stare yourself blind at all the things that the tool could be used for .
Need to open a can of beer ?
No problem , the screwdriver can do that ..
What Apple has managed to do is to package their products around the user 's needs , not around all the features of the tool itself .
Sometimes they even package the same tool into various products / solutions for their users .
In that respect , it is very interesting to see how differently Apple and Google have presented their phone operating systems .
Here are the two videos :
I 'll leave it to you to guess who I think focuses on the utility and who focuses on experience . ( One of them might even be a bit over the top :)
In a cold-seep community a third of a mile down in the Gulf of Mexico ,
the orange mat in the foreground is a colony of microbes that live on oil and gas seeping up from the seabed , starting a complex food chain that results in a dark ecosystem .
In the background are tubeworms , which can grow eight feet long and live for centuries .
Near the tubeworms are snail and clam shells , which appear to be empty .
A group of tubeworms more than a mile down in the Gulf .
Blind shrimp roam across the worms , looking for food .
A close-up of a new species of tubeworm .
Its body holds colonies of microbes that live off hydrogen sulfide -- a highly toxic chemical for land animals that has the odor of rotten eggs -- and supply the tubeworm with energy .
The blue stain atop the creature is a dye that scientists applied to gauge the animal 's growth .
The tubeworm was photographed at a cold seep nearly a mile down .
A third of a mile down , diverse creatures live atop a cold seep .
The community contains old tubeworms ( center ) surrounded by late comers , including branching corals , a crab , and brittle stars , whose thick arms look like worms .
This varied community illustrates a latter stage in the development of the dark ecosystem .
The microbes - which live off oil and gas bubbling up from the seabed , becoming the first links of long food chains - also form a crust on the normally gooey seabed .
The hard crust offers attachment points for all the creatures .
The flows of oil and gas seeping up from the deep seabed , if not eaten by seabed creatures , rise to the surface .
Here , shuttle astronauts photographed how a number of Gulf seeps resulted in oil streaks at the surface .
The prevailing current in the Gulf caused all the streaks , glimpsed through cloud formations , to veer off in the same general direction .
Here , corals with branching skeletons live atop a cold seep .
The corals feed on particles that float through the deep currents , as do brittle stars that have climbed up the branches to aid their hunt for particulate food .
Deep-sea mussels congregate over a cold seep .
A black coral nearly a mile down at a cold seep community .
A kind of colonial cnidarian -- an animal with stinging cells related to anemones , corals and jelly fish .
The cluster of creatures was photographed near a cold seep nearly a mile down .
An anemone photographed near a cold seep almost a mile down .
A unusual species of shrimp moves across a soft coral at a cold seep nearly a mile down .
Squat lobsters on a reef-building hard coral at a cold seep nearly a mile down .
A community of seep mussels .
Scientists have discovered that this species contains two kinds of microbes in its gills , from which it derives energy .
Small anemones and shrimp have colonized the mussel shells , which were photographed at a cold seep 1.4 miles down .
A heart urchin plows its way through sediments 1.4 miles down .
Scientists have found that this species is most often located in sediments rich in seep petrochemicals .
A purple sea cucumber .
Scientists have found such animals to be abundant around Gulf seeps located at depths deeper than a half mile .
This animal was photographed at a site 1.4 miles deep .
An unfamiliar type of orange anemone living in sediment that has signs of blackish staining from seep petrochemicals .
It was photographed at a site 1.4 miles down .
A mussel and tubeworm ( left of the mussel . ) A squat lobster and some small anemones inhabit the empty shells and crumbled carbonate rocks at a seep 1.7 miles down -- the deepest scientists have ventured in exploring the Gulf 's dark ecosystems .
What 's more important , a decision with life-long consequences , like getting married or moving ? Or a decision about what to have for lunch ?
New research finds that we might magnify a seemingly trivial decision 's importance  if we find it difficult and we spend a lot of time making it .
In the study , volunteers chose between two flight options .
One group was told the trip was long so it was important they chose the best option .
The other group was told the trip was easy , so either option was fine .
To manipulate the decision 's difficulty the researchers presented the two options either in a readable type size or in a hard-to-see tiny size .
When deciding about the tough trip , the subjects spent just as long deliberating over the easy to read options as the hard to read options .
But for the unimportant decision , participants spent significantly more time with the hard-to-read option .
In fact this group spent even more time than either of the groups faced with the important decision .
And this extra time and effort led subjects to believe the decision was important , despite being told it was an easy trip and so an easy decision .
The study will be published in the Journal of Consumer Research .
So time equals difficulty , which then translates into importance , which leads to even more time spent deciding .
The researchers call this predicament " decision quicksand " .
Speaking of which , I think I 'll have the BLT . Or maybe the chicken salad .
Then again , the burger looks good  Christie Nicholson
Written by Audrey Watters / June 21 , 2010 5:50 PM
This post is part of our ReadWriteStart channel , which is a resource and guide for first-time entrepreneurs and startups .
The channel is sponsored by Microsoft BizSpark .
To sign up for BizSpark , click here .
Last week on his blog , Ben Horowitz of Andreessen Horowitz diagnosed " Second Startup Syndrome , " a condition that many successful entrepreneurs often suffer from .
Second Startup Syndrome , says Horowitz , can derail entrepreneurs as they move from one successful startup to founding their next company .
Second Startup Syndrome places too much emphasis on business models and not enough on developing the core product , says Horowitz .
The company glosses over important details " assuming that what worked the first time will automagically work the second time " .
But even without suffering from Second Startup Syndrome , a second startup can simply fail to get off the ground .
Markets , technologies can quickly change .
Past Results Not Indicative of Future Performance Such was the case with Jeff Ready 's company Volt Capital .
Ready had planned for Volt Capital to take advantage of some of the natural language processing technology of his past company Corvigo , a successful anti-spam service that he 'd just founded and sold .
Volt Capital was designed to be a hedge fund , utilizing some of the AI expertise to analyze the stock market .
But due to a combination of factors - even before the economy took a nosedive - Volt Capital never got off the ground .
Ready was stuck with a major technology investment that he used to successful launch his most recent company , Scale Computing , a data storage vendor .
Volt Capital had built a supercomputer in order to store and process the information it would receive daily from the markets -- around 40-60 GB per day .
At first , says Ready , he and his business partners thought they would use this hardware to start a virtualization service .
After all , VMWare had just gone public and it seemed a good market .
But as Ready started to do some research , he found that he 'd be better off working to address a storage , rather than a virtualization , solution .
Listen and Learn Although it 's easier , perhaps , to learn from a mistake , Ready says it 's just as important for entrepreneurs to learn from their successes as well .
You cannot simply assume that because something worked in one company that it will transfer to another .
Evolve your idea " before you write a line of code " , urges Ready .
He stresses the importance of doing the right research before your engineers get to work .
And while plenty can be found via Google , sometimes it 's best to go to people directly .
" Cold calling " , recommends Ready , who picked up the phone himself and surveyed a variety of businesses in order to gauge where to develop his next business .
It sounds intimidating , perhaps , but these are n't sales calls .
You 're asking for advice , says Ready , and you can earnestly tell the recipient of your call that it 'll be " the most interesting phone conversation you have that day " .
These phone conversations can provide you with a good glimpse into the direction of the industry and into the minds of your potential customers .
The conversations can provide powerful anecdotes when you make pitches to investors , adds Ready .
And these people make great call-backs when you can offer them beta access to your new product or service .
The approach that Ready took with forging the direction for Scale Computing placed a lot of value on being " genuine , candid , and useful " .
It seems as though these qualities might be good antidotes to Second Startup Syndrome .
Bill Gates ' very full life after Microsoft
How does the world 's most famous entrepreneur now fill his days ?
Saving the world , helping startups -- and dropping kids off at school .
When Bill Gates formally stepped away from an active role at Microsoft ( MSFT ) in July of 2008 , he also hung up his golf clubs .
His explanation was as simple as it was revealing :
" It takes up too much time to get any good at it " .
So much for anything resembling a typical retirement for Mr. Gates .
We should have known , of course , that for him the term is a mere euphemism .
This is a guy with an extraordinary capacity for work , a man who used to sleep under his desk rather than lose a minute away from the office while building Microsoft into a software juggernaut .
Although Gates remains its non-executive chairman , Microsoft almost seems like an afterthought nowadays .
Gates is busy with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , which fights scourges like malaria , rotavirus , and HIV / AIDS .
But he also is evolving into something of a techno-activist , using his money and his clout and his celebrated smarts to help accelerate innovation in a wide array of fields from agriculture , to banking , to education , to sanitation , to carbon-free energy sources and geo-engineering techniques that could reverse global warming .
He recently started a personal website called thegatesnotes.com that catalogs his many activities and interests , and offers up his opinions on innovations and issues of the day .
And you can read his tweets on Twitter
Another key activity is attending " invention sessions " every few weeks at the laboratories of Intellectual Ventures , an unusual skunkworks started by another old pal , Nathan Myhrvold , who formerly headed Microsoft 's R&amp;D .
( Gates recently ponied up for a state-of-the-art supercomputer in return for IV 's help with some scientific research for his foundation ) .
And judging from the library carts full of books in his new office , his intellectual curiosity , if anything , has broadened .
Now the celebrated college dropout has time to indulge it as never before .
" I 'm averaging about five books a week " , Gates says matter-of-factly , albeit acknowledging that in a perfect world he would surely read more .
Using the bully pulpit Indeed , Gates ' notion of an " active " retirement is far more ambitious than most people 's careers .
After all , he 's only 54 years old , and he still has an enormous fortune estimated at $ 50 billion to manage , even after pouring tens of billions of dollars into the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
Apart from his role as co-chair of the foundation and his side-gig at Microsoft , he also joined the board of Berkshire Hathaway ( BKRA ) at the behest of buddy Warren Buffett .
And as he has adapted to his new , post - Microsoft routines , he has more aggressively used the bully pulpit of being both the world 's most celebrated entrepreneur and its most generous philanthropist to influence the world in new ways .
He 's always had the ear of the business world , but now he frequently meets with heads of state to lobby for more humanitarian aid for the developing world , and he visits CEOs to urge them to consider ways to serve customers there .
" Because of all of his connections in business and technology and philanthropy , and his raw intellect , Bill brings an integrated , futuristic view of the world " , says Jeff Raikes , a former Microsoft executive who became the CEO of the foundation at about the same time Gates retired .
" One day he 's meeting with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi about not pulling back on foreign aid ,
and the next day he 's meeting with scientists at the Seattle Biomedical Research Institute to talk about progress on an AIDS vaccine ,
and the next day he 's meeting with Arne Duncan the U.S. Secretary of Education on how we 'd like to recognize and reward good teachers .
He really has a big picture view that is unique " .
Creative capitalism , compassionate philanthropy Here 's how Gates describes his activities :
" Everything I do has sort of a common theme , which is ' How do you organize innovation to have impact ?
How do you facilitate the innovation , get the right group of people together , get the right resources , and have it have this impact on a large scale ? '
And innovation , in my case , has some type of science or software programming or online information component .
I want to help cut years off of how long it takes to solve these problems " .
He has a term to describe the philosophy of his approach : creative capitalism .
Like his own interests , creative capitalism has several dimensions , but in a nutshell , he defines it as striving to identify opportunities or challenges that technology could address , where a well-placed push will help jump-start market forces that will sustain them economically .
As an entrepreneur , he knows first-hand how enormous new markets can be created out of thin air , especially adjacent to existing ones .
As a philanthropist , however , he is more pragmatic , especially when it comes to developing medicines and other products and services for the world 's poor .
And so even though Gates is voraciously curious and fearless in his ambitions , he knows his foundation has to carefully pick its challenges and stubbornly pursue them , rather than dabble on the fringe of areas that traditional markets might serve .
You wo n't see the foundation fund energy research , for example , but you will see it try to find ways to use cell phone networks to deliver rudimentary banking services in remote areas .
Sometimes Gates ' entrepreneurial and philanthropic worlds happily collide , especially through his involvement with Myhrvold 's Intellectual Ventures , whose staff scientists conduct unusual research projects on behalf of the Gates Foundation , often with the aim of coming up with imaginative inventions to address practical difficulties in the developing world .
One example is a hand-crank-operated milk-pasteurizer that needs no external source of electricity to process raw milk , one cow at a time .
Another is a super-efficient thermos bottle for preserving and safely dispensing perishable refrigerated vaccinations for long periods of time far from the grid .
And then there 's Myhrvold 's favorite -- a laser mosquito zapper that can tell the difference between males , which are n't carriers of malaria , and females , which are .
Playing " bad cop " to Nathan Myhrvold 's " good cop " These ideas are the product of periodic " global - good invention sessions " -- basically all-day brainstorming meetings -- some of which IV holds expressly for the Foundation .
Anyone sitting in on one of these sessions immediately notices how Myhrvold and Gates use a good cop / bad cop version of the Socratic method as they preside over them .
Myhrvold 's imagination tends to run wild with possibilities , encouraging the dozen or so scientists in attendance to think " around corners " , while Gates provides the cold-water splash of the realities of business , or of the daunting scope of the problems and the simultaneous need to move quickly .
At recent session Myhrvold and the Foundation assembled a group to explore the possibilities of developing a special kind of imprinted blotter paper the size of a postage stamp that can be used to collect traces blood , saliva , and urine on a single sample for blood typing , and to detect genetic markers in DNA for the predisposition toward certain disease , etc .
Such tests could be administered just about anywhere and would have the potential to save millions of lives .
Gates also participates in what IV calls Invention Science Fund ( ISF ) sessions .
These are similar brainstorming meetings in which Myhrvold invites a select group of scientists and specialists mainly from academia , and sometimes some actual basement inventors with radical ideas about a particular technology or issue .
Unlike the " global - good " sessions , these are intended to result in innovations with rich commercial potential .
They 're funded by a small group of investors like Gates who allow IV to underwrite research of its choosing .
In that sense , it is like a very early stage venture capital fund , but the goal is to find ideas that could be turned into patentable inventions that an existing company might want to acquire , and the original investors and inventors would split the proceeds .
" We have an explicit strategy to swing for the fences . We try to do those punctuated equilibrium things " , Myhrvold explains , referring to transformational technologies that can change the fundamentals of an industry .
( Gates calls them " miracles ) " .
" And our basic proposition in ISF is over the course of one of our funds , we 'll do a couple thousand inventions .
And they have the property that if one of them works , it pays for everything . And if two of them work , oh my God " .
Some of the ideas sound a little far-fetched , but scientists at IV believe they can prove the efficacy of many by modeling them on the supercomputer that Gates bought for them , before going to the expense of building prototypes .
One example is the notion of spraying relatively small amounts sulfur-dioxide , a common waste material from chemical processing plants , into the polar stratosphere , by means of an eight-mile pipe made of Mylar and suspended by intermittent helium balloons that also support small , solar powered pumps .
Once it hits the stratosphere , 100 - mile - an - hour winds spread it around the globe like a thin layer of gauze that subtly reflects sunlight .
Basically , the idea is to simulate the effect of enormous volcanic eruptions , which historically have had a slight global cooling effect .
The $ 16 billion side-gig Compared to all of this , Microsoft seems to have receded in importance , at least from outward appearances .
( Gates owns some 641 million shares of the company , valued at more than $ 16 billion ) .
But Gates picks his moments to stay involved . He helped put together the engineering team that built Bing , Microsoft 's new search service that has actually picked up some market share versus Google ( GOOG ) .
He occasionally makes public appearances when the company has a special new product to show off or gives employees awards , and he is a guest at executive retreats .
He has helped Myhrvold design IV invention sessions oriented toward technologies that Microsoft might want to fund or pursue .
And , of course , he presides over meetings of the board of directors .
Asking Gates to name his favorite thing about his post - Microsoft life is sort of like asking a parent which of his three children is his favorite .
He loves different aspects pretty much equally for different reasons .
But right up there near the top is that he can share much more time with his family
A man on fire Among the biggest changes in his new life is that he can be a little more spontaneous , especially in his family life .
When he 's in town , he makes time to either drop off or pick up his three kids from school every day .
The entire family almost never misses spending Sunday evenings together , and on other nights he and Melinda have even been known to call up friends out of the blue for an impromptu cookout or card game .
That never happened before .
It 's not just that he 's around home a little more , but that he has made a commitment to play a bigger part in the lives and education of his children now that they 're older :
two are grade-schoolers , and one is in middle school .
He has become their unofficial science teacher and takes them on unusual field trips to places like a toilet-paper plant , an aircraft carrier , and even the city dump for Seattle 's East Side .
Last year the family spent an extended period of time as a family in Europe , so their three kids could learn first-hand about the origins of western culture and visit museums and landmarks that could bring history to life .
Just as importantly , he is able to work more closely now with his wife , Melinda , at the Foundation .
" We 've always been peers in raising the kids together , which is a huge project " , Gates says . " But at Microsoft , we were n't really professional peers .
She understood some of my challenges because she had a perspective for it , but we were n't peers .
Now we have the foundation work where we are real peers , and that 's a wonderful thing " .
Melinda Gates says she 's never seen her husband more energized .
" He 's on fire " , he says .
" I wondered about how purposeful he would be , because at first when you retire there 's this backlog of friends who want to see you for this or that , and I wondered , ' Oh my gosh , is this a good use of his time ? '
But once he cleared some of that out , he was very thoughtful about what he really wants to do " .
World Refugee Day 2012
Today marks World Refugee Day , which the United Nations uses to raise awareness of the plight of the estimated 42 million displaced people worldwide .
A UN report released this week showed that 800,000 people were forced to flee across borders last year -- more than any time since 2000 .
In a message to mark the day , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said , " Refugees leave because they have no choice . We must choose to help " .
( 30 photos total ) A Myanmar ethnic Rohingya child preparing for a midday prayer on April 23 inside a community school in Klang , a port town 30 kilometres west of Kuala Lumpur .
Malaysia is observing World Refugee Day along with other countries of the world , there are over 98,000 refugees and asylum-seekers registered with UNHCR in Malaysia .
2 Afghan refugee children gather in an alley of a slum on the outskirts of Islamabad , Pakistan on June 5 .
3 A Rohingya Muslim baby rests in a swing at an unauthorized camp that houses Rohingya Muslim refugees who fled Myanmar during an ethnic strife in 1992 , in Kutupalong , Bangladesh on World Refugee Day June 20 .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
4 Mothers hold their babies as they wait for medicine at the SMRU hospital inside the Mae La refugee camp on June 6 in Tak province , Thailand .
The camp is situated along the Burma - Thailand border and is home to around 50,000 refugees .
Mae La is the largest of nine camps along the Thai border where the Burmese live in a stateless limbo for many years .
Aung San Suu Kyi recently visited the camp during her first visit to Thailand in 24 years .
She spoke briefly assuring that she would strive to bring about positive change and more cooperation from Thai authorities .
5 Rohingyas from Myanmar sit on a jetty by the river Naf after being arrested by Border Guards of Bangladesh ( BGB ) while trying to get into Bangladesh , in Teknaf on June 18 .
An unknown number of people fleeing sectarian violence in Myanmar 's Rakhine region are adrift in boats on the Naf River and some have been turned back by Bangladeshi border authorities , according to the United Nations refugee agency .
6 Busloads of people from Sudan 's Blue Nile state arrive at Yusuf Batil new refugee camp in South Sudan 's Upper Nile state , that is now home to over 100,000 refugees on June 14 .
The UN 's refugee agency ( UNHCR ) are racing to transport tens of thousands of people to this new site , while more are expected to cross over in the coming weeks and permanent camps lack sufficient water .
Aid agencies are faced with the task of helping more than 150,000 people , essentially those who have fled south to escape hunger and bombing in Sudan 's troubled border states .
7 An Afghan girl waits with her family to return to Afghanistan from a United Nations funded repatriation center on the outskirts of Peshawar on June 20 .
More than 5.7 million Afghans have returned home in the last decade following the United States led invasion and they constitute nearly a quarter of the population , according to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR . )
But fewer than 70,000 went back last year , against 112,600 in 2010 , it said .
Afghans also constituted the large number of asylum seekers in the West last year , lodging 35,700 requests .
Pakistan , which is home to 2 million Afghan refugees , said foreign assistance for them had shrunk over the years while countries hosting them still bore a heavy burden .
8 Syrian - Kurdish children walk in the Domiz refugee camp , 20 km south-east of Dohuk city , which hosts refugees of all stripes , from soldiers who did not want to kill their countrymen to people trying to escape the violence across the border in Kurdistan in northern Iraq .
The United Nations says over 86,000 Syrians have fled to surrounding countries to escape a brutal crackdown by President Bashar al-Assad 's regime on an uprising against his rule , though only some 5,400 have ended up in Iraq .
9 Syrian refugees walk in the Kilis refugee camp on June 20 near the Syrian border .
Refugee camps in the southeastern provinces of Hatay , Gaziantep , Sanliurfa and Kilis shelter nearly 31,000 Syrians , a number that surged after a recent escalation of violence in Syria , particularly in northwestern towns near the Turkish border .
10 A refugee from Blue Nile cooks for her family in Yusuf Batil , Upper Nile State , South Sudan on June 20 .
Almost 20,000 refugees have been relocated in this camp because of the progressive deterioration of the situation in the camps where they had settled at first , where access to necessities like water was harder due to the overpopulation of the sites .
11 Rohingya Muslim children study at an unauthorized camp that houses Rohingya Muslim refugees who fled Myanmar during an ethnic strife in 1992 , in Kutupalong , Bangladesh on World Refugee Day , June 20 .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
12 Afghan refugees sit at the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) registration center on the outskirts of Jalalabad , east of Kabul , Afghanistan , on June 20 as they prepare to return to their home country after fleeing civil war and Taliban rule .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
13 An Afghan refugee woman walks at the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees registration center on the outskirts of Jalalabad , east of Kabul , Afghanistan on June 20 as they prepare to return to their home country after fleeing civil war and Taliban rule .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide .
14 Sangmo , 50 , combs a young girl 's hair at a Tibetan refugee camp on June 17 in Katmandu , Nepal .
The camp , which houses around 350 Tibetans who have crossed the border into Nepal from Tibet , was set up in 1960 under the initiative of the International Red Cross and the Swiss Development Corporation .
15 A young Rohingya Muslim boy sits at the entrance to his home at an unauthorized camp that houses Rohingya Muslim refugees who fled Myanmar during an ethnic strife in 1992 , in Kutupalong , Bangladesh on World Refugee Day .
16 An exiled Tibetan watches television as a portrait of Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama is seen at a small Tibetan colony in New Delhi , India on June 20 .
17 A protester holds a banner reading ' Thank you for hosting us ' during a demonstration in the city of Cape Town , South Africa on June 20 .
Protesters took to the streets to mark World Refugee Day and protest against the closure of the refugee reception office in Cape Town .
18 A Tibetan man holds an umbrella in the shape of Tibetan flag inside a Tibetan refugee camp in Katmandu , Nepal .
The camp , which houses around 350 Tibetans who have crossed the border into Nepal from Tibet , was set up in 1960 under the initiative of the International Red Cross and the Swiss Development Corporation .
19 Choe-den , 75 , who fled Tibet 35 years ago , works in the Tibetan Handicraft Center , at a Tibetan refugee camp , in Katmandu , Nepal .
The camp , which houses around 350 Tibetans who have crossed the border into Nepal from Tibet , was set up in 1960 under the initiative of the International Red Cross and the Swiss Development Corporation .
20 Afghan refugee youth are silhouetted against the sunset as they gather at a slum on World Refugee Day on the outskirts of Islamabad , Pakistan .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
21 Palestinian refugees , stand next to a garbage container set on fire by angry Palestinians at their refugee camp of Ein el-Hilweh , in the southern port city of Sidon , Lebanon on June 19 .
Residents of the camp are protesting after clashes broke out Monday in the Nahr el-Bared camp in the north of Lebanon during the funeral of a Palestinian who was killed in a confrontation Friday .
The Lebanese army is meant to guard the perimeters of the country 's refugee camps , which mostly form impoverished ghettos .
There are about 400,000 Palestinian refugees in Lebanon .
22 Rohingya Muslim children study at an unauthorized camp that houses Rohingya Muslim refugees who fled Myanmar during an ethnic strife in 1992 , in Kutupalong , Bangladesh on World Refugee Day June 20 .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
23 Burmese monks play a game of Sepak Takraw ( kick volleyball ) at the Thirisaridar monastery inside the Mae La refugee camp on June 7 in Tak province , Thailand .
The refugee camp is situated along the Burma - Thailand border and is home to around 50,000 refugees .
Mae La is the largest of nine camps along the Thai border where the Burmese live in a stateless limbo for many years .
Aung San Suu Kyi recently visited the camp during her first visit to Thailand in 24 years .
She spoke briefly assuring that she would strive to bring about positive change and more cooperation from Thai authorities .
24 A Rohingya Muslim boy is given a bath at an unauthorized camp that houses Rohingya Muslim refugees who fled Myanmar during an ethnic strife in 1992 , in Kutupalong , Bangladesh on World Refugee Day .
25 A Tibetan boy shows his trophy on June 18 after winning a soccer match which was organized to mark the upcoming birthday of Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama inside a Tibetan refugee camp , in Katmandu , Nepal .
The camp , which houses around 350 Tibetans who have crossed the border into Nepal from Tibet , was set up in 1960 under the initiative of the International Red Cross and the Swiss Development Corporation .
The camps main objective is to enable the refugees with the necessary skills to support themselves and live productive lives .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
26 A Rohingya Muslim woman walks out of an unauthorized camp that houses Rohingya Muslim refugees who fled Myanmar during an ethnic strife in 1992 , in Kutupalong , Bangladesh , on World Refugee Day June 20 .
27 Muslims stand near their refugee camp in Sittwe , capital of Rakhine state in western Myanmar on June 15 .
The communal violence that swept through a western Myanmar state over the past week killed dozens of people .
28 Dhedoen , the oldest survivor at the camp is fed by a fellow refugee at a Tibetan refugee camp in Katmandu , Nepal .
The camp , which houses around 350 Tibetans who have crossed the border into Nepal from Tibet , was set up in 1960 under the initiative of the International Red Cross and the Swiss Development Corporation .
The camps main objective is to enable the refugees with the necessary skills to support themselves and live productive lives .
29 An Afghan refugee boy ( center ) looks on while he and others collect items of potential use from a pile of garbage , on the outskirts of Islamabad , Pakistan on June 6 .
30 Prakash Thakuri , who married a Tibetan woman , wheels his child inside a Tibetan refugee camp , in Katmandu , Nepal .
The camp , which houses around 350 Tibetans who have crossed the border into Nepal from Tibet , was set up in 1960 under the initiative of the International Red Cross and the Swiss Development Corporation .
The camps main objective is to enable the refugees with the necessary skills to support themselves and live productive lives .
World Refugee Day , a day initiated by the United Nations to raise awareness on the plight of refugees worldwide , is observed on June 20 every year .
Paralysed patients could benefit from robotic aids
Patients with spinal cord injuries could one day move paralysed parts of their bodies with a wearable robotic device controlled by a wireless chip implanted in the brain .
The technology is being developed through a  1m government-sponsored research programme involving academics from Leicester University , Newcastle University and Imperial College London .
Rodrigo Quian Quiroga , the principal investigator of the Leicester University group , said that the challenge will be to develop a tiny chip packed with hundreds of electrodes for recording neuron activity in the brain plus data processing capabilities and a wireless transmitter for sending signals outside a patient 's skull .
The battery-powered chip would , essentially , decode a person 's thoughts , which are represented in the brain as a pattern of neuron activity .
As Quian Quiroga explained , a patient with a spinal cord injury may lose the ability to move his or her arm , for example , but there is nothing wrong with the person 's brain . '
The guy can see the object he wants to reach , the guy can have the intention to reach to the object , the brain can send a command to the arm  " Reach for this cup of tea "  but the signal gets broken at the level of the spinal cord ' , he said . '
If we can get the signals from these neurons and interpret them with what is called decoding algorithms , then we can move a robot device placed on the paralysed arm ' , added Quian Quiroga .
It sounds far fetched , but , according to Quian Quiroga , the technology to do this is already available .
Research groups around the world have demonstrated these sorts of implantable chips in the brains of monkeys , he said .
The difference is that the information is not wirelessly transmitted outside the skull .
Instead , the chip is attached to a cable , which sticks out of a hole drilled through the skull .
Quian Quiroga said : ' It 's not just an aesthetical issue ; it 's also a hygienic issue
because if you have a cable , this means you have a hole in the skull and this means you have more risk for infection .
The bottleneck for researchers seeking to go wireless has been bandwidth and transmission .
Just sending a signal from one electrode wirelessly requires transmitting 30,000 data points per second .
Quian Quiroga added that the problem is multiplied further when data points need to be sent from hundreds of electrodes . '
It 's a huge amount of data so the bandwidth wo n't be enough ' , he said .
' We 're trying to do some basic processing on the chip to reduce the bandwidth . So instead of 30,000 data points per second , maybe we 'll be sending 100 data points per second or 1,000 . '
Dr Andrew Jackson , the principal investigator of the Newcastle University group , said there could be other applications for their chip implant and envisioned a possibility where a robotic device would not even be necessary to move paralysed parts of the body .
He suggested an idea that would artificially replace the damaged connection between the motor cortex , which is the area of the brain that controls movement , and motor neurons in the spinal cord .
The chip would collect neuron activity in the motor cortex , process the data and send signals either through wires under the skin or short range wireless transmission to an implanted stimulator in the spinal cord .
This stimulator would be directed to generate electrical impulses to move paralysed limbs .
Dr Jackson said the concept is similar to deep brain stimulation , which has proven to have therapeutic benefits for patient 's suffering from conditions such as Parkinson 's disease .
It could be a long while before electrical stimulation is used in spinal cord injuries ,
but Quian Quiroga sees the idea of a brain implant controlling an external robotic device as a potential solution in the near future .
With successful animal trials , he said the technology could be used to benefit patients within five years .
Five Ridiculous ( ly Awesome ) iPad Mods
The iPad is , of course , a creation of profound innovation in removing the keyboard from a netbook and demanding twice as much for it .
We kid , of course .
The iPad is a powerful and unique tool that proves Apple knows its way around consumer hardware , and also more importantly gives nerds more stuff to play with .
Despite only being around for three months already it 's been used ( and abused ) to create some sublime ( and ridiculous ) creations . Here are our five favorites :
5 ) The iPad Car Mount There are several of these out there , but since they 're all pretty much the same , we thought we 'd go for the cheap one .
We can see why people would want this , being as the iPad has a bigger screen , not to mention a maps application that in no way different from the maps application on any smart phone you happen to own , or is any better than a GPS .
But we 're kind of worried about the implications of what else you can do with the iPad .
What 's stopping the driver from , say , playing a quick game while at a stop light , and missing a green ?
Or playing in the parking lot ?
Or playing on the highway at seventy-five miles an hour ?
Yeah , we 're a LITTLE concerned .
4 ) The iPad Guitar This has to be the most hilariously awkward YouTube video we 've seen today , but the technology is pretty sound , at least .
Meet the " iTar , " which we 're just going to go ahead and keep calling the iPad Guitar .
Granted , making music with your Apple device is absolutely nothing new , with guitar and piano apps available on the iPhone pretty much right from the start .
But this takes it to a new level .
Unfortunately , that new level seems to be using the iPad as a mixer/central system instead of using it to shred , which is how something called the iPad Guitar should be used .
Come on , man , enough of the house music !
Let 's hear some " Enter Sandman " !
3 ) The Macintosh Classic iPad Stand The main problem with the iPad , beyond being a netbook without a keyboard , is standing it up to use as a normal computer .
There are many elegant , simple , useful stands .
This , as you might have gathered , is not one of those stands .
Granted , there 's not much you can do with a Mac Classic these days , aside from gut it and use the case for some other purpose to demonstrate your nerd cred , but is n't this taking it just a little too far ?
What are you going to do , lug this around all the time ?
It 's just not practical .
That said , we 're jealous and we want one badly .
2 ) The iPad With Legs
Since we ca n't seem to find an actual picture of this disturbing ( yet cute ) !
monstrosity , here 's a video of a Japanese guy inventing a self-rising stand , and immediately ruining it by attaching googly eyes and making it walk .
We 're just baffled that nobody explained to him that a self rising stand for the iPad would make him disgustingly rich .
1 ) The iPad Apple IIe Cassette Drive For those unfamiliar , the Apple IIe is an outdated but much beloved computer that , like a lot of old computers , actually used cassettes as software . Which is pretty neat , but thank God for downloads , you know ?
Luckily , three decades later , after endless advances in computers , you can use your $ 500 iPad to put programs on a computer you can get for ten bucks off of eBay .
Wow , that 's useful !
Does it run DOS too ?
One of the fundamental truths of software development is that you have to write code , but one of the biggest fallacies is the idea that writing code is your job .
When I first started out as a software developer ,
I fell into that trap , writing code is a powerful thing , its empowering , you feel like you are productive and you are accomplishing things .
However , what I have learned over the years is the real truth of the matter .
The truth that the job of a software developer is to write as little code as possible .
Now , do n't get me wrong , we should not be getting ourselves into code golf situations where we are compacting code and saving keystrokes to the point where the code you produce is no longer understandable .
When you think about it though the fact that most of your time will be maintaining the terrible code you wrote , writing less code and not creating more work for yourself will start to look like an exceptionally good idea .
Why ?
Look around , look at your tools , look at the framework you likely use to produce that thing you work on .
Everything you do , all the tools you use , everything is trying make you write less code .
Your tools are trying to make you less error prone , and abstracting away the things that will cause you trouble down the road .
So why should you write less code ?
When I said earlier that your job was to write less code , I was fibbing a little bit .
Really your job is to think , your job is to think about the problem at hand , devise an elegant solution and then turn that solution into software .
One of the byproducts of creating software is that you have to write code to solve problems .
Code is a by-product Code is n't that important .
We love to convince ourselves that it is because as we actually start executing and turning our solutions into software , it seems like writing code is both a means and an end unto itself .
We talk about our editors , we talk about our language of choice and we talk about our environments .
I do it , you do it , we all do it .
There is no shame in enjoying the craft of the work you do . The trick is to stay focused .
Code is awesome , but it 's also the enemy , it takes time to write , it can be fragile , it can be unclear and not particularly robust .
This is why I stick with the mantra " Write less code . "
Whenever I feel like something is getting bigger than it should be or more complicated than it should be , I say " Write less code . "
Whenever I write so much code that it gets hard to keep it in context , I refactor , I clean it up , all the while , thinking about " Write less code . "
As much as it pains me to say , sometimes there is no way to get around writing a bunch of code , but if you ca n't be concise , be clear .
Writing less code is writing clean code . Writing less code is also about writing clear code .
When you are economical with the code you write the purpose of your code becomes clear .
So , what 's the lesson here ?
Most importantly I think the lesson here is that code is a by-product , it 's an unavoidable thing that you generate in the process of doing your job .
So think more , refactor more , remove some old code and write less new code , do yourself a favor and start this today .
Yesterday , Utah 's Attorney General , Mark Shurtleff , used his Twitter account , to notify the world that he had OK-ed the execution of a prisoner .
" I just gave the go ahead to Corrections Director to proceed with Gardner 's execution .
May God grant him the mercy he denied his victims " .
The Tweet elicited some shock and moral outrage .
Any shock I initially felt was , I think , more due to this announcement being made via a medium better known for less life-altering announcements , like personal lunch menus and the unboxing of electronics .
The issue here is less one of the capital punishment 's morality and more the way this public servant chose to use the service .
The tone of Attorney General Shutleff 's subsequent Tweets seem strident and unprofessional .
All other things being equal , that is any Twitter user 's right . But not if you are representing your government , your state and its people .
Then , it strikes a terribly discordant note , as the Tweets below might illustrate .
The first Tweet comes off flippant and the second angry .
Neither is appropriate when juxtaposed with the murder of one man - a police officer - and the execution of another .
Amazing Starling Flocks Are Flying Avalanches By Brandon Keim June 16 , 2010 | 4 : 17 pm
Animals , Physics To watch the uncanny synchronization of a starling flock in flight is to wonder if the birds are n't actually a single entity , governed by something beyond the usual rules of biology . New research suggests that 's true .
Mathematical analysis of flock dynamics show how each starling 's movement is influenced by every other starling , and vice versa .
It does n't matter how large a flock is , or if two birds are on opposite sides .
It 's as if every individual is connected to the same network .
That phenomenon is known as scale-free correlation , and transcends biology .
The closest fit to equations describing starling flock patterns come from the literature of " criticality " , of crystal formation and avalanches  systems poised on the brink , capable of near - instantaneous transformation .
In starlings , " being critical is a way for the system to be always ready to optimally respond to an external perturbation , such as predator attack " , wrote researchers led by University of Rome theoretical physicist Giorgio Parisi in a June 14 Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences paper .
Parisi 's team recorded starling flocks on the outskirts of Rome . Some had just over 100 birds , and others more than 4,000 .
Regardless of size , the correlations of a bird 's orientation and velocity with the other birds ' orientation and velocity did n't vary .
If any one bird turned and changed speed , so would all the others .
In particle physics , synchronized orientation is found in systems with " low noise " , in which signals are transmitted without degrading .
But low noise is n't enough to produce synchronized speeds , which are found in critical systems .
The researchers give the example of ferromagnetism , where particles in a magnet exhibit perfect interconnection at a precise , " critical " temperature .
" More analysis is necessary to prove this definitively , but our results suggest " that starling flocks are a critical system , said study co-author Irene Giardina , also a University of Rome physicist .
According to the researchers , the " most surprising and exotic feature " of the flocks was their near-instantaneous signal-processing speed .
" How starlings achieve such a strong correlation remains a mystery to us " , they wrote .
The Federal Reserve extends Operation Twist Jun 23rd 2012 | WASHINGTON , DC | from the print edition THE Federal Reserve can not be accused of sitting on its hands .
On June 20th it announced its seventh installment of unconventional monetary policy since running out of orthodox ammunition in late 2008 , when short-term interest rates fell , in effect , to zero .
In its latest salvo , the Fed said it would purchase $ 267 billion of long-term bonds by the end of the year , paid for from the proceeds of sales of short-term bonds in its portfolio .
The move extends a programme , nicknamed Operation Twist , announced last autumn and due to expire this month , under which the Fed has swapped $ 400 billion of short-term bonds for long-term ones .
Previous initiatives have included purchasing bonds with newly created money ( " quantitative easing , " or QE , ) reinvesting the proceeds of maturing bonds , and verbally committing to keeping rates near zero for ever longer periods .
All are designed to drag long-term interest rates down in the hope of stimulating demand .
Like its predecessors , this latest round of monetary easing was motivated by the economy's failure to grow as quickly as the Fed had forecast .
Members of the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC , ) the Fed 's main policymaking body , now expect growth of between 1.9% and 2.4% this year , down sharply from their April forecast of growth between 2.4% and 2.9%.
This time a year ago , FOMC members were expecting growth of about 3.5% in 2012 .
They also downgraded their outlook for the next two years .
They expect almost no improvement in unemployment , now 8.2% in 2013 .
And although the Fed set an inflation target of 2% in January , many Fed officials apparently expect to undershoot it between now and 2014 . 
The big question , given these downbeat forecasts , is why the Fed has not acted even more aggressively .
The pessimistic answer is that it can not do more .
In theory , QE allows unlimited purchases of debt , of many different flavours .
But Ben Bernanke , the Fed chairman , frets over the risks of doing so : a bigger balance-sheet that is harder to shrink later ; impaired markets ; and financial instability , a euphemism for bubbles .
What the Fed would really like , he said , is for Europe to fix its crisis and America 's politicians to avoid the " fiscal cliff , " the near-simultaneous squeeze of tax increases and spending cuts programmed to occur at year-end .
A more optimistic answer is that , before long , the Fed will do more .
Mr Bernanke promised the Fed will act if needed .
At present , it is trying to sort through the economic data to figure out how much of the recent weakening in America 's economy is real , rather than a statistical fluke .
It is also awaiting the outcome of events in Europe .
Sadly , developments on both sides of the Atlantic seem likely to lead to more action .
What form would such action take ?
By the end of the year , when the Fed has sold the last of its short-term bonds , Operation Twist will have reached its limit .
That suggests QE would be the favoured option , particularly if the Fed can wait until the election campaign is over and act without being accused of helping one candidate or another .
If the economy really appears to be heading over the fiscal cliff , the Fed will not want to worsen the impact by holding back a monetary cushion .
When Love Beckons You When love beckons to you , follow him , though his ways are hard and steep .
And when his wings enfold you , yield to him , though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you .
And when he speaks to you , believe in him , though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden .
For even as love crowns you so shall he crucify you .
Even as he is for your growth so is he for your pruning .
Even as he ascends to your height and caresses your tenderest branches that quiver in the sun , so shall he descend to our roots and shake them in their clinging to the earth .
But if , in your fear , you would seek only love 's peace and love 's pleasure , then it is better for you that you cover your nakedness and pass out of love 's threshing-floor , into the seasonless world where you shall laugh , but not all of your laughter , and weep , but not all of your tears .
Love gives naught but itself and takes naught but from itself .
Love possesses not , nor would it be possessed , for love is sufficient unto love .
Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself .
But if you love and must have desires , let these be your desires :
To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night .
To know the pain of too much tenderness .
To be wounded by your own understanding of love ;
And to bleed willingly and joyfully .
To wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving ;
To rest at the noon hour and meditate love 's ecstasy ;
To return home at eventide with gratitude ;
And then to sleep with a payer for the beloved in your heart and a song of praise upon your lips .
As Apple 's CEO introduces his new iPhone today , and its market cap passes Microsoft 's , the man who infamously fired him , John Sculley , tells The Daily Beast 's Thomas E . Weber about his regrets , their rift  and how their partnership could have worked : Jobs should have been CEO , and Sculley 's boss , rather than the other way around .
It was the spring of 1985 , and the board of Apple Computer decided it no longer needed the services of Steven Jobs .
Fate had a doozy in store for the men  and they were all men  who dumped the famously combative Jobs . The upstart they fired eclipsed them by many magnitudes ,
as emphasized two weeks ago when Apple passed Microsoft to become the most valuable technology company in the world .
The key antagonist in the tech world 's biggest soap opera of a quarter-century ago : John Sculley , the Pepsi executive whom Apple 's board brought in as CEO to oversee Jobs and grow the company  similar to Eric Schmidt 's role with Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin  in 1983 .
A marketing whiz who had invented the " Pepsi Challenge " campaign , Sculley wrestled with low Macintosh sales and a need to bring some order to the creative chaos Jobs had unleashed .
Sculley found that he couldn't rein in Jobs  and decided he had to go .
Today , Sculley credits Jobs for everything Apple has accomplished and still laments the way things turned out . " I have n't spoken to Steve in 20-odd years " , Sculley tells The Daily Beast . " Even though he still does n't speak to me , and I expect he never will , I have tremendous admiration for him " .
Twenty-five years later , of course , canning Jobs seems like obvious folly . Restored to the helm of a floundering Apple in 1997 , Jobs is now the most respected CEO on the planet  he took to the stage Monday at the exclusive Apple Worldwide Developers Conference , where he unveiled the latest iPhone to adoring fans .
Products that Jobs has championedthe iPhone , iPod , and now the iPad  are remaking entire industries .
Firing Jobs may not have been the visionary move , but it was far from condemned at the time .
Sculley clashed with Jobs , who oversaw the division that had introduced the Macintosh computer to halting sales a year earlier .
So Sculley and the board removed him from his Mac role , leaving him only a ceremonial chairmanship .
Today , the transformative role of personal technology is widely accepted , and so is the archetype of the eccentric founder whose spark is precious . Companies like Google and Facebook have strived  and thrived  by keeping their far-seeing geniuses on board .
But Apple 's board did n't have those examples to work from .
Another Apple board member at the time was Peter O . Crisp , general partner at Venrock Associates , a venture-capital outfit started by members of the Rockefeller family .
In an interview with The Daily Beast , Crisp recalled how undisciplined Jobs and the original Apple crew could be enough so that they didn't shrink at defacing the home of David Rockefeller .
Crisp describes a cocktail party Rockefeller hosted for management and bankers to celebrate Apple 's initial public offering .
He says Rockefeller told him the following day that he enjoyed the party with Jobs and other top Apple managers , but added , " Next year , ask them not to put logos on the mirrors in the lavatory " .
Some of the Apple faithful , it seems , had come armed with stickers of the company 's multicolored emblem .
Like Sculley , Crisp credits Jobs for Apple 's recent successes . " Steve came back and really took the company in the directions that it's gone in recent years with much skill " , Crisp says now .
But the ouster remains a sensitive subject and Crisp  who left Apple 's board in 1996 after serving 16 years  won't discuss it directly .
Sculley says he accepts responsibility for his role but also believes that Apple 's board should have understood that Jobs needed to be in charge .
" My sense is that it probably would never have broken down between Steve and me if we had figured out different roles " , Sculley says .
" Maybe he should have been the CEO and I should have been the president .
It should have been worked out ahead of time , and that 's one of those things you look to a really good board to do " .
Sculley now says that one of his biggest regrets is that when he found himself pushed out of the CEO job , he didn't try to recruit Jobs back to Apple . To Sculley , that could have helped Apple avoid years of floundering .
" I wish I had gone back and gotten hold of Steve and said , ' Hey , I want to go home . This is your company still . Let 's figure out a way for you to come back ' , " Sculley says .
" Why I did n't think of that , I do n't know " .
Board member Arthur Rock , a venture capitalist who helped found Intel , among other outfits , dubbed Jobs and his co-founder Steve Wozniak as " very unappealing people " in the early days .
" Jobs came into the office , as he does now , dressed in Levi's , but at that time that was n't quite the thing to do " , Rock told a little-noticed University of California , Berkeley venture-capital oral-history project .
" And I believe he had a goatee and a long hair  and he had just come back from six months in India with a guru , learning about life .
I 'm not sure , but it may have been a while since he had a bath " .
After ditching Jobs , Apple fought to show it could turn things around without its co-founder and driving visionary .
The company 's 1985 annual report is a remarkable document , beginning with a huge proclamation on its cover : " We had to take swift action . We did . And it 's working " .
Inside the report , Apple comes off as defensive , offering reproductions of faux internal memos ( " not actual memos " but " representative of actual management communications " , the report calls them . )
These pseudo - memos are shown complete with date-stamps and handwritten comments by Sculley and include another exec 's call for restructuring that included the notation " I strongly agree !
Let 's discussJohn " .
In fairness , the Gospel According to Steve resonates far more clearly today . But in 1985 , even high-tech enthusiasts were still trying to figure out what to do with " home computers " . ( Word processing and keeping a database of kitchen recipes were popular options ) .
Jobs ' dreams that personal technology could leverage our brains ' power " like a bicycle for our minds "  which drove his single-minded view of what Apple's products should be  were truly ahead of their time , and not a sufficient response to shareholders facing losses .
The board members from that era have long since parted ways with Apple , which now counts Al Gore among its directors .
Meanwhile , Jobs can bask in the afterglow of all those " Apple Now Bigger Than Microsoft " articles and a fresh wave of iPhone raves .
" Apple is in the catbird seat " , says Sculley . " The same principles Steve is so rigorous about now are the identical ones he was using then .
Now he 's a lot wiser and a better business executive " .
" My guess " , Sculley adds , " is that Apple won't just pass Microsoft in market capitalization , but will go way beyond it " .
Rich countries led by Russia , Australia and the EU have been accused of trying to cheat their way out of reducing their greenhouse gas emissions by creating " dishonest " forestry accounting loopholes .
By seeking to change the rules that govern the offsetting of emissions from planting trees and ignoring those that are created by felling them , these nations would give the impression that they were acting to prevent climate change
but a growing number of developing countries and environmental groups say that in reality they would be undermining genuine cuts The row surfaced at the resumption of the UN climate negotiations in Bonn this week , but today became a major point of contention between rich and poor nations .
Diplomats from the G77 , the Africa group of countries , Pacific islands like Tuvalu and the coalition of rainforest countries all demanded that the rich nations ( so-called Annex 1 nations ) make absolute reductions in emissions .
According to the Climate Action Network ( CAN , ) a coalition of more than 500 environment and development groups around the world , the revision of the land use , land use change and forestry ( LULUCF ) rules would falsely exaggerate emission reductions .
" It 's a disgraceful scandal . It would be disastrous for the climate " , said Sean Cadman , a spokesman for CAN .
" This is a massive loophole . All rich countries except Switzerland are now trying to avoid the consequences of increasing the harvesting of forestry .
They want LULUCF to drive ambition [ to reduce emissions ] down .
But it will increase the gap between the cuts pledged and those that are needed " .
CAN and developing countries calculate that loopholes could account for nearly 400m tonnes of CO2 , or nearly 5 % of the global total .
Russia , which wants to massively increase its forestry to pre-Soviet collapse levels , stands to avoid making nearly 200m tonnes of cuts .
Yesterday it emerged that Annex 1 countries will only adopt the high end of their targets if they can get the emissions loopholes that they are seeking .
Russia said that without new forestry accounting methods it would only be able to cut overall emissions by 15 , % as opposed to the 30 % conditional pledge it made at Copenhagen .
Forest management is seen as key to the climate talks because it is the biggest source of carbon credits and the biggest potential source of mitigation .
Developing countries fear that if the rich countries succeed in changing the LULUCF baseline rules , there will be less international demand for carbon credits , which would reduce their potential income from a climate deal .
" This is fraudulent accounting " , said Melanie Coath , climate change officer at RSPB . " We are seeing a shocking race to the bottom .
The forests of Europe could be an important part of the solution to climate change .
Instead we are seeing them being used to undermine the integrity of a global climate deal " .
Friends of the Earth 's international climate campaigner , Asad Rehman , said :
" When it comes to forests rich countries can't see the wood for the trees - they 're doing everything to get out of cutting their emissions first and fastest and putting the climate negotiations in danger " .
HAVING a sound military strategy against North Korea has rarely seemed more important .
Unfortunately , " OPLAN 5027 "  the main American - South Korean war plan  has been compromised .
Last week , South Korea 's intelligence agency arrested one of its own former agents , as well as an active two-star army general , for handing over classified information .
Apparently the ex-spy  identified only as " Mr Park "  was recruited by North Korean agents while living in China .
The general is charged with using his connections in the army to collect top-secret information , including field manuals and troop deployments , which he then turned over to the North .
The country has been in a sort of shock since the sinking of a South Korean warship , the Cheonan , on March 26th .
But the Chosun Ilbo , the South 's most widely read newspaper , quoted an officer who described this breach as being even more damaging .
The defence ministry is trying to gauge the extent of the leak .
It is resigned to having to alter parts of OPLAN 5027 .
This is not the first time that the plan has been exposed .
Last December North Korean hackers caught a glimpse of the plan thanks to a slip on the part of a South Korean officer .
For all their ideological differences , the linguistic and ethnic homogeneity of the Koreas has always rendered each vulnerable to spying by the other .
A especially striking number of high-profile cases of espionage have come to light in recent months .
In late March , South Korean authorities arrested two would-be assassins who had come for Hwang Jang-yop , the highest-ranking official to have defected from the North .
Other cases include that of Kim Soon-nyeo , a Mata Hari-like spy who obtained information about the South 's police and transport system from her lovers ,
and a Mr Kim who worked in China hunting North Korean defectors and keeping tabs on South Korean intelligence agents .
This spate of busted spies is breeding paranoia in South Korea .
Some citizens have come to expect the use of scare tactics by conservative governments  especially when elections draw near .
Mr Park of the OPLAN 5027 , it so happens , was once involved in an attempt to discredit Kim Dae-jung as a North Korean spy .
That Mr Kim , soon to become President Kim , was a political liberal on the eve of his election in 1997 .
On May 20th an international inquiry delivered its case for concluding that the Cheonan was sunk by a North Korean torpedo attack .
Lee Myung-bak , the country 's conservative president , followed with a sombre address to the country .
Ever since , South Korea 's hyperactive blogosphere has been churning out conspiracy theories by the dozen .
To some , the inquiry 's conclusion and Mr Lee 's speech smelled fishy  as if they were timed to coincide with local elections .
Sceptical South Koreans have deemed this all a case of " the northern wind , " a scurrilous political practice from the 1980s by which fear of the North was used to chill criticism of conservative governments in the South .
Even if the ship 's sinking and the investigative report were somehow all a fabrication engineered for domestic political ends , it would n't have counted as much of a success .
Mr Lee 's party fluffed last week 's elections , losing the majority they held among municipal seats .
Not that South Korea 's conspiracy theorists comprise a voting majority .
According to a recent poll , 72 % trust the government 's conclusion that North Korea was behind the Cheonan 's sinking .
That leaves a large remainder of the population unhappy with the government-led investigation .
Their grumbling  often given voice by the opposition parties  has to do with the government 's having provided only incomplete information and its refusal to admit the investigative team that North Korea offered to send .
Compared with the nearly-unanimous praise that Mr Lee has won from abroad for his handling of the crisis , his inability to convince more his own countrymen is puzzling .
The government is now trying to shore up credibility .
In an unprecedented move , the defence ministry has invited popular bloggers , reporters from student-run media and a selection of Twitter-followers to view the wreckage of the Cheonan and to talk with a panel of experts on June 8th .
If it botches this explanation , the rumour mills will continue to spin .
China 's government has made a formal complaint to North Korea after three Chinese citizens were shot dead last week near the border that divides the two countries .
It will be interesting to see how North Korea responds to its patron .
Aggressive language , of the type it aimed at the South after it was fingered for sinking the Cheonan , is out .
But Kim Jong Il does not do regret very well either .
For China there is also a balancing act here .
Nationalism is so close to the surface that the government must be mindful about inflaming it with a public rebuke of its ally .
On the other hand , when three Chinese citizens are killed by foreign soldiers attention must be paid , as Linda Loman said in another context .
Now it came to pass that the Town Watch having had certain complaints made to them that persons had been bitten in the Vita Publica by rats , doubted of their duty to destroy these ferocious creatures ;
and they held investigation , summoning the persons bitten and inquiring of them how it was that in so dark a street they could tell that the animals which had bitten them were indeed rats .
Howbeit for some time no one could be found who could say more than what he had been told , and since this was not evidence , the Town Watch had good hopes that they would not after all be forced to undertake this tedious enterprise .
But presently there came before them one who said that he had himself seen the rat which had bitten him , by the light of an old man 's lanthorn .
When the Town Watch heard this they were vexed , for they knew that if this were true they would now be forced to prosecute the arduous undertaking , and they said :
" Bring in this old man " !
Cethru was brought before them trembling .
" What is this we hear , old man , about your lanthorn and the rat ?
And in the first place , what were you doing in the Vita Publica at that time of night " ?
Cethru answered :
" I were just passin ' with my lanthorn " !
" Tell us -- did you see the rat " ?
Cethru shook his head :
" My lanthorn seed the rat , maybe " !
he muttered .
" Old owl " !
said the Captain of the Watch :
" Be careful what you say !
If you saw the rat , why did you then not aid this unhappy citizen who was bitten by it -- first , to avoid that rodent , and subsequently to slay it , thereby relieving the public of a pestilential danger " ?
Cethru looked at him , and for some seconds did not reply ; then he said slowly :
" I were just passin ' with my lanthorn " .
" That you have already told us " , said the Captain of the Watch ; " it is no answer " .
Cethru 's leathern cheeks became wine-coloured , so desirous was he to speak , and so unable .
And the Watch sneered and laughed , saying :
" This is a fine witness " .
But of a sudden Cethru spoke :
" What would I be duin' -- killin ' rats ; tidden my business to kill rats " .
The Captain of the Watch caressed his beard , and looking at the old man with contempt , said :
" It seems to me , brothers , that this is an idle old vagabond , who does no good to any one .
We should be well advised , I think , to prosecute him for vagrancy .
But that is not at this moment the matter in hand .
Owing to the accident -- scarcely fortunate -- of this old man 's passing with his lanthorn , it would certainly appear that citizens have been bitten by rodents .
It is then , I fear , our duty to institute proceedings against those poisonous and violent animals " .
And amidst the sighing of the Watch , it was so resolved .
Cethru was glad to shuffle away , unnoticed , from the Court , and sitting down under a camel-date tree outside the City Wall , he thus reflected :
" They were rough with me !
I done nothin , ' so far 's I can see " !
And a long time he sat there with the bunches of the camel-dates above him , golden as the sunlight .
Then , as the scent of the lyric-flowers , released by evening , warned him of the night dropping like a flight of dark birds on the plain , he rose stiffly , and made his way as usual toward the Vita Publica .
He had traversed but little of that black thoroughfare , holding his lanthorn at the level of his breast , when the sound of a splash and cries for help smote his long , thin ears .
Remembering how the Captain of the Watch had admonished him , he stopped and peered about , but owing to his proximity to the light of his own lanthorn he saw nothing .
Presently he heard another splash and the sound of blowings and of puffings , but still unable to see clearly whence they came , he was forced in bewilderment to resume his march .
But he had no sooner entered the next bend of that obscure and winding avenue than the most lamentable , lusty cries assailed him .
Again he stood still , blinded by his own light .
Somewhere at hand a citizen was being beaten , for vague , quick-moving forms emerged into the radiance of his lanthorn out of the deep violet of the night air .
The cries swelled , and died away , and swelled ;
and the mazed Cethru moved forward on his way .
But very near the end of his first traversage , the sound of a long , deep sighing , as of a fat man in spiritual pain , once more arrested him .
" Drat me " !
he thought , " this time I will see what ' t is " , and he spun round and round , holding his lanthorn now high , now low , and to both sides .
 the devil an ' all's in it tonight " he murmured to himself ; " there 's some ' at here fetchin ' of its breath awful loud " .
But for his life he could see nothing , only that the higher he held his lanthorn the more painful grew the sound of the fat but spiritual sighing .
And desperately , he at last resumed his progress .
On the morrow , while he still slept stretched on his straw pallet , there came to him a member of the Watch .
" Old man , you are wanted at the Court House ;
rouse up , and bring your lanthorn " .
Stiffly Cethru rose .
" What be they wantin ' me fur now , mester " ?
" Ah " ! replied the Watchman , " they are about to see if they can't put an end to your goings-on " .
Cethru shivered , and was silent .
Now when they reached the Court House it was patent that a great affair was forward ; for the Judges were in their robes , and a crowd of advocates , burgesses , and common folk thronged the careen , lofty hall of justice .
When Cethru saw that all eyes were turned on him , he shivered still more violently , fixing his fascinated gaze on the three Judges in their emerald robes .
" This then is the prisoner " , said the oldest of the Judges ; " proceed with the indictment " !
A little advocate in snuff-coloured clothes rose on little legs , and commenced to read :
" Forasmuch as on the seventeenth night of August fifteen hundred years since the Messiah 's death , one Celestine , a maiden of this city , fell into a cesspool in the Vita Publica , and while being quietly drowned , was espied of the burgess Pardonix by the light of a lanthorn held by the old man Cethru ;
and , forasmuch as , plunging in , the said Pardonix rescued her , not without grave risk of life and the ruin , of his clothes , and to-day lies ill of fever ;
and forasmuch as the old man Cethru was the cause of these misfortunes to the burgess Pardonix , by reason of his wandering lanthorn 's showing the drowning maiden , the Watch do hereby indict , accuse , and otherwise place charge upon this Cethru of ' Vagabondage without serious occupation .
" And , forasmuch as on this same night the Watchman Filepo , made aware , by the light of this said Cethru 's lanthorn , of three sturdy footpads , went to arrest them , and was set on by the rogues and well-nigh slain , the Watch do hereby indict , accuse , and otherwise charge upon Cethru complicity in this assault , by reasons , namely ,
first , that he discovered the footpads to the Watchman and the Watchman to the footpads by the light of his lanthorn ;
and , second , that , having thus discovered them , he stood idly by and gave no assistance to the law .
" And , forasmuch as on this same night the wealthy burgess Pranzo , who , having prepared a banquet , was standing in his doorway awaiting the arrival of his guests , did see , by the light of the said Cethru 's lanthorn , a beggar woman and her children grovelling in the gutter for garbage , whereby his appetite was lost completely ;
and , forasmuch as he , Pranzo , has lodged a complaint against the Constitution for permitting women and children to go starved , the Watch do hereby indict , accuse , and otherwise make charge on Cethru of rebellion and of anarchy , in that wilfully he doth disturb good citizens by showing to them without provocation disagreeable sights , and doth moreover endanger the laws by causing persons to desire to change them . "
These be the charges , reverend Judges , so please you ! "
Your Thoughts on Falling in Love
More than 5,700 of you took our survey on falling in love .
Lots of you know what it feels like to be in love :
46% of our survey takers said they 're in love now or have been in the past .
But an almost equal number ( 43% ) said that , although they like someone , they're just not sure it 's really love .
And 11% said they 'd never been in love ( mostly because they haven't met the right person yet . )
So what makes it love ?
And when is it just lust ?
Attraction
Three main qualities go with being in love :
attraction , closeness , and commitment .
Relationships can be about any or all of these .
Attraction is the " chemistry " part of love .
It's all about the physical  even sexual  interest that two people have in each other .
Relationships that are based on attraction alone are usually more about fun and infatuation than real love .
Guys : Stereotypes Aren't Always True
Conventional wisdom says that , for guys in their early teens , relationships are mainly about physical attraction .
That explains why some guys responded like Trent , 13 , who told us the things he likes about his girlfriend are " her hair and body " .
Experts say that it's not until guys reach their later teens that they rate a person 's inner qualities as most important .
Our survey showed that this " conventional wisdom " does n't mean all guys fall into this mold .
First , we saw that it 's not just younger guys who go mainly for the way someone looks or their physical attributes :
We had a few older guys say they were most interested in looks .
And most of the 13-year-old guys in our survey say they appreciate a person 's inner qualities , like kindness and intelligence .
For example , Marley , 13 , said the reason he loves his GF is a combination of her inner and outer qualities :
" She 's deep and has real emotions , she acts herself and doesn't act fake " , he told us .
" I also love her eyes . I get lost in them " .
Josh , 14 , told us the things he loves about his girlfriend are , " Her attitude , her eyes , her smile and the way it lights up the world .
Regardless of what people say about her , she 's beautiful in my eyes " .
Girls : Personality , Please !
As with guys , looks can also catch a girl 's attention .
But when it comes to being attracted to someone , girls typically emphasize the importance of character .
Many girls in our survey felt like Jovin , 17 , who told us , " The first impression is his look " .
But after that , she says other things become more important , like " his personality and style , kindness and intelligence " .
Chey , 13 said , " I look mainly for personality .
If he 's really nice then I might end up having a crush on him .
But if he 's a jerk then I probably won't like him " .
Kelsey , 16 said she 's attracted to a guy who is " cute , smart , honest , funny , and treats me great " .
Priscilla , 13 , said , " They have to be honest , respectful , down-to-earth , won't judge me , and love me for who I am .
I hate the guys that just want to ' hit it and quit it ' or want a girl with all the looks and clothes even though she might not be the nicest person " .
The Thrills of a New Relationship
Both guys and girls noticed that the excitement and newness of the infatuation stage is fun and thrilling .
Like Brittany , 15 , who told us , " When he kissed me it sent butterflies through my body like crazy " .
But those butterflies often come with sweaty palms or a racing heart .
Robbie , 13 , confessed , " I blushed when I saw her . I did n't know what to say " .
After a while , though , many people want to feel more connected to the person they 're with .
Like Lexie , 13 , who said , " When you have a crush you are afraid to talk to them and you have butterflies ,
and when you are in love you can talk about anything with them and feel comfortable " .
There's nothing wrong with having a relationship that's based on attraction if a couple just wants to have fun or doesn't feel ready to have deeper emotional ties , of course .
Closeness
Closeness is the bond that a couple develops when they feel comfortable enough to share thoughts and feelings that they do n't share with anyone else .
The connection between them deepens to include qualities like trust , respect , and honesty .
More Than a Crush
Caroline , 15 , told us when she knew her relationship had grown into more than just a crush : " A crush is totally different than love because a crush is the feeling that you really like them because they 're cute .
But love is like to trust , care , worry , and know each other better than anyone else .
I 'm totally in love with my boyfriend " .
Anthony , 16 , said , " She gets me like no other person or any other relationship I 've ever had .
We just have this amazing connection between each other , we 're able to talk about whatever with each other " .
Davia , 17 , told us " A crush is filled with infatuation .
But you know it 's love when he sticks by your side when you get into a car accident , or even when your hair isn't done , or when your clothes do n't match " .
Sharing Similarities , Respecting Differences
Most of the time we grow close to people who have the same values and beliefs , or people who have qualities that we admire .
This is something that experts call consensual validation .
It means that we seek out people who mirror who we are as a way of reaffirming our values , beliefs , actions , and opinions .
The deeper bonds that are part of feeling really close to another person go beyond simply liking the same music and TV shows , supporting the same sports team , or other superficial things .
True closeness is about sharing similar beliefs  for example , following the same religion .
It also means having the same principles  like valuing honesty or showing respect .
Misbah , 13 , told us how important it is to share the same religion as her boyfriend :
" Well , he 's a Muslim , so yah !
He 's really close to the religion and he 's HOT at the same time !!
He has respect for the female race , for his family , and ME " .
Growing close also means seeing past things that might seem different on the surface .
Musaka , 17 , told us about his experience overcoming superficial differences :
" It was this girl at my school .
I really felt something was similar between me and her .
I know I 'm black and she is white ,
but we are more similar than I thought .
And now I really love her " .
It takes time to learn about each other and discover the deeper connections .
Amanda , 17 , said , " We had so many things in common and we didn't know about them until we started to hang out " .
But closeness is not all about what you have in common .
Ironically , when two people are really close , they are better equipped to deal with the things they don't agree on .
Tyesha , 16 , told us she and her boyfriend understand that every person is unique , that no two people are completely alike .
" He respects all my decisions and choices that I make " , she said . " We have our opinions about things " .
Pippa , 15 , said , " We talk about anything and he doesn't get mad if we disagree on something .
If something bugs him he tells me and doesn't try to play it off .
It's the same on my side .
I tell him what I think and we work it out " .
Best Friends
Closeness in a romance is like closeness between best friends  but with the added spark of physical attraction .
Lots of you told us you'd either fallen in love with a friend , or the person you fell in love with became your best friend .
Dez , 15 , told us that being in love was " like having a best friend as a boyfriend " .
Rebecca , 17 , told us how she fell in love with a guy who was her best friend :
" After I broke up with one guy I was having a really hard time " .
She says that her guy friend " offered an ear to listen with a shoulder to cry .
In my heart I just knew he was the ' one . '
It's almost been a year now " .
Matthew , 15 , said , " My ex-girlfriend and I were in love .
Today she is one of my best friends and we always are there looking out for each other .
We love each other and even though we are n't together now we still have deep feelings for each other " .
Breakups are painful  especially if you 're new to feeling in love .
Niki , 13 , said , " We connected in a special way and when we broke up it felt like there was an elephant sitting on my chest " .
Some of you are realistic .
You realize that people change so much in their teens that love can end  so you 'll appreciate the uniqueness of every relationship while it lasts .
" We have been going out for almost 7 months , and I just came to a realization that I love him " , Hannah , 16 , told us .
" I am not sure if I am going to spend the rest of my life with him , but I can see us being together for a whole lot longer than I had first ever intended or imagined " .
Couples who connect often choose to deepen their relationships through commitment .
Commitment
Commitment is loyalty .
Together you've made a decision to stick with each other through the ups and downs that are part of any relationship .
Lots of you mentioned the things that you see as important when a relationship reaches this stage :
honesty , fidelity , trust .
Jayde , 13 , said she looks for , " Personality , honesty .
Someone who won't be looking around or cheating , etc " .
William , 18 , told us that his girlfriend " was able to be by my side , even in my worst condition " .
Kaitlyn , 15 , said , " We 're always there for one another and have always kept our promises .
For Christmas he gave me a promise ring , and that 's a serious deal . "
Learning From the Good ( and the Bad )
Perhaps you 're dating as a way to fit in with the social scene , like Darian , 13 , who is , " happy because I am not single " .
Or maybe your relationship is mostly about fun and flirtation , like Sierra , 13 , who told us , " I just want to be around him all the time , you know , just to hang out  we love basketball games " !
Or perhaps you 're in a serious relationship , like Thomas , 16 , who says , " I love feeling like someone loves me ( who 's not my parents ) and will always be there " .
Whatever you 're looking for right now , relationships are a great way to learn about love , and what you may want in the future .
Our relationships  current and past  become part of who we are .
Whether they last for weeks , years , or forever , they provide us with memories , mostly happy ones .
Breanna , 17 , told us , " I know he loves me for who I am .
He is my first love , and I will always have a special place in my heart for him " .
Reviewed by : D'Arcy Lyness , PhD
Date reviewed : July 2010
Feb. 15 , 1995 : Perhaps the most celebrated cracking case in history begins with the arrest of Kevin Mitnick by the FBI on charges of wire fraud and breaking into the computer systems of several major corporations .
The case bestowed upon Mitnick a sort of antihero status while raising the consciousness of hacking and computer security in the general population .
Mitnick already had a long history of fiddling with computer networks and telephone systems before his 1995 arrest .
His first hack , if that's what it was , occurred when Mitnick was 12 .
He reverse-engineered the Los Angeles public transportation transfer system so he could ride the buses for free .
His methods became more sophisticated even as the technology evolved , and by the '90s he was snooping through the supposedly secure networks of companies like Sun Microsystems and Motorola .
He was caught after the FBI tracked him to his hideout in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Mitnick pleaded guilty to some charges and served five years in prison ( including eight months spent in solitary confinement , ) then spent two more years in supervised release before all restrictions were lifted .
Since his release in 2000 , Mitnick has worked his way back into the " industry " , this time as a computer security consultant .
It's hard to argue with his rsum .
He continues to enjoy his quasi-celebrity status , is sought after as a public speaker and still hangs out with his good buddy , Steve Wozniak .
In 2011 , he published Ghost in the Wires , a chronicle of his legendary exploits .
( Source : Wired News , Wikipedia )
This article first appeared on Wired.com Feb. 15 , 2007 .
Study reveals 80% of online daters lie in their profiles - but leave clues that give them away
Eighty per cent of online daters lie on their profiles , a new study reveals - but liars give themselves away .
" Key words " in online dating profiles could give singletons an early warning that ' dates ' might be older and fatter than profiles suggest .
People who lie about their age , weight and height tend to leave a ' trail ' of words that show that they are lying , according to new research from Cornell University .
Around eighty per cent of online daters lie in their profiles - but a new study found that it 's easy to pick out the profiles where details are not true .
Simply looking for these " clues " allowed researchers to pick out liars correctly two-thirds of the time .
Shorter profiles are often a sign that people are lying , say the researchers , who analysed profiles against the correct figures for height , weight and age for 78 online daters .
People who are fibbing - even " white lies " such as a few pounds off their weight or a few years off their age - are also less happy about using the pronoun " I . "
" Liars do this because they want to distance themselves from their deceptive statements " , says Catalina Toma , communication science professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison .
" Generally , people don't want to admit they 've lied " , says Toma .
" But we don't have to rely on the liars to tell us about their lies .
We can read their handiwork " .
The liars also used language such as describing " happy " as " not sad " or " exciting " as " not boring " - known as " negation . "
" They do n't want to say too much " , Toma says .
" Liars have a lot to think about .
The less they write , the fewer untrue things they may have to remember and support later " .
Liars were also careful to skirt their own deception .
Daters who had lied about their age , height or weight or had included a photo the researchers found to be less than representative of reality , were likely to avoid discussing their appearance in their written descriptions , choosing instead to talk about work or life achievements .
The toolkit of language clues gave the researchers a distinct advantage when they re-examined their pool of 78 online daters .
" The more deceptive the self-description , the fewer times you see ' I ' , the more negation , the fewer words total - using those indicators , we were able to correctly identify the liars about 65 percent of the time " , Toma says .
A success rate of nearly two-thirds is a commanding lead over the untrained eye .
In a second leg of their study , Toma and Hancock asked volunteers to judge the daters ' trustworthiness based solely on the written self-descriptions posted on their online profiles .
" We asked them to tell us how trustworthy the person who wrote each profile was .
And , as we expected , people are just bad at this " , Toma says .
" They might as well have flipped a coin ..
They 're looking at the wrong things " .
This time we are going to visit three abandoned bomb shelters in Kiev .
One if them is situated under a hotel , another one is hidden under a factory and the third one belonged to one of the ministries of Ukraine .
Let 's start with the factory .
It 's almost non- working and the bomb shelter under it is large but empty .
In the photograph :
its emergency exit .
One of the rusty doors of the shelter .
Nice lock !
Hermetic gates .
Now let 's get to the hotel bomb shelter .
First of all , it is situated deep underground .
One of the flights leading into the shelter .
This hermetic door is divided into two parts for people to be able to open it if the lower part of the door gets blocked up with something .
This kind of doors were popular in pre-war and early post-war years .
" Approved . "
The city 's plan .
They used these plans for theoretical civil defense exercises .
These old windowns and doors were left here after one of the renovations of the hotel .
In the filter and ventilation section .
Made in 1959 .
By the way , there is electricity in some of the rooms of the shelter .
" Hermetic -protection door . "
Traditionally , the entrance into the shelter is protected with at least two hermetic doors and the " street " door is to stand a blast wave .
This picture illustrates elimination of the consequences of a nuclear explosion .
It 's peacetime today so this room of the shelter , for example , is used to make birch twigs to sell in the hotel .
This elevator used to connect the shelter and the hotel .
The walls of the shelter under the ministry has been painted in white .
Using its emergency exit to get into the shelter was the right choice as usual .
A filter .
This is a storage where they keep gas masks .
Each gas mask is marked with the name of the person the gas mask is intended for .
Some of the doors of the shelter are locked .
In one of the rooms , there is a box with keys to open any room of the shelter .
" Register . "
" Special notebook . "
Its filter and ventilation section .
Animal amore !
A loving look , an affectionate nuzzle and a smooch here and there - it can mean only one thing .
With Valentine's Day just around the corner love is well and truly in the air .
And it would seem it 's not just humans who have come across all doe-eyed and sentimental .
As these adorable pictures prove , the animal kingdom is just as capable of giving humans a run for their money in the love stakes as February 14 approaches .
Snout to snout :
These piglets get up close and personal as Valentine's Day approaches
Heart to heart :
Two swans form the international symbol of love as they move in for some affection
( left ) while these Cormorants indulge in a ritual mating dance at their nesting site on Saunders Island , in the Falklands
( right ) Give us a kiss :
Two hippos move in for a smooch as they court in a mating ritual
These beast of friends all demonstrate their affection for one another with a snuggle , a cuddle or a kiss .
From creature courtships to furry friendships , the animal antics of these partial to each other pairs is heartwarming .
And these mushy mammals prove that love really does come in all shapes , sizes and species .
Wild thing :
Two giraffes show their affectionate side as they nuzzle their faces close together
Underwater love :
Not even newts are immune to the intoxicating effects of amore
Snuggling :
A mating pair of King penguins caress on Gold Beach , South Georgia Island , sub-Antarctica
( left ) while two lovebirds cuddle up perched on a branch
( right ) You nose I love you :
Cape ground squirrels ' kiss ' in Kgalagadi , South Africa
Coming up for air :
Two sea lions cool off in the water as they nuzzle
It turns out that halofuginone ( HF ) triggers a stress-response pathway that blocks the development of a harmful class of immune cells , called Th17 cells , which have been implicated in many autoimmune disorders .
" HF prevents the autoimmune response without dampening immunity altogether " , said Malcolm Whitman ,
a professor of developmental biology at Harvard School of Dental Medicine and senior author on the new study .
" This compound could inspire novel therapeutic approaches to a variety of autoimmune disorders . "
" This study is an exciting example of how solving the molecular mechanism of traditional herbal medicine can lead both to new insights into physiological regulation and to novel approaches to the treatment of disease " , said Tracy Keller ,
an instructor in Whitman's lab and the first author on the paper .
This study , which involved an interdisciplinary team of researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital and elsewhere
will be published online February 12 in Nature Chemical Biology .
Prior research had shown that HF reduced scarring in tissue , scleroderma ( a tightening of the skin , ) multiple sclerosis , scar formation and even cancer progression .
" We thought HF must work on a signaling pathway that had many downstream effects " , said Keller .
In 2009 , Keller and colleagues reported that HF protects against harmful Th17 immune cells without affecting other beneficial immune cells .
Recognized only since 2006 , Th17 cells are " bad actors " , implicated in many autoimmune diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease , rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis and psoriasis .
The researchers found that minute doses of HF reduced multiple sclerosis in a mouse model .
As such , it was one of a new arsenal of drugs that selectively inhibits autoimmune pathology without suppressing the immune system globally .
Further analysis showed that HF was somehow turning on genes involved in a newly discovered pathway called the amino acid response pathway , or AAR .
Scientists have only recently appreciated the role of the nutrient sensing-AAR pathway in immune regulation and metabolic signaling .
There is also evidence that it extends lifespan and delays age-related inflammatory diseases in animal studies on caloric restriction .
A conservationist of sorts , AAR lets cells know when they need to preserve resources .
For example , when a cell senses a limited supply of amino acids for building proteins , AAR will block signals that promote inflammation because inflamed tissues require lots of protein .
" Think about how during a power outage we conserve what little juice we have left on our devices , foregoing chats in favor of emergency calls " , said Whitman .
" Cells use similar logic " .
For the current study , the researchers investigated how HF activates the AAR pathway , looking at the most basic process that cells use to translate a gene 's DNA code into the amino acid chain that makes up a protein .
The researchers were able to home in on a single amino acid , called proline , and discovered that HF targeted and inhibited a particular enzyme ( tRNA synthetase EPRS ) responsible for incorporating proline into proteins that normally contain it .
When this occurred , the AAR response kicked in and produced the therapeutic effects of HF-treatment .
Providing supplemental proline reversed the effects of HF on Th17 cell differentiation , while adding back other amino acids did not , establishing the specificity of HF for proline incorporation .
Added proline also reversed other therapeutic effects of HF , inhibiting its effectiveness against the malaria parasite as well as certain cellular processes linked to tissue scarring .
Again , supplementation with other amino acids had no such effect .
Such mounting evidence clearly demonstrated that HF acts specifically to restrict proline .
The researchers think that HF treatment mimics cellular proline deprivation , which activates the AAR response and subsequently impacts immune regulation .
Researchers do not yet fully understand the role that amino acid limitation plays in disease response or why restricting proline inhibits Th17 cell production .
Nevertheless , " AAR pathway is clearly an interesting drug target , and halofuginone , in addition to its potential therapeutic uses , is a powerful tool for studying the AAR pathway " , said Whitman .
More information :
" Halofuginone and other febrifugine derivatives inhibit prolyl-tRNA synthetase " by Keller et al .
Nature Chemical Biology , online publication , February 12 Provided by Harvard Medical School
( news : web )
A Dance with Dad
I am dancing with my father at my parents' fiftieth wedding anniversary .
The band is playing an oldfashioned waltz as we move gracefully across the floor .
His hand on my waist is as guiding as it always was , and he hums the tune to himself in a steady , youthful way .
Around on around  we go laughing and nodding to the other dancers .
My father squeezes my hand and smiles at me .
As we continue to dip and sway , I remember a time when I was almost three .
my father came home from work , swooped me into his arms and began to dance me around the table .
My mother laughed at us , told us dinner would get cold .
But my father said , " She 's just caught the rhythm of the dance ! "
Dinner can wait " !
And then he sang out , " Roll out the barrel , we'll have a barrel of fun " .
That night , he taught me to polka , waltz and foxtrot while dinner waited .
We danced through the years .
When I was five , my father taught me to " shuffle off to Buffalo " .
Later we won a dance contest at a Campfire Girls Round-Up .
Then we learned to jitterbug at the USO place downtown ..
Once my father caught on to the steps , he danced with everyone in the hall - the women passing out doughnuts , even the GI's .
We all laughed and clapped our hands for my father , the dancer .
One night when I was fifteen , lost in some painful , adolescent mood .
my father put on a stack of records and teased me to dance with him .
" C'mon " , he said , " let 's get those blues on the run " .
I turned away from him and hugged my pain closer than before .
My father put his hand on my shoulder and I jumped out of the chair , screaming , " Don't touch me !
Don't touch me !
I am sick and tired of dancing with you " !
The hurt on his face did not escape me , but the words were out , and I could not call them back .
I ran to my room sobbing hysterically .
We did not dance together after that night .
I found other partners , and my father waited up for me after dances , sitting in his favorite chair , clad in his flannel pajamas .
Sometimes he would be asleep when I came in .
I would wake him , saying, " If you were so tired , you should have gone to bed " .
" No , no " , he'd say . " I was just waiting for you " .
Then we'd lock up the house and go to bed .
My father waited up for me all through my high school and college years , while I danced my way out of his life .
One night , shortly after my first child was born , my mother called to tell me my father was ill .
" A heart problem " , she said . " Now , don't come . It's three hundred miles .
Beside , it would upset your fater .
We 'll just have to wait . I 'll let you know " .
My father 's tests showed some stress , but a proper diet restored him to good health .
Little things , then , for a while .
A disc problem in the back , more heart trouble , a lens implant for catarcts .
But the dancing did not stop .
My mother wrote that they had joined a dance club .
" You remember how your father loves to dance " .
Yes , I remember .
My eyes filled up with remembering .
When my father retired , we mended our way back together again ;
hugs and kisses were common when we visited each other .
But my father did not ask me to dance .
He danced with the grandchildren ;
my daughter knew how to waltz before they could read .
" One , two , three and one , two , three " , my father would count out , " won't you come and waltz with me " ?
Sometimes my heart ached to have him say those words to me .
But I knew my father was waiting for an apology from me ,
and I could never find the right words .
As the time for my parents ' fiftieth anniversary approached , my brothers and I met to plan the party .
My older brother said , " Do you remember that night you wouldn't dance with him ?
Boy , was he mad !
I couldn't believe he 'd get so mad about a thing like that .
I'll bet you haven't danced with him since that " .
I did not tell him he was right .
My younger brother promised to get the band .
" Make sure they can play waltz and polkas " , I told him .
" Don't you want to get down , get funky " ?
I did not tell him that all I wanted to do was dance once more with my father .
When the band began to play after dinner , my parents took the floor .
They glided around the golden couple .
My father danced with his grand-daughters , and then the band began to play the " Beer Barrel Polka " .
" Roll out the barrel , " I heard my father sing .
Then I knew it was time . I knew the words I must say to my father before he would dance with me once more .
I walked my way through a few couples and tapped my daughter on the shoulder .
" Excuse me , " I said , almost choking on my words , " but I believe this is my dance " .
My father stood rooted to the spot .
Our eyes met and traveled back to that night when I was fifteen .
In a trembling voice , I sang , " Let's get those blues on the run " .
I've been waiting for you " .
and we moved into each other 's arms , pausing for a moment so we could catch once more the rhythm of the dance .
Then he started to laugh .
Jane Jeffery Gilson
SCIENTIST , engineer , musician and great artist , Leonardo da Vinci is the archetypal Renaissance man .
This undisputed genius , who lived to be 67 , was also one of history 's most accomplished underachievers .
He started many projects he did not finish ;
he accepted commissions he never began ;
his many planned treatises remained just notes .
Only 18 of his paintings survive .
Half of them are included in a show that opened on November 9th at London 's National Gallery , making this the most important da Vinci display ever .
The artist was born near Florence in 1452 and went to Milan at the age of 30 .
Luke Syson , the show 's curator , has come to believe that the freedom da Vinci enjoyed there as court painter to Ludovico Sforza , Duke of Milan , was the key that unlocked his genius .
Mr Syson's contention that Leonardo 's great breakthrough came in Milan and not later in Florence , as has generally been accepted until now , has captivated curators , collectors and museum directors who have been generous in loaning works to the show ;
from the Vatican , Prague , Cracow , Paris and the Royal Collection .
All the pictures on show were painted during da Vinci 's 18 years in Milan .
Never has it been possible to see so many of da Vinci 's paintings together .
There are also some 50 drawings , including the monumental " Virgin and Child with Saint Anne and Saint John the Baptist " .
sometimes called " The Burlington House Cartoon . "
In pages from a notebook da Vinci's slanted " mirror " writing describes the guests at a dinner .
This work , which is badly damaged , is represented here by a large photograph and a near-contemporary ( though far inferior ) copy .
In pages from a notebook da Vinci's slanted " mirror " writing describes the guests at a dinner .
With a novelist's interest in detail , he carefully observed the shrug of one man's shoulders , the position of another's hands , the scowl on one face and the frown on yet one more .
The exhibition is arranged thematically ; in addition to " Beauty and Love , " there is also " Character and Emotion " and " Body and Soul . "
The visitor quickly comes face to face with the portrait of Cecilia Gallerani , also known as " The Lady with an Ermine " ( pictured above . )
Although the image is familiar from reproductions , the radiance of the painting is surprising .
Further along is an unfinished , yet searing , " Saint Jerome " .
For the first time , both versions of " The Virgin of the Rocks , " one the National Gallery's own and the other belonging to the Louvre , are shown together .
The two versions hang at opposite ends of the long exhibition space .
whereas in the National Gallery's painting the rocks seem quite eerie , contributing to the overall sepulchral feel of the work .
As a philosopher and scientist , da Vinci strove to understand what he observed in his close studies of nature .
Art was an expression of his thoughts .
Notes Towards a Philosophy of Sleep
The column you 're reading is at least in part the result of an accident  a happy one , I hasten to add .
A few weeks ago , I was sitting on a panel with the philosopher Christopher Hamilton , discussing the question of whether a world without pain is an appropriate goal for mankind or whether pain serves some additional positive purpose other than the obvious biological one of directing us away from things that might harm us ( a topic , perhaps , for a future column . )
Meeting Christopher after a long interval reminded me of his excellent book Living Philosophy : Reflections on Life , Meaning and Morality ( 2001 ) .
The volume includes a fascinating essay entitled ' The Need to Sleep ' , where he notes that philosophers have not paid sufficient attention to this extraordinary phenomenon .
Well , a decade on , this is the beginning of a response to Christopher 's wake-up call .
For sleep is rather extraordinary .
If I told you that I had a neurological disease which meant that for eight or more hours a day I lost control of my faculties , bade farewell to the outside world , and was subject to complex hallucinations and delusions  such as being chased by a grizzly bear at Stockport Railway Station  you would think I was in a pretty bad way .
If I also claimed that the condition was infectious , you would wish me luck in coping with such a terrible disease , and bid me a hasty farewell .
Of course , sleep is not a disease at all , but the condition of daily ( nightly ) life for the vast majority of us .
The fact that we accept without surprise the need for a prolonged black-out as part of our daily life highlights our tendency to take for granted anything about our condition that is universal .
We do n't see how strange sleep is because ( nearly ) everyone sleeps .
Indeed , the situation of those who do not suffer from Tallis 's Daily Hallucinating Delusional Syndrome is awful . They have something that truly deserves our sympathy : chronic insomnia .
Since all animals sleep , we assume it has a biological purpose .
The trouble is , we do n't know what that purpose is .
There are many theories  energy conservation , growth promotion , immobilisation during hours of darkness when it might be dangerous to be out and about , consolidation of memories American vernacular .
but they are all open to serious objections . William Dement , one of the leading researchers of the last century and co-discoverer of Rapid Eye Movement sleep , concluded from his fifty years in the forefront of the field that " the only reason we need to sleep that is really , really solid , is that we get sleepy " .
Philosophers Asleep It is easy to see why philosophers have , on the whole , avoided talking about sleep .
Those who see the aim of philosophy as being to cultivate the most unpeeled mode of wakefulness are likely to treat sleep as an enemy .
Hypnophobia was a striking theme in Existentialist thought .
" Blessed are the sleepy ones " Nietzsche said sarcastically , " for they shall soon drop off " .
And he sometimes endeavoured to do without sleep , on one occasion trying to live on four hours sleep a night for a fortnight .
( I read this unimpressed when I was a junior doctor in the 1970s , and my 104-hour-week included periods of up to 48 hours continuously on call ) .
Jean Paul Sartre 's Antoine Roquentin , the anti-hero of Sartre 's Nausea ( 1938 , ) expresses his contempt for the landlord of the caf he frequents by observing that " when this man is alone , he falls asleep " .
And a character in one of his other novels observes with horror the person opposite him on the train , fast asleep , passively swaying in time to the movement of the carriage , reduced to a material object .
This continuation of our lives in the absence of our waking self , in which the living daylights are replaced by the half-living nightlights , is a creepy reminder of the unchosen automatisms upon which our chosen lives depend .
Not only is sleep a reminder of our ultimate helplessness , or even of how circumscribed a place thought sometimes plays in our lives , there is also the fear of contagion , as if talking about sleep might induce it  just as this reference to yawning will get at least 50 % of you yawning in the next 15 minutes .
( It 's a fact , honest ! )
Of course , there is no reason why the mind should not think about its antithesis , nor why super-mindful philosophers should not take an interest in our regular spells of compulsory mindlessness .
After all , physicists have devoted much of their extraordinarily brilliant intellectual exertions to clarifying the nature of matter  of what is there , stripped of the kinds of meanings that fill their own consciousnesses .
Philosophers , however , have a particular fear of one kind of sleep : the sleep that their own works may induce .
Those carefully crafted arguments , the painstakingly revised sentences , expressing insights , so they hope , into the most fundamental aspects of the world , seem less able than a strip cartoon or a gossip column to hold back the reader from a world-dissolving snooze .
Honest philosophers know they cannot complain about casting their philosophical pearls before drowsy swine , because they , too , have fallen asleep over the works of philosophers greater than themselves .
I speak as a minor player who has sometimes dozed off while reading Heidegger 's Being and Time  possibly the greatest philosophical work of the last century , and the subject of a monograph I published a decade ago , and over which others too have dozed off .
On other occasions I have woken with a start to discover that Kant 's Critique of Pure Reason has fallen from my slackening hand .
There could be no more profound critique of reason , pure or impure .
For Descartes , cessation of thinking meant ceasing to be an ' I ' , so thoughtless sleep was vexing indeed  a vegetable , organic gap in our spiritual life .
As James Hill ( to whom I owe most of the contents of this paragraph ) pointed out in ' The Philosophy of Sleep : Descartes , Locke and Leibniz ' ( in The Richmond Journal of Philosophy , Spring 2004 , )
Descartes ' view of the mind as a substance did not allow for any pause in the continuity of thought .
If the mind were the kind of thing that could be extinguished by the sound of a lecturer 's voice and rekindled by a wet flannel , it would not be worthy of the status of a substance , which should be immune from mere accidents .
Descartes therefore concluded that we never stop thinking , even in the deepest sleep ;
however , in our deepest sleep we do not lay down any memories of our thoughts . Ad hoc or what ?
John Locke would have none of it .
Empirical evidence , he says , tells us that we do not think when asleep ,
and that 's the end of the story :
" every drowsy Nod shakes [ the Cartesian ] Doctrine . "
Leibniz , anticipating the confusions of Herr Professor Freud , argued that Descartes was right :
we are thinking during dreamless sleep , but our thoughts are unconscious  rather like the perceptions we have without noticing them .
I leave the reader to referee the discussion , but its unsatisfactory nature offers another reason why most philosophers have shied away from sleep .
To Dream Dreams , of course , have figured more significantly in philosophy .
Being a mode of consciousness  prompting Aristotle to say that " the soul makes assertions in sleep " ( On Dreams 458b )  dreams seem one step up from the mere putting out of zzzs .
More to the point , they place a philosophically interesting question mark against our confidence in the nature of the world we appear to share with others .
Your dreams as you are dreaming them may be as compellingly real as the fact that you are reading this article ( and possibly dozing off over it ) .
" There are no certain indications " as Descartes pointed out in his Meditations , " by which I can clearly distinguish wakefulness from sleep " .
The glib response to this  that we should not be looking for mere ' indications ' , because we do not rely on these kinds of things to find out whether we are awake or sleep  does n't work ;
and so we are embarked on an endless , and endlessly fascinating , journey in pursuit of the kind of certainty that only our philosophical selves want , or pretend to want , or need , or seem to need .
There is a kind of pathos to our vulnerable , gullible , sleeping selves , and the dreams that something that is ourself and yet not ourself puts together in order to make narrative sense of what is going on in our brains and bodies when they are almost completely disconnected from the world .
To meet our insatiable appetite for coherent meaning , we unpack a whole scene out of a sensation , say , or make sense of a sudden movement of a limb by inventing a cliff down which we are falling .
The fact that we can make a sort of sense out of whatever is served up to us is an interesting sidelight on the question of the relationship between the real and the rational :
whatever we can rationalise may seem real to us , and whatever seems real to us we try to rationalise  with impressive rates of success .
The division within our ( mind-constructed ) dreams between the ' I ' that is making sense of what is there , and the ' there ' that is made sense of  so that we can even wait tensely for what happens next  is particularly striking .
The great French poet and thinker Paul Valry invented the character Monsieur Teste .
' A mystic without God ' , Teste was committed to uninterrupted , undistracted thought .
His whole life 's work was " to kill the puppet " , the automaton , inside himself .
In the famous An Evening With M. Teste ( 1896 ) , Valry leaves his hero drifting off to sleep , observing the stages of his own gradual extinction , and murmuring " Let's think very closely  You can fall asleep on any subject  Sleep can continue any idea  " as his self-awareness fades into suspension points .
Valry himself kept a diary for over fifty years ( collected as the Cahiers [ Notebooks ] ) .
One of his central concerns was to observe the successive phases of his awakening , as in the early hours of the morning he annotated his mind-rise .
Naturally , dreams preoccupied him as much as the daily resurrection of the self .
He suggested that dreams might be an attempt to make sense of the body 's passage from sleep to wakefulness .
Like me , he was unimpressed by Freud 's evidence-impoverished claims about dreams being ' the royal road to the unconscious '  that multi-storied jerry-built word-castle which so many otherwise intelligent people have taken for a scientific idea .
Nor did Valry buy the notion that dreams could be prophetic , the mind slipping along loops in time to enable us to see the future of the world or the will of God .
These nightly adventures , spun out of a consciousness permitted to free-wheel by disconnexion from a perceived world , are of compelling interest when we are in the grip of them as lead actor or as the helpless centre of events .
Yet by an irony , nothing is more sleep-inducing than the egocentric tales of someone else 's solipsistic dreams .
We long to hear that magic phrase " And then I woke up " .
I could go on , but I won't , lest I cause your copy of Philosophy Now to fall from your lifeless hands as you slip from the philosophy of sleep to the thing itself 
Prof. Raymond Tallis 2012 Raymond Tallis is a physician , philosopher , poet , broadcaster and novelist .
His latest book In Defence of Wonder is just out from Acumen .
Jews are known for answering questions with another question , so I 'd add a third question to this discussion :
Would an end to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict end the Israeli-Arab conflict ?
Or more concretely , did the forced departure of the Israeli ambassadors from the country 's two main strategic bastions in the Middle East  Turkey and Egypt  spring from the fact that an independent Palestine has not yet been established , or is it the result of hatred toward Israel , a hatred that will never die ?
All we can do , according to this view  one that is shared by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  is to go on living by the sword while trying to reach limited and partial solutions to contain the situation and gain time .
At a recent conference on terrorism , right-wing Israelis , including some cabinet ministers , said that Palestinian statehood was motivated by hatred .
According to their reasoning , there 's little value in settling the conflict with the Palestinians , because the Palestinians cannot or do not want a peaceable solution that will ensure both countries can live side by side .
They believe that the majority of Arabs will continue to back actions detrimental to Israel in an attempt to do away with the Jewish state .
Although this approach is not entirely devoid of logic , it should be firmly rejected .
Israel 's deteriorating international situation demands immediate diplomatic action .
The occupation of the West Bank is almost universally condemned as illegitimate , and if Israel continues to insist that it cannot exist without that territory , it is in danger of losing its own legitimacy as well .
Israelis have yet to feel the country 's declining stature in their pockets , but the day is not far off .
Israel can not carry on as usual without reaching a substantial compromise on the Palestinian issue .
The country is not a superpower , and it had better stop trying to behave like one .
The establishment of a Palestinian state presents many dangers for Israel .
The gravest of these was described by Yuval Diskin , the former head of the Shin Bet , Israel 's internal security organization , as " two states for three peoples " , a reference to the bottomless rift between the moderate Fatah and the fundamentalist Hamas .
What will happen in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip if a state that encompasses the strip and most of the West Bank arises ?
Would Hamas and the other Jihadist movements give up their demand for the " dismantling of the Zionist entity ? "
We can assume that at least some of them will not , and that will mean further rounds of warfare .
Regrettably , a Palestinian state will not mean that 130 years of bloodshed will come to an end , and neither will the hatred of Israel in the Arab world .
This , however , is not sufficient reason or justification for prolonging the frozen posture that the Israeli government has adopted .
Israel would benefit if the next rounds are fought from a position of international legitimacy .
So much for the free-wheeling , libertarian reputation of Twitter .
The company announced Thursday that it could start censoring certain content in certain countries , a sort of micro-censorship widget that would pop up in a grey box on the Twitter feed .
Twitter explained the change in a blog post on Thursday :
" We have n't yet used this ability , but if and when we are required to withhold a Tweet in a specific country , we will attempt to let the user know , and we will clearly mark when the content has been withheld " .
In principle , that could apply to a message promoting Nazi ideology in Germany , a critical remark about the monarchy in Thailand , or perhaps even lines from " The Satanic Verses " in India , where the 1988 book remains banned .
Until now , the company explained , if a tweet had to be removed , it would vanish from Twitter pages worldwide .
The company did not have the ability to selectively remove it country by country .
Twitter declined to say how many posts it had removed in the past because it was asked to by a government authority . Twitter said it withheld content only in response to request from United States law enforcement officials .
Exactly why the company chose to make the change now remains unclear , except for its global ambitions .
" As we continue to grow internationally , we will enter countries that have different ideas about the contours of freedom of expression " , the blog post said .
That could be a reference to China , where an official firewall screens content and where neither Twitter nor Facebook , the world 's biggest social network , operates .
China has a hugely popular Twitter-like platform called Sina Weibo .
" One of our core values as a company is to defend and respect each user 's voice " , the blog post continued .
" We try to keep content up wherever and whenever we can , and we will be transparent with users when we can't .
The Tweets must continue to flow " .
The change could have wide implications , since the majority of Twitter users are outside the United States .
Facebook and Google can also take down content that is illegal in a particular country or violates the companies ' terms of services .
China 's gymnastics captain Chen Yibing kissed his silver medal and beamed at the crowd but admitted to feeling short-changed by the judges when he was pipped by Brazil 's Arthur Zanetti for the rings gold in his final Olympic Games on Monday .
The 27-year-old Chen , a three-time Olympic champion dubbed the " King of Rings " by adoring Chinese fans , appeared to have the title sewn up after a strong performance and a solid landing .
He was stunned , however , when the Brazilian , the last competitor to take the rings , scored 15.900 to pip him by 0.1 of a point , despite taking a step back on his landing .
" It 's still good , it 's a silver medal " , the amiable Chen told Reuters with a laugh .
" I was a little bit surprised ..
Seeing him not stand ( perfectly ) on the landing , I thought I would have beaten him .
But when the score came out he was the winner .
But I still have to congratulate him .
I really did bring my best today " .
Chen kissed the red frame of the apparatus after his routine and waved the " number one " finger at television cameras , but walked out of the arena as runner-up for a prolonged interrogation by a large throng of Chinese reporters .
He promptly announced his retirement .
" I decided before these Olympics because my body has a few injuries and there 's a lot of new talents coming through " , he said .
Chen , who had already taken a men 's team gold here last week , injured his knee training in Northern Ireland two weeks before the Games .
State media quoted his team as saying that it was a " minor " injury but Chen said he had carried the painful injury into the competition .
The eight-time world champion , has sporting blood coursing through his veins and was born the day his father won a local speed skating championship in his home town , the northeastern port city of Tianjin .
He started gymnastics when he was five and won his first rings and team world titles in 2006 , before going on to win both events at his home Beijing Games .
His retirement robs the world of one of its greatest rings specialists , but Chen , mindful of China 's vast strength in depth , was at peace with his decision to bow out .
" Next I 'm going to take a rest " , he said .
" Then I 'm going to take my mum and dad travelling , eat some nice gourmet food and raise a dog . I 've always wanted to have a dog " .
Could China help Europe conquer its debt woes ?
As European leaders face another tumultuous week of crisis talks , austerity cuts and bailout decisions , an offer of help will be fresh in their minds .
Last week , China suggested that it might be prepared to help Europe by acting as a buyer of last resort by making a major purchase of euro-denominated bonds .
Markets are hoping for more details when officials from the Bric countries - Brazil , Russia , India and China - meet in Washington on Thursday to discuss steps to offer support to the debt-ridden euro area .
But should and could China come to Europe 's rescue in the continent 's escalating debt crisis ?
Cash pile Certainly , China has the means .
Its foreign exchange reserves are the world 's largest at $ 3.2 trillion (  2tn ) .
China also has a vested interest in ensuring the global economy is stable and that demand for its products in Europe remains strong .
A weaker euro would make Chinese exports more expensive for Europeans .
But so far , says Dong Tao , Asia economist at Credit Suisse in Hong Kong , there is little evidence that the debt crisis has hurt demand for Chinese exports .
" My view is that China can and will buy a little more euro-denominated bonds as a token gesture " , Mr Tao says .
" If there were signs of a slowdown in China , you could see a more sizeable offer of help [ for Europe ]  but at the moment there is clearly not a slowdown " .
Political price Helping the indebted euro zone would also allow China to achieve other goals - few countries extend financial support without some strings attached .
Last week when offering to help Europe , Premier Wen Jiabao said he wanted Europe to treat China as a full-market economy , which could boost exports otherwise hindered by tariffs .
An offer of help could also help China in its quest to buy other assets in Europe that have so far been viewed with disquiet .
A recent $ 85.8m deal by a Chinese businessman to buy a remote , 300-sq-km Icelandic farm to build a leisure resort was viewed in some quarters as part of a broader Chinese strategy to build influence in the resource-rich Arctic .
China also has port projects in Piraeus , Greece , and Naples in Italy that have raised eyebrows .
" A friendly move by China may open the door to other assets coveted by China in Europe , like key infrastructure such as ports and [ investments in ] advanced manufacturing sectors , which China is building up " , says Ren Xianfang , an analyst at IHS Global Insight in Beijing .
More broadly , supporting Europe would help boost China 's role in financial diplomacy and its push for a new global financial order less dominated by Europe and the United States .
Sceptics Within China , many question whether a country where many still struggle to put food on the table and a third of the population still lives on less than $ 2 a day should help out Europeans with their arguably easier lives .
On web forums some Chinese are sarcastically wondering why " those who eat congee and pickles are being asked to help those who feast on steak and French wine . "
Even among the country 's elite , whose fortunes are perhaps more closely aligned to the global economy , there is a sense that China should not step up .
" When the world looks to us for help , we should keep our cool and not feel too flattered " , said Liu Changle , the chairman and chief executive of Hong Kong-based Phoenix Television , according to the Wall Street Journal .
" Life is much easier for No 2 " , he added .
" When the sky collapses , there will be a No 1 who will hold it up " .
Others point out that China could be facing a debt crisis of its own making given high levels of local government debt that could turn sour .
Not spare cash Mr Tao , at Credit Suisse , says these sentiments are valid given China 's still low GDP per head .
" Why should China use taxpayers ' money to help out the sovereign of Greece when the money could better help Chinese schoolkids ? " he said .
He also points out that China 's vast foreign currency reserves are not the spare cash people might imagine .
They have been accumulated by buying foreign exchange mainly to keep its currency weaker and , as such , its foreign assets are matched by domestic liabilities .
For each dollar or euro of foreign reserves there is the equivalent amount of yuan debt .
" This is not wealth , it is balance sheet expansion " , he says .
An editorial in the official People 's Daily over the weekend urged that the euro zone area should guarantee any investments China makes .
It also said that China should not take any rescue steps alone , urging co-operation with the EU , IMF and Bric countries .
With all this in mind , it seems unlikely that Beijing is suddenly going to splurge billions on eurozone debt and become the white knight many in Europe might have been hoping for .
Where is the experience of red in your brain ?
The question was put to me by Deepak Chopra at his Sages and Scientists Symposium in Carlsbad , Calif. , on March 3 .
A posse of presenters argued that the lack of a complete theory by neuroscientists regarding how neural activity translates into conscious experiences ( such as redness ) means that a physicalist approach is inadequate or wrong .
The idea that subjective experience is a result of electrochemical activity remains a hypothesis , Chopra elaborated in an e-mail .
It is as much of a speculation as the idea that consciousness is fundamental and that it causes brain activity and creates the properties and objects of the material world .
Where is Aunt Millie 's mind when her brain dies of Alzheimer's ? I countered to Chopra .
Aunt Millie was an impermanent pattern of behavior of the universe and returned to the potential she emerged from , Chopra rejoined .
In the philosophic framework of Eastern traditions , ego identity is an illusion and the goal of enlightenment is to transcend to a more universal nonlocal , nonmaterial identity .
The hypothesis that the brain creates consciousness , however , has vastly more evidence for it than the hypothesis that consciousness creates the brain .
Damage to the fusiform gyrus of the temporal lobe , for example , causes face blindness , and stimulation of this same area causes people to see faces spontaneously .
Stroke-caused damage to the visual cortex region called V1 leads to loss of conscious visual perception .
Changes in conscious experience can be directly measured by functional MRI , electroencephalography and single-neuron recordings .
Neuroscientists can predict human choices from brain-scanning activity before the subject is even consciously aware of the decisions made .
Using brain scans alone , neuroscientists have even been able to reconstruct , on a computer screen , what someone is seeing .
Thousands of experiments confirm the hypothesis that neurochemical processes produce subjective experiences .
The fact that neuroscientists are not in agreement over which physicalist theory best accounts for mind does not mean that the hypothesis that consciousness creates matter holds equal standing .
In defense , Chopra sent me a 2008 paper published in Mind and Matter by University of California , Irvine , cognitive scientist Donald D. Hoffman : Conscious Realism and the Mind-Body Problem .
Conscious realism asserts that the objective world , i.e. , the world whose existence does not depend on the perceptions of a particular observer , consists entirely of conscious agents .
Consciousness is fundamental to the cosmos and gives rise to particles and fields . It is not a latecomer in the evolutionary history of the universe , arising from complex interactions of unconscious matter and fields , Hoffman writes .
Consciousness is first ; matter and fields depend on it for their very existence .
Where is the evidence for consciousness being fundamental to the cosmos ?
Here Hoffman turns to how human observers construct the visual shapes , colors , textures and motions of objects .
Our senses do not construct an approximation of physical reality in our brain , he argues , but instead operate more like a graphical user interface system that bears little to no resemblance to what actually goes on inside the computer .
In Hoffman 's view , our senses operate to construct reality , not to reconstruct it .
Further , it does not require the hypothesis of independently existing physical objects .
How does consciousness cause matter to materialize ? We are not told .
Where ( and how ) did consciousness exist before there was matter ? We are left wondering .
As far as I can tell , all the evidence points in the direction of brains causing mind , but no evidence indicates reverse causality .
No one denies that consciousness is a hard problem .
But before we reify consciousness to the level of an independent agency capable of creating its own reality , let's give the hypotheses we do have for how brains create mind more time .
Because we know for a fact that measurable consciousness dies when the brain dies , until proved otherwise , the default hypothesis must be that brains cause consciousness .
I am , therefore I think .
A migrant worker 's child sits in a classroom on August 18 , 2011 , in Beijing , China .
Many migrant schools have been closed recently , leaving thousands of children without an education .
On the dusty streets of the ramshackle village of Dongba on the eastern fringes of Beijing , one question has dominated conversation since the new school term started last week :
" Have you found a new school for your kids " ?
Since the Beijing government suddenly ordered the closure of four schools in the village in mid-August , the parents of some 2,000 students have been scrambling to find somewhere else for their children to study this semester .
They 're not alone :
about 14,000 children in total have had to find new schools after the government shut down  and in some cases tore down  two dozen schools across the city this summer .
All of the closed schools shared one thing in common :
their students were the children of migrant workers , the army of undocumented rural laborers who have flocked to Beijing over the past two decades to find work and profit from the city 's economic boom .
The rash of closures has prompted critics to accuse the government of discriminating against migrants as a way of forcing them out or to stanch the flow of even more coming from the countryside .
Beijing has become increasingly worried about the size of its migrant population in recent years ;
the government estimates there are now 7 million migrants in the capital , about 36 % of the total population .
Migrants across China have long survived in legal limbo .
The country 's arcane household registration system ( known as the hukou system ) makes it virtually impossible for working-class migrants to register as official residents in big cities like Beijing , Shanghai and Shenzhen .
Without a residence permit , they have no access to local healthcare services or social welfare provisions , and can't enroll their children in local state-run schools .
But Beijing and other cities still need cheap laborers to toil on their construction sites and infrastructure projects , so a thriving ecosystem of illegal schools has sprung up , catering almost exclusively to the children of migrant workers and operating entirely under the radar .
It 's a system of questionable legality , but one to which the government has for decades turned a blind eye .
At least , until now .
This summer , the situation changed suddenly and without explanation in Beijing , according to staff at the schools .
" My school opened in 1998 and apart from the SARS outbreak in 2003 we have never been asked to close before " , says Liu Jigui , headmaster of the Yucai Elementary School , which used to cater to migrant children in Jiangtai village , outside Beijing 's wealthy Chaoyang district .
" But now we get a notice telling us that suddenly our school is not safe enough " .
Liu says he was never given a clear explanation why his school had to close .
They tell you this is n't up to grade , that is n't up to grade .
If they do n't want you to open the school , they will always find some reason .
Some of the schools were simply torn down over the summer  parents who arrived to register their children for the new school year found only piles of rubble where the buildings once stood .
" To be fair to the government , they tore down some of the schools , but maybe some of the schools should have been closed or torn down " , says Jonathan Hursh , founder of the Beijing-based NGO , Compassion for Migrant Children .
But from time to time , the local government will just react without a lot of forethought about the consequences of these actions , both on the 14,000-plus migrant children who are affected and their parents , and the psychological and emotional aspects of the pressures .
The government has promised to reassign all the children to officially registered schools  some state-run , some privately run but subsidized by the state  with better facilities .
" Not one student will miss out on school because of this " , a spokesman for the Beijing Municipal Education Commission told the state media .
But Hursh says the process of enrolling at the officially registered schools highlights the Kafka-esque nature of the migrant workers ' existence by requiring them to produce legal documents that they could never possibly attain .
" For instance , one document might be the rental agreement for your house , but these are informal houses that do n't even have an address " , he says .
" These are not even legal houses , so how can you have a formal rental agreement ?
It 's the same with employment .
When often these are informal jobs , how can you get a formal employment contract to show ? 
In response to parents ' desperate pleas , a small number of schools resisted the order to close . " We got a notice to ask us to close down the school , but the students in this area have nowhere to go " , says Wan Tian , the headmaster of Dongba Elementary School , where some 500 migrant children are enrolled .
" All our students have volunteered to come in , so we opened up regardless " .
Wan says his students have no way of gathering the documents required to register at official schools .
For now , at least , it seems city officials have tacitly accepted his decision to remain open .
Most migrant families , however , have had little option but to place their faith in the government 's promise of a better education for their children at the officially registered schools .
But concerns remain that the new schools are no better than the ones that were closed .
In Dongba , most students have been reassigned to Boya Elementary School , a privately run , government-subsidized institution on the outskirts of the village , 20 minutes by bike from the main residential area .
The school lies on wasteland , surrounded by piles of rubble and half-constructed apartment blocks .
The dirt track leading to the gate runs past a garbage dump and an open toilet .
Song Meiying has lived in Dongba for 11 years and operates a small shop selling construction materials from the front of her windowless home .
When she has time , she roots through the garbage to find recyclable materials she can sell for extra cash .
Her two young daughters were among the hundreds of children reassigned to Boya early this month .
While she has been told that her daughters will have a better learning environment in the new school , Song frets that Boya is not equipped to meet the huge influx of new students .
" Boya used to have 700 students , but from this year it has nearly 1,400 students " , she says .
" I really do n't know whether that 's much safer than their old school .
But we can only listen to the government , listen to the teachers " .
They say it 's safer  we have to hope so .
Red Carpetfor the Chinese Hotels AddMenu Items , Translators , Other Services for Growing Travel Segment The traditional Chinese rice porridge , called congee , will soon become a staple of hotel breakfast buffets in America and abroad as U.S.-based hotel chains compete for growing numbers of Chinese travelers .
The Chinese dish is part of a set of broaderinitiatives to attract Chinese travelers at hotel giants Hilton Worldwide Inc. and Starwood Hotels &amp; Resorts Worldwide .
This summer , both hotel companies arerolling out hospitality standards centered on items that cater to Chinese guests in hotels across the world .
Starwood plans to announce a program Monday called " Starwood Personalized Travel " ,
which will require the company 's 1,051 hotels  including the Sheratons , Westin and W chains  to offer a set of specific services for Chinese travelers , including in-room tea kettles , slippers and translation services , in addition to new menu items .
The program will start at 19 hotels in cities such as New York , London , Mexico City , Seoul and San Francisco , where Chinese business is rapidly growing .
The program will cover all Starwood hotels by the end of next year , the company said .
Hilton on Monday plans to announce a program for its Hilton Hotels &amp; Resorts brand called " Hilton Huanying"  from the Chinese word for " welcome " .
Hilton hotels can opt into the program .
Those that do  30 so far  must provide a front desk worker fluent in Mandarin and a Chinese television station , as well as a full Chinese breakfast including dim sum , congee and fried dough fritters , among other items .
It will begin in August .
" Chinese travel is going to provide one of the great opportunities that we'll ever see in the business " , said Hilton Chief Executive Chris Nassetta .
Marriott International Inc.  meanwhile , is planning a new Chinese breakfast program in the U.S. this fall that will include information for hotels on how to create a Chinese breakfast .
Chinese foreign travel is still a small segment of overall global travel .
But these moves by hotel companies signal the growing importance that Chinese travelers are expected to have in the coming years for the travel industry .
They reflect both the leap in China's economy and the loosening of restrictions on travel
since as recently as a decade ago , when Chinese were not allowed by their government to visit most countries .
" Outbound travel from Chinese is the next wave " , said Starwood CEO Fritsvan Paasschen .
The changes in part follow a script from the1980s .
As Japan's economy boomed , hotels in many cities in the U.S. and around the world added Japanese breakfast items such as rice , dried seaweed , pickled vegetables and miso soup to their menus .
The Starwood and Hilton Chinese programs are more formal and reach across their portfolio of hotels .
Attracting the new travelers is also urgent priority as growth in travel dollars from many markets softens .
Global hotel brands have seen significant pick-up this year following deep declines during the downturn .
However the boost has been far greater in Asia than other regions , reflecting in large part the growth of travel among Chinese .
In the first quarter of 2011 , for example , Marriott saw revenue per available room in Asia increase 17.2% compared to 5.8% in North America .
According to the U.S. Travel Association , 802,000 mainland Chinese residents visited the U.S. in 2010 , a 53% increase over the prior year .
In 2005 just 270,000 Chinese people visited the U.S.
The Department of Commerce expects those numbers to reach 994,000 in 2011 .
The U.S. received $ 5billion from Chinese visitors , according to the Association , a 40% increase over 2009 .
Japanese visitation in 2010 was much larger  around 3.1million .
Yet the trends are divergent .
From 2006 through 2009 travel from Japan declined each year , finally in 2009 reaching the lowest point since 1988 , according to the Travel Association .
After Starwood executives noticed an enormous recent jump in the number of Chinese subscribing to Starwood's loyalty program , a team led by Matt Gaghen , Starwood's vice president of brand management , spent the last year researching the Chinese market
and discovered that language and food were two of the most important issues for Chinese travelers .
As such , all Starwood hotels are to beginning efforts to hire at least one person on staff who speaks a Chinese language .
Chinese guests will receive a note from the general manager translated into Chinese that offers the amenities available to them , such as tea kettles , razors , toothbrushes and combs .
Since Starwood generally doesn't own hotels but sets standards for them , the changes could mean a cost increase for hotel owners in some places that don't yet see many Chinese travelers .
" We're planning and investing in this target ahead and to appeal to Chinese at the outset " , Mr. Gaghen said .
Two main themes of 2011's post-recession competition in the U.S. car market so far are :
1 ) the rebound of Detroit and 2 ) the stumbles of Toyota .
A third and equally significant development has drawn less attention , namely the surging fortunes of South Korean automaker Hyundai .
This summer , Hyundai begins selling its Accent small car in the U.S. , which is likely to contend strongly against Ford's Fiesta , Honda's Fit and Chevrolet's soon-to-be built Sonic .
Hyundai Accent :
Fiesta crasher ?
Hyundai is also capitalizing on a strategy to grab sales , mainly from Lexus and Infiniti , by pursuing a luxury-car strategy that is innovative and less costly than setting up a separate brand and dealer network .
Two years after introducing its Genesis sedan and coupe , the automaker is bringing out a face-lifted version with styling nips and tucks , as well as a more powerful engine and new eight-speed automatic transmission .
On the small-car front , Accent's bona fides are impressive .
Available in four-door and , soon , in five-door hatchback versions , Accent comes on the heels of Hyundai's Sonata game-changing midsize sedan and its compact Elantra , both of which are highly acclaimed by reviewers and are selling well .
The 40mile-per-gallon highway rating will undoubtedly catch the attention of budget-conscious consumers .
In the first five months of the year , Hyundai and its affiliate Kia together added 1.4 points of U.S. market share , compared with a collective gain of 0.9 points for General Motors ( GM , ) Ford ( F , ) and Chrysler .
On the basis of retail sales in May , not including sales to rental fleets , Sonata led all midsize family sedans , outselling the Chevrolet Cruze , Honda Accord and Nissan Altima .
What's all the more remarkable is that Hyundai's share gain through May comes off a much smaller base .
Detroit-based automakers account for 46.2% of the market , compared with Hyundai and Kia's 8.8%.
But no one is taking Hyundai lightly anymore , especially those who recall how Toyota ( TM , ) Honda ( HMC ) and Nissan were underestimated .
Hyundai's U.S. executives can take pride in more than just the improvements in vehicle quality and design .
The company 's marketers introduced an " Assurance " program in 2009 when unemployment was at its worst to guarantee car payments for buyers in the event that they lose their jobs .
That program didn't cost Hyundai much , its executives said , and kept sales strong .
With job loss now less of a worry , Assurance has been rebooted as a guarantee that when Hyundai owners decide to trade in their vehicles they will receive a minimum resale value .
The buyer of a new Hyundai Elantra , for example , knows month-by-month what the resale value of the car will be for four years from the day it's bought .
That amount can be applied toward purchase of a new Hyundai .
At the other end of their vehicle lineup , Hyundai executives are " thrilled " with the sales performance of the Equus luxury sedan , says Mike O'Brien , vice president of product planning .
The sedan has filched sales mainly from Lexus's LS460 sedan as well as Cadillac and Infiniti .
Because Equus is sold through Hyundai dealerships , a middle-of-the-road brand , dealers routinely pick up cars and deliver loaners to customers ' homes and businesses .
The company years ago decided that building a separate dealership was too expensive , at least for now .
" What's really valuable to our customers is their time " , O'Brien says .
By turning necessity into a virtue , Hyundai has forced its way into the high end of the market .
It's a player in luxury sales , albeit a small one .
Remembering how the industry once scoffed at the effrontery of Lexus and Infiniti , few are underestimating Hyundai 's future .
China inflation rate dips to a 30-month low in July
Rising consumer prices have been a hot political issue in many Asian economies
China's inflation dipped to a 30-month low in July , giving policymakers a bigger cushion to boost stimulus measures to spur economic growth .
Consumer prices rose by 1.8 % in July , from a year earlier .
That was down from a 2.2% growth rate in June and a 3% rise in May .
China has been looking to spur domestic consumption amid a slowing global demand for its exports .
China's economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in second quarter .
The drop in prices of pork and meat and poultry products ,
which fell by 18.7 % and 6.1 % from a year earlier respectively ,
were the key drivers of the slowdown in the rate of inflation .
Further easing ?
China 's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.6 % in the April to June period , down from an 8.1 % expansion in the previous three months .
There are fears that growth in the world's second-largest economy may slow further in the coming months .
As a result , Beijing has taken various measures to spur growth .
China's central bank , the People's Bank of China , has cut its key interest rates twice since the start of June .
That has taken the benchmark lending rate down to 6% .
It has also cut the amount of money the country's banks must keep in reserve , effectively giving them more money to lend to consumers and businesses .
Analysts said the slowdown in the growth of consumer prices may see policymakers introduce further measures to boost growth .
" This number gives more room for policy easing " , said Zhang Zhiwei , chief China economist at Nomura in Hong Kong .
He added that the rate of inflation was " likely be below the official 4% percent target for the year , so the policy focus for the government can stay clearly on growth . "
Stuff British designer and sculptor
Richard Grant doesn't like simple stuff .
And his unusual and stunning speakers is an excellent confirmation of it .
Richard decided to turn speakers into work of art .
Each piece is unique and is fully handcrafted in England .
Each handmade sculpture contains powerful speaker with a gold-plated " nests . "
Currently collection consists of three models :
a " robotic " droid , Italian Sculpture in the shape of a man's head and Female Ancestral Mask .
It's quite expensive pleasure , but the design is exquisite .
Autism may be environmental , but it can also run in the family Autism is a confounding neurological disorder that affects an estimated one in 110 U.S. children .
Three new studies published Wednesday may give researchers new avenues to eventually help autistic children such as Mireya Salazar , shown with her father Nelson .
Autism is an environmental illness -- at least in some cases .
Just as lead paint chips can cause learning disabilities and radon in the basement can cause lung cancer , certain chemicals and other outside influences seem to help set autism in motion .
But autism is also a genetic disease .
It definitely runs in families ,
and scientists have identified several specific genes that put kids at risk .
Scientists are trying to understand this complicated push and pull that molds a growing brain .
A new study of twins published in the Archives of General Psychiatry makes a case that the disease is about 60% environmental and 40% genetic .
Other experts quickly disputed the finding , claiming that genes are the biggest driver of autism .
This is one academic debate that actually matters to real families .
Like mine .
My 9-year-old son isn't severely autistic --
he has a strong vocabulary ,
he can bravely tolerate hugs ,
and he can more or less keep up in a mainstream classroom --
but he's stuck squarely on the autism spectrum , that hard-to-define neighborhood full of kids who are living in their own worlds .
He almost never makes eye contact ,
he's reluctant to try new things ,
and he just assumes that everyone else is fascinated with flying things , old Mac computers and the evolution of BBC promos .
Seriously , he'll give you the full rundown of promos from the 1950s to today if you ask , which I don't especially recommend .
His mom and I worry about his future in the larger world where social skills matter more than an encyclopedic knowledge of hot air balloons .
Of course , we'd also like to know how we got in this situation .
His older brother has some similar tendencies , but he's not as severely affected .
So what happened ?
We definitely do not blame vaccines .
The so-called link between vaccines and autism has never been scientifically proven ,
the main study that raised so many fears turned out to be " an elaborate fraud " , in the words of the journal that originally published it ,
and the rates of autism have continued to climb even after vaccine manufacturers removed thimerosal , the mercury-laced preservative that was the alleged autism trigger .
We understand that chemicals could have possibly played a role .
Women who are exposed to mercury , cadmium , or vinyl chloride before conceiving seem to be especially likely to have autistic kids .
My wife didn't exactly spend a lot of time hanging around thermometer factories , but who knows ?
It's at least theoretically possible that something got into her system and sent our son's growing brain down a strange path .
Interestingly , autism is also more common in the north , perhaps because moms there don't get enough sunlight to load up on vitamin D , a compound that plays a big role in development .
We live in Montana , so , again , who knows ?
Perhaps our address played a role .
But we also know that autism is complicated , just like our son .
Whether the true balance between genetics and environment is 60/40 or 40/60 or something else entirely , there is no single thing that made him who he is .
I can say for sure that his parents are strange in their own ways .
We can see shades of autism in each other ;
more than shades when we talk about our favorite subjects .
He never had any chance of being especially gifted athletically or socially .
But what could he have been if his world had been a little different in the early days ?
That study will never be conducted .
We 'll take him as he is , and we hope everyone else is ready for him , too .
Since the first few Julian Assange - saturated months of 2011 , the U.S. media have largely moved on to Arab revolutions and other sex scandals .
But WikiLeaks has continued releasing embassy cables -- fewer than 16,000 of the more than 250,000 have been published so far .
In contrast to its early , now - frayed partnerships with the Guardian and the New York Times , WikiLeaks is now working with local papers in countries like Peru , Haiti , and Ireland to release cables of national interest .
Here are a few of the highlights :
THAILAND With highly anticipated national elections approaching this weekend , the government certainly can't be thrilled with the State Department's candid assessments of the country's political turmoil and the health of its aging king .
And the circumstances surrounding the release of the cables are controversial , to say the least .
The cables were viewed and analyzed by Andrew MacGregor Marshall , a British journalist working in Bangkok for Reuters .
But the news agency decided not to publish his reporting on them due to " questions regarding length , sourcing , objectivity , and legal issues " .
Marshall says Reuters may be worried about the safety of its staff in Thailand , where insulting the royal family is an offense punishable by jail time .
So , Marshall resigned , left Thailand , and is writing on the cables anyway .
One cable suggests that it is " hard to overestimate the political impact of the uncertainty surrounding the inevitable succession crisis which will be touched off once King Bhumibol passes " and that his presumed successor , Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn " neither commands the respect nor displays the charisma of his beloved father " .
Another relays reports that the king is " beset long-term by Parkinson's , depression , and chronic lower back pain " .
But that's not nearly the best of it .
There are some more bizarre details as well .
The crown prince , according to the cables , now spends most of his time in Europe " with his leading mistress and beloved white poodle Fufu " -- the dog was named after one of his air marshals .
Needless to say , Vajiralongkorn -- next in line for the throne -- isn't much loved by the Thai people .
Another suggests the Thais might have a hard time accepting the crown prince's wife , Princess Srirasmi ,
as their queen because of a " widely distributed salacious video of the birthday celebration for the Crown Prince's white poodel Fufu , in which Srirasmi appears wearing nothing more than a G-string " .
HAITI In collaboration with the Nation , the Haitian newspaper Haiti Liberte has released a series of cables shedding light on U.S. involvement in the country between the 2004 coup that resulted in the removal of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide and the devastating 2010 earthquake .
In 2009 , for instance , the U.S. Embassy closely monitored the controversy over a proposed raise in the country's minimum wage --
Haitian workers are the lowest paid in the Western Hemisphere .
Students violently protested in support of the measure in June 2009 .
Then - President Ren Prval , however , delayed signing it into law under apparent pressure from factory owners .
U.S. diplomats cited a study by the Association of Industries of Haiti , arguing that the increase would devastate the country 's textile sector ,
thereby provoking anger in Haiti over the perception that the United States was lobbying to keep the country's wages low .
In another cable dating shortly after Prval 's inauguration in 2006 , the U.S. Embassy stated that it " will continue to pressure Preval against joining PetroCaribe " , a Latin American oil alliance led by Venezuela's Hugo Chvez .
Haiti eventually joined the alliance anyway .
In another , a group of ambassadors from donor countries discussed the country's upcoming ( 2010 ) election and decided to continue their support for the election despite concerns that the leftist Fanmi Lavalas party was being excluded from the vote .
Although there's no smoking gun here showing U.S. interference in Haitian politics , media reports on the cables have portrayed them as a continuation of a long history of American meddling on the island .
INDIA
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is already facing a long series of corruption allegations that have prompted street protests and calls for his resignation ,
and the soft-spoken economist took another hit in March when the Hindu obtained a U.S. Embassy cable from WikiLeaks detailing corruption in its most blatant form .
The cable , dated July 17 , 2008 , describes a meeting between the embassy political counselor and Satish Sharma , a high-ranking Congress Party MP , in the run-up to a parliamentary confidence vote on a U.S.-India nuclear deal , which was expected to be close .
Sharma told the embassy official that the Congress Party was working hard to ensure the Parliament's support for the deal and as proof , showed him " two chests containing cash and said that around Rupees 50-60 crore ( about $ 25 million ) was lying around the house for use as pay-offs " .
Another Congress official at the meeting mentioned that about $ 2.5million had been paid to four MPs to ensure their support for the agreement , considered one of the Bush administration's signature foreign-policy achievements .
The release of the document caused a new uproar in parliament and renewed calls for Singh 's resignation .
The officials mentioned in the cable denied the charges .
The Congress Party refused to discuss the cable , with Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee describing it as " a correspondence between a sovereign government and its mission abroad , and it enjoys diplomatic immunity .
Therefore , it is not possible for the government to either confirm it or deny it " .
PAKISTAN U.S. officials' concerns about Pakistan's nuclear program were among the highlights of the initial burst of WikiLeaks releases , but the cables have continued to have an impact on Washington's fraught relationship with Islamabad .
WikiLeaks partnered in March with Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper along with India 's NDTV and the Hindu to release a series of cables related to Pakistan .
These included a 2008 request from Pakistani Army Chief Ashfaq Kayani that the United States provide " continuous Predator coverage of the conflict area " of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas --
confirming the open secret that Islamabad had provided far more than tacit support for the U.S. drone program , despite public statements to the contrary .
The cables also show that the United States tried in vain to urge the chief of Inter-Services Intelligence to visit India in a gesture of good faith and cooperation following the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attack .
The cables also included strong criticism from then U.S. Ambassador Anne Patterson of President Asif Ali Zardari's handling of his feud with rival Nawaz Sharif and warned that he was starting to exhibit the obsessive and erratic behavior that led to the downfall of his predecessor , Pervez Musharraf .
Newly released cables also suggest that China may have continued to supply Pakistan with nuclear reactors as late as 2006 , despite its agreement not to as a member of the international Nuclear Suppliers Group , contributing to growing U.S. fears of the proliferation risk posed by the Pakistan .
Erin Mulvehill is a young photographer based in Brooklyn , who graduated with a BS honors degree in photography from Syracuse University .
Unlike many modern photographers , she shoots on analog 35mm film ( she scans the negatives to do post-processing in Photoshop . )
In this post you'll see the breath-taking photos captured in her Underwater to be reborn series , which has been dedicated to the waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
The Underwater series includes images of what resembles girls trapped under ice , frozen in time .
The photos are chilling and hauntingly beautiful .
There are twenty four images in the series , with at least a dozen different models .
The idea for the series , according to Erin , came to her in a dream .
And despite appearances , the photos were shot in a studio , not underwater .
You can find out more information about the artist at her website I Can Freeze Time
You can also view the series in person in Munich , Germany from July 1st - Setp . 30th at the Candela Project Gallery
Impossible chemistry : Quantum escape tunnel
Formaldehyde is a common component of molecular clouds ( Image : Photodisc/Getty )
Space is too cold for most chemical reactions  but they happen all the same .
Could atoms and electrons be going underground ?
It's very cold in space .
So the origin of some of the rather complex molecules found there , such as polymers , is a puzzle .
Most chemical reactions proceed through the formation of high-energy intermediate molecules , which then rearrange themselves into lower-energy products .
Energy , usually in the form of heat , is needed to get the reactants over this barrier .
According to standard " kinetic " theory , almost all molecules meeting each other in the frigid gas clouds that pepper the interstellar void would lack the energy to react .
In the 1970s , a Soviet chemist named Vitali Goldanski challenged that dogma .
His experiments showed that certain molecules involved in polymerisation reactions would keep on reacting even when chilled to 4 kelvin , only slightly warmer than the coldest parts of space .
Formaldehyde , a common component of molecular clouds , could come together in polymer chains several hundred molecules long with a little help from gamma rays or high-energy electrons - the sort of things often found zipping around in space .
How was this possible ?
Goldanski argued that the conventional picture was missing a crucial element .
Quantum rules dictate that particles such as the atoms and electrons involved in chemical reactions can get across energy barriers even if they don't appear to have enough energy using the process known as tunnelling .
Goldanski suggested that in the frigid environment of space , tunnelling keeps things going - perhaps even allowing the molecular building blocks of life to assemble on interstellar dust grains from simple ingredients such as hydrogen cyanide , ammonia and water .
Goldanski 's work was a curiosity at the time , but the principle of the quantum assist is now well established .
Some biological reactions catalysed by enzymes are more efficient than kinetic theory predicts because they involve the movement of hydrogen ions - lone protons that are particularly prone to quantum tunnelling .
Yet we can still be taken by surprise .
In June last year , Wesley Allen of the University of Georgia in Athens and his co-workers trapped a highly reactive free-radical molecule called methylhydroxycarbene in an inert matrix of solid argon at 11 kelvin .
It has unpaired electrons that predispose it to react fast - although supposedly not at such low temperatures .
Not only did the methylhydroxycarbene react , though , it also formed the wrong product .
The molecule can rearrange its atoms to form either acetaldehyde or vinyl alcohol , but the energy barrier to making vinyl alcohol is lower , so more of this product would be expected .
Instead , the reaction delivered a large amount of acetaldehyde ( Science , vol 3321 , p 1300 ) .
Allen proposes that although the barrier to making acetaldehyde is higher , it is also narrower , making it easier to tunnel through .
That tunnelling could happen through such high barriers " was quite a shock to most chemists , " he says .
Busy Bees Need a Balanced Diet :
Bees fed just one variety of pollen may be less able to sterilize the hive's food .
Credit :
Alban Maisonnasse Bees worldwide contribute an estimated $ 215 billion worth of work to agriculture , with industrial farmers often bringing in swarms of bees to pollinate many hectares of an individual crop .
But does pollinating monocultures threaten the insects' health ?
A study published today suggests that forcing bees to feed on just one type of pollen can reduce their ability to synthesize an enzyme needed to protect hives from infection .
" This is a really good first step " , says behavioral ecologist Marla Spivak of the University of Minnesota . " In the past , there have been studies on the protein and amino acid content of the pollen but no linking of that to the immune systems of the bees " .
Honeybee populations in many countries , including the United States , appear to have declined markedly in recent years .
Many commercial beekeepers have been devastated by a mysterious syndrome known as colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) in which many worker bees vanish .
Some research has suggested that the bees' immune systems have been suppressed or that they are less able to defend the hive from parasites .
Entomologist Cdric Alaux of the French National Institute for Agricultural Research in Avignon wondered if the diets of bees might be altering their immune systems .
" We know that in humans , protein is very important to the immune system , and beekeepers had been telling us that protein nutrition was very important to the bees , but no one had really tested it " , says Alaux .
So Alaux 's team divided newborn bees from local colonies into groups of 80 and reared them in cages .
Each group was fed a preparation of pollen with a different protein content ; some preparations comprised the pollen of only one type of flower , whereas others were a mixture of pollen from various flowers .
After 5 days , the team measured four chemical indicators of immune system health of the bees .
To Alaux's surprise , the bees fed with higher-protein pollen did not show any signs of superior immunity .
But when the team compared bees fed a varied diet with those fed just one type of pollen , they found something more interesting .
Bees fed pollen from a variety of plants showed about 40% higher levels of a hormone called glucose oxidase .
Workers bees use this hormone to sterilize the food fed to larvae , protecting the next generation and contributing to the collective immunity of the hive .
Next , Alaux 's team plans to see if colonies resist infection in fields with diverse plants .
They also want to find out whether chemicals in particular types of pollen can be linked to specific immune functions so that the beekeepers can optimize bees' diets .
Tranquility in the City :
Times Square yoga fest honors solstice Mario Tama / Getty Images Bernice Acosta and other enthusiasts perform yoga in Times Square during an event marking the summer solstice on June 21 , in New York City . Thousands of yogis will attend the free day-long event in Manhattan on the longest day of the year .
Yoga practitioners salute the sun while celebrating the solstice in Times Square on Tuesday .
Naty Horev , left , and other enthusiasts perform yoga .
Cable's Broad Band Betsy Kenny Lack and Annie Leibovitz spotlight eight execs who have made cable TV a woman's world .
By Betsy Kenny Lack  Photograph by Annie Leibovitz July 2011 From left :
Debra Lee , Abbe Raven , Lauren Zalaznick , Christina Norman , Anne Sweeney , Judy McGrath , Bonnie Hammer , and Eileen O'Neill , photographed in New York City .
This is not a man 's job .
In the rough-and-tumble world of cable television , it is the women who are emerging as the powerhouses behind such splash-making shows as The Secret Life of the American Teenager , Deadliest Catch , Burn Notice , and Intervention .
Once the province of Golden Girls repeats , cable channels are now hotbeds of original programming , bringing in both ratings and revenueat the time of this shoot , the properties run by these women were valued at well over $ 100 billion .
Anne Sweeney ran Disney's cable properties with such successmore than quintupling the Disney Channel's subscriber basethat she was eventually given oversight of the entire Disney-ABC television group .
The crown jewel of NBC Universal is Bonnie Hammer's division , which includes the USA Network and generates well over $ 1 billion in operating profit annuallynearly 10 times the value of the NBC network .
Hammer's corporate sibling Lauren Zalaznick presides over a juggernaut of reality franchises , including Top Chef and The Real Housewives .
Debra Lee led BET to a record year by picking up The Game , now the most watched sitcom in cable-TV history .
Eileen O'Neill transformed TLC with such groundbreaking fare as Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8 and Sarah Palin's Alaska .
Abbe Raven , who first gained notice at A&amp;E with such unconventional programming as Dog the Bounty Hunter , now heads up 10 cable channels , including History and Lifetime .
But the chaotic universe of cable television is never at rest .
On May 5 , Judy McGrath , whose revitalization of MTV Networks was fueled by the explosive success of such shows as Jersey Shore , stepped down as chairman and C.E.O. after a 30-year run .
Less than 24 hours later , Christina Normanwho , as C.E.O. of the Oprah Winfrey Network , supervised the most closely watched launch of a cable channel everwas fired after a rocky start .
Might the experienced McGrath , who was reportedly wooed by Oprah from the beginning , shift to OWN ? Stay tuned !
Keywords Cable , Women , Betsy Kenny Lack , Annie Leibovitz
Every public speaking expert will tell you to get to know your audience ahead of time .
But what do you do with that information ?
You need to adjust your presentation to meet their needs in several ways :
Consider their comprehension .
For example , a presentation to a technical group of decision makers is going to contain more quantitative detail than a presentation to a group of less technical junior managers .
Include everyone .
With a mixed audience , try to address different perspectives explicitly to keep everyone interested .
For example , " This will affect the product managers like this ..
and the engineers like this " ..
Establish common ground .
If you suspect the audience may be hostile , begin by emphasizing concerns you share .
Turn the negative into a positive , if possible .
Today 's Management Tip was adapted from the Harvard ManageMentor Online Module : Presentation Skills .
IMF forced Germany to guarantee Greek bailout Acting IMF chief threatened to trigger sovereign default if Berlin failed to come to rescue of Greece Germany was forced to agree to bail out Greece for the second time in a year under strong pressure from the International Monetary Fund following the resignation last month of its head , Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the Guardian has learned .
Under its acting chief , the American John Lipsky , the IMF has taken a more hardline stance .
The fund warned the Germans in recent weeks that it would withhold urgently needed funds and trigger a Greek sovereign default unless Berlin stopped delaying and pledged firmly that it would come to Greece's rescue .
Senior officials and diplomats in Brussels confirmed that the IMF threat to pull the plug on its funding , in stark contrast to the more emollient line of Strauss-Kahn , had been defused because of a German climbdown .
As political turmoil continued in Greece on Thursday , with the prime minister , George Papandreou , scrambling to form a fresh government , the stage was being set for a political struggle between Europe's powerbrokers over the fine print of the proposed new 100bn-plus rescue of Greece .
Berlin is deeply at odds with France and with the key EU institutions  the European Central Bank ( ECB , ) the European commission , the presidency of the EU , and the head of the eurozone , Jean-Claude Juncker , prime minister of Luxembourg  over the terms of a deal .
While conceding the need for the fresh bailout , Berlin is insisting that the banks and other private creditors holding Greek debt take losses as part of the rescue plan , which is expected to amount to 125bn ( 110bn , ) or about 90bn if the Germans succeed in forcing losses on holders of Greek bonds .
Although international stock markets enjoyed a calmer day on Thursday , Juncker believes that imposing losses on investors could trigger a European version of the Lehman Brothers bank collapse  a so-called " credit event . "
Juncker said :
" It's a really ugly situation .
The [ German ] idea is dangerous .
It could provoke the gravest risk , that all three rating agencies declare a credit event and then there are big contagion risks for other countries " .
Nout Wellink , a member of the ECB's governing council , warned that the EU bailout fund would have to double to  1.5tn if Greece does fail to pay its debts and spreads financial turmoil to other countries .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy goes to Berlin on Friday for a summit with German chancellor Angela Merkel , with the aim of stitching up a compromise .
Under Greece's first 110bn bailout , shared by the EU and the IMF , a fifth tranche of 12bn is to be disbursed next month .
Publicly , the IMF had been threatening to withhold its share of the money unless Greece's funding gap for 2012 is closed .
But Olli Rehn , the European commissioner for monetary affairs , said on Thursday that the EU and the IMF had agreed to throw Greece the 12bn lifeline by next month to forestall a default .
Privately , sources said that Lipsky challenged the Germans on the fringes of a G8 summit in France almost three weeks ago , and demanded that Berlin guarantee Greece's borrowing requirements and put a figure on the pledge .
The IMF ultimatum came a week after Strauss-Kahn , a former French presidential contender , resigned as IMF chief following his New York arrest on charges he denies of attempted rape and sexual assault of a hotel chambermaid .
Berlin blinked , according to participants in the negotiations , and 10 days after the IMF challenge , the Merkel government admitted for the first time that Greece would need a new bailout .
But it stoked further controversy by demanding that Greece 's private creditors take losses on their loans .
Before a series of crucial EU meetings starting this weekend , Berlin looks increasingly isolated in its demands , spelling trouble for Merkel at home , where the rescue of spendthrift eurozone countries is deeply unpopular .
Merkel 's junior coalition partner , the liberal Free Democrats , on Thursday reiterated the need for the banks to take some of the pain in the Greek crisis .
The rescue scenario is also hostage to developments in Greece , with European leaders anxiously eyeing the political turmoil in Athens and questioning whether Papandreou would be able to deliver on his side of the bargain :
savage spending cuts and tax increases aimed at raising 28bn , combined with a 50bn privatisation programme .
" We expect the Greek parliament to endorse the economic reform programme as agreed by the end of June " , said Rehn .
" We will not let the euro area face any kind of catastrophe " .
The turmoil sent the euro tumbling to a record low versus the safe-haven Swiss franc , and intensified pressure on the region's other lower-rated states , highlighted by weakening demand at a Spanish bond auction .
Senior officials in Brussels worried that time was running out . Papandreou's attempt to form a government , win a vote of confidence and then drive the austerity package through parliament could take longer than scheduled , jeopardising the planning in European capitals .
Olympic Physics :
How Pole Vaulters Go Over the Top An athlete makes an attempt in the women's pole vault qualification at the European Athletics Championships in Helsinki , Finland , Thursday , June 28 , 2012 .
Photo :
Matt Dunham / AP When you think about it , the pole vault is quite interesting .
There is a bar 4 to 5 meters high that you want to clear . Jumping won't cut it .
Your only option is to run as fast as you can and use a long pole to vault over the bar .
Historically , the pole vault was first used to get over canals and marshes . It was simply a matter of maximizing your horizontal distance .
In the mid-1800s , some bright guy thought he'd see how high he might get pole vaulting .
The modern pole vault was , according to Wikipedia , born with its first proper competition in Germany in 1950 .
The original poles were stiff , but over time flexible poles of fiberglass and , later , carbon fiber allowed athletes to achieve ever-greater heights .
The current outdoor record , set by Sergey Bubka in 1985 , stands at an amazing 6.14 meters .
So , how does this work ?
This is a great example of the work-energy principle .
In case you don't recall your high school physics , the work-energy principle essentially says the work done on a system is equal to the change in energy for that system .
For the case of a pole vaulter , I can pick the Earth , the pole and the vaulter all as the system . This means that there is no work done and I can write the following for the change in energy :
Here , K is the kinetic energy and the other two terms are for the gravitational potential and spring potential energy .
Let me go ahead and write the definitions of these energies , just to be thorough .
The question to look at is : How important is the running part of a pole vault ?
When dealing with the work-energy principle , you must always choose two positions to examine .
In this case , let me start with position No.1 right at the end of the vaulter's run and position No.2 when the vaulter is at the highest point .
Here is a diagram :
Notice that I skipped the whole " the pole bends " part .
If I assume there is no energy lost during this time ( no work done on the system , ) then that part doesn't matter .
What does matter is that at position No.1 , the person is running and has kinetic energy .
Then , at point No.2 , the person isn't moving ( at least not too much , ) so there isn't any kinetic energy .
I can let the potential energy be zero at position No.1 .
This means that the potential energy at position No.2 just depends on the increase in height of the center of mass of the vaulter ( as seen in the diagram . )
And what about the spring potential energy ?
At both position 1 and 2 , the pole is not bent . This means that there is no spring energy stored in either position .
With this , I can re-write the work energy equation as :
One nice thing is that the mass cancels .
Let me now use this to find out how fast you must run to get to reach Bubka 's outdoor record of 6.14 meters .
First , the height is the height of the bar , not the change in height for the center of mass .
I will use a change in height of maybe 5 meters . In this case , I can solve for the needed velocity beforehand and I get : Just to get a feel for this speed , 9.9 m/s is about 22 mph . Yes . That is seriously fast .
That is why this calculation is mostly wrong . Yes , wrong .
There are two things missing .
First , the vaulter doesn't just run but instead runs and jumps .
If a person just stands still and jumps , they could probably increase the height of his or her center of mass by at least 0.5 meters .
The other extra energy comes from right before position 2 . The vaulter isn't an inanimate object . Instead , he or she can push on the pole to gain extra height .
Both of these would mean that the vaulter wouldn't have to run as fast .
But what about the pole ?
Isn't the pole important ?
Of course you can't pole vault without a pole .
To see the effect of the pole , consider the energy kinetic energy during the run .
If the runner were moving vertically , this motion would carry the vaulter to the height as described previously .
However , the vaulter is running horizontally .
So how do you take this kinetic energy associated with the run and change it into energy needed to move vertically upward ?
The answer :
Cheat energy , that is .
This is where the pole comes into play .
As the runner plants the pole in the ground , the pole flexes .
The flex in the pole is almost exactly like the compression of a slinky .
The more the pole bends , the greater the stored elastic potential energy .
As the horizontal motion stops , the pole then releases this stored elastic energy as it pushes the vaulter upward .
So , in short the pole takes horizontal kinetic energy and stores it before using it to increase the gravitational potential energy of the vaulter .
Why Leaves Fall in the Fall on 20 February 2009 , 12 &lt;a
news.sciencemag.org/sciencenow/assets_c/2010/02/200922031-thumb-autox600-1950.jpg " title " = Behind the foliage .
Leaf cells might undergo an annual chain of events that kills them causing leaves to drop from trees every autumn .
Credit :
Jupiter Images The annual spectacle of leaves turning color and falling to the ground has long inspired poets , entranced children , and tasked homeowners with autumn raking .
For their part , scientists have puzzled over the genetic mechanism that kills off cells one by one until a leaf drops .
A new report outlines a genetic chain of events that kills off leaves , although researchers are split on whether the true culprit has been identified .
Hong Gil Nam , a molecular geneticist at South Korea's Pohang University of Science and Technology , and his colleagues set out to unravel how leaf cells die each year by comparing the aging process in a mutant and a wild strain of Arabidopsis , a small flowering plant in the mustard family that is a model for studying plant biology .
The mutant holds onto its leaves longer than the wild type .
Nam's team searched for genetic differences between the strains and homed in on a particular gene , oresara 1 ( ORE1 ) .
They found that ORE1 produces a protein whose levels rise over time , triggering the loss of chlorophyll and other processes that cause leaves to age .
The group also found that in young leaves ORE1 was held in check by micro RNA , a kind of small molecule that controls gene expression .
The micro RNA , miR164 , has been implicated in aging in Arabidopsis and was part of a complex genetic chain that changed as leaves aged .
As a leaf aged , activity of a gene called EIN2 increased and suppressed miR164 .
This allowed for more ORE1 , accelerating the loss of chlorophyll and triggering other aging processes in leaves .
All this " makes aging hard to escape " , says Nam .
The group reports its results in today's issue of Science .
The paper is garnering praise as well as raising questions .
" The proposed mechanism is compelling " , says John Thompson , a molecular biologist at the University of Waterloo in Canada .
Susheng Gan , a molecular biologist at Cornell University , says the mutant type used by the group shows only slightly delayed leaf senescence , making it a less-than-ideal model to work with .
Regardless of whether this or some other mechanism controls aging , researchers expect that the processes found in Arabidopsis are likely to be conserved in other plants .
One goal , aside from improving understanding of aging , is improving crop yields .
In certain crops , delaying leaf senescence might one day allow more grain or fruit to mature , boosting yields .
" The real concern for agriculture is premature senescence and death induced by disease organisms and environmental stress " , says Thompson .
Games news from E3 Nick Gillett E3 The Electronic Entertainment Expo , recently held in Los Angeles , is the videogame world's biggest annual event , acting as a kind of hype lightning conductor for the next couple of years' blockbuster games and new hardware .
Below is a glimpse of what we'll be playing in the near future .
The games As ever , this year's E3 did a brisk trade in sequels .
The Elder Scrolls V :
Skyrim promises a role-playing experience even more vast than its immediate predecessor , but with more focus and less tendency to get lost in menus ;
Dust 514 brings console gamers into massively multiplayer online space opera EVE , casting them as planet-locked mercenaries for hire ;
adventurous Uncharted 3 :
Drake 's Deception looks beautiful , as befits a franchise that's rapidly becoming PS3 's flagship ;
Halo 4 is on its way , not that anyone doubted that for a second ;
Minecraft , the limitlessly popular , modification-friendly indie sandbox game is coming to Xbox ;
BioShock Infinite's move from sea bed to cloud city seems appropriately vertigo-inducing ; while Battlefield 3 looks how you'd imagine real war might .
And finally a killer application for 3D TV : Resistance 3 will be capable of showing a separate full-screen image to different players on the same telly .
Microsoft Kinect .
E3 is huge , but within that the announcements made by the three big hardware manufacturers are its highlights .
This year Microsoft had only one thing on its mind :
Kinect .
Controller-free play is now infesting everything from Mass Effect 3  awkwardly call out voice commands to cohorts in battle and choose conversational responses  to Ghost Recon :
Future Soldier , where you use Minority Report-looking gestures to upgrade guns , to head butting Romans in Ryse .
Kinect is fascinating technology , but so far , apart from the psychedelic Child Of Eden , hasn't added terribly much fun .
Sony Vita .
Although lacking Microsoft's pathological obsession with motion control , Sony still appeared determined to shoehorn Move , its high-precision take on the Wii-mote paradigm , into just about everything .
But there was also PlayStation Portable replacement Vita ( out later this year , ) which adds a large touchscreen , two serviceable analogue joysticks , cameras and a rear touch panel , the latter being easily the most intriguing facet of what could finally be a threat to Nintendo's handheld gaming hegemony .
Golden Abyss and an equally gorgeous Little Big Planet , both seemingly delivered without compromise on a portable .
Nintendo Wii U . Its share price may have tanked for days afterwards , but Nintendo probably " won " this year's press conference face-off .
Announcing Wii U ( out 2012 ) , a console that looks very much like a Wii , but with HD graphics and using controllers that are as much like an iPad as they are conventional joypads . With a 6.2in touchscreen , two analogue sticks and the usual tilt and accelerometer controls , Wii U also lets you use all the various remotes , guns , SNES-style pads and games that worked with Wii and which may already be cluttering up your living room .
The announcement of the Nintendo eShop for 3DS was soon followed by its launch and it's a great deal more solid and reliable than its creaky DSi forebear was .
Pokedex 3D and Excitebike 3D are available as free downloads .
India Rising before the sun , a lone camel trader sits near his fire to keep warm while he waits for the day of trading to begin at the Nagaur Cattle Fair in Nagaur , India .
Rebalancing the global economy need n't be painful  just let China grow US policymakers should forget punitive tariffs against Chinese imports , letting China grow rich might do the trick Many take as fact that the current pattern of global imbalances  large and persistent trade deficits and surpluses across different parts of the world , eventually unsustainable  is due to China and the rest of east Asia consuming too little and saving too much .
Since the global economy is a closed trading system , trade deficits and surpluses across all national economies must sum exactly to zero always .
Therefore , because one part of the world saves too much and runs trade surpluses means other parts of the world  notably the US  must be running trade deficits .
However , just because deficits and surpluses are tightly inter-connected does not mean that trade surpluses in China , say , have been responsible for US trade deficits :
absent further information , causality could well have flowed in the opposite direction .
Moreover , China's high savings might be dynamically welfare-optimising for its citizens  for instance , private enterprise in China might find self-accumulation the only way to generate investment funds  and , at the same time , only minimally if at all welfare-reducing for already - rich US citizens .
Finally , it might be that global imbalances should best be viewed not as a bilateral ( US-China ) problem but instead a multilateral one .
Be all that as it may , many US policymakers focusing on US trade deficits and China's trade surpluses urge policy actions against China to rebalance the global economy .
Those policy actions include punitive tariffs against Chinese imports and tagging China a currency-manipulator  and thus moving it yet further from official free-market status .
Some observers remark that without such external pressure , China will find it domestically too difficult to shift away from its reliance on export promotion , infrastructure investment , and restrained consumption towards a more balanced growth path .
The problem :
to raise China's domestic aggregate demand , especially consumption .
The difficulty :
China's consumption cannot increase quickly enough to compensate for the shortfall in aggregate demand should both investment and exports decline .
The danger :
a hard landing for China and the global economy .
I want to suggest that such a redirection need not be that difficult .
My proposal :
let China grow rich as quickly as possible .
Why might this do the trick ?
( The charts above and below come from a term paper that Daisy Wang wrote for my course Ec204 The Global Economy at the LSE-PKU Summer School , August 2011 .
The underlying data are from China's National Bureau of Statistics ) .
Second , as John Ross reminds us , investment too is aggregate demand .
But , third , continuing to increase China's investment in , among other things , infrastructure and transportation can help further as it allows those western , poorer regions in China better to integrate both nationally and globally , and thus become richer through raising demand and productivity .
While many observers make much of China's high investment to income ratio , it is useful to note that that ratio is high not just because its numerator is being driven up , but also because the denominator remains so low .
The right state variable for dynamic analysis in a neoclassical growth model is capital per head , not capital per unit of income .
And in the graph above we see how China still has a long way to go on the upside .
The evidence I've described doesn't of course say that global imbalances can be easily erased through just more economic growth in China .
However , the algebraic signs of the required relations seem to me to point at least in the right direction .
Careful work to quantify these effects might end up showing that their magnitudes aren't large enough .
But , as far as I know , that calibration has not been done , which makes me wonder why some observers can be so certain that China's current growth trajectory can only exacerbate global imbalances .
When China becomes rich , that will also dramatically lower inequality in the world  globally , the difference in incomes per head across nations overwhelms that across individuals within a single country .
No one I know arguing for a more egalitarian society also says that that push for equality should stop at their nation's borders and be kept from applying seamlessly across humanity's 7billion .
Even the Russians , as well as Western governments , must think Syria would be better off if the regime is decapitated before descending into sectarian chaos FOR all the talk of an early endgame being played out in Syria in the aftermath of the bombing that killed four of Bashar Assad's key security enforcers , Western governments and their intelligence services are not betting on the regime's imminent collapse .
The battle under way for Syria's second city , Aleppo , may end with Mr Assad's forces holding the centre and other key points while the rebels are forced back to the fringes , where they may nibble away for months .
If Aleppo falls , the regime will probably go down fast .
But that may not happen soon .
Mr Assad's own fate  either death or flight  may , however , be sealed .
The destruction he has wrought on his people has surely disqualified him from any settlement .
As things stand , Western intelligence services think he is more likely to be ousted by a palace coup than by the kind of military collapse that engulfed Muammar Qaddafi .
Indeed , the idea of replacing Mr Assad with somebody from within the regime is circulating in intelligence circles , and may even hold some attraction for the Russians , hitherto Mr Assad's staunchest foreign backers .
The UN and the Arab League seem , for the moment , to be making little or no diplomatic running .
Neither the Syrian armed forces nor the rebels seem able to inflict a decisive defeat on the other .
Both are capable of taking ground but not holding it .
The rebels have the advantage outside the main population centres and may now control more than half the area where most Syrians live , in villages and small towns , mainly in the western third of the country .
But they have been pushed back by Mr Assad's forces whenever they try to seize one of the country's main cities , such as Homs , Hama and parts of Damascus .
The rebels have become wilier at retreating tactically ( as they have done from Damascus ) rather than fighting to a futile death .
If Mr Assad's men reimpose their grip on Aleppo , the rebels are likely to retreat before they are wiped out , for all their current grandiose predictions of imminent victory .
The rebels ' small arms are still no match for the regime's artillery , tanks and helicopter gunships .
Reports of large-scale help from Gulf Arabs may be exaggerated .
Saudi Arabia's support seems so far to be mainly rhetorical .
Qatar is providing cash to buy anti-tank weapons and rocket-propelled grenades that can be brought in through Lebanon .
So far it has not directly supplied more sophisticated arms .
The Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) has captured a fair amount of equipment , including some functioning Russian tanks .
But its main weapons are AK-47s and rocket-propelled grenades .
It has a few anti-aircraft guns mounted on pickup trucks .
It does not yet have a plentiful supply of ammunition .
Some reports say it has some laser-guided Russian Kornet anti-tank missiles that can hit targets up to a distance of more than five kilometres ( three miles . )
Libya and the United Arab Emirates , both keen backers of the FSA , have them .
There have been reports that the rebels may have got some portable surface-to-air missiles .
Despite the defections of a score of generals and hundreds , perhaps thousands , of soldiers , Mr Assad's forces are not yet facing the kind of wholesale switches of loyalty that dished Qaddafi .
No complete units are reckoned to have joined the rebels ; the senior command structure is intact .
As the conflict becomes more sectarian , the loyalty of some mainly Sunni army units may come into question .
The brunt of the fighting has been borne by the Republican Guard and the 4th Mechanised Division led by Maher Assad , the president's ruthless brother .
Both units are manned almost entirely by Alawites , from the minority Shia offshoot to which the Assad clan belongs .
With the best equipment and training , this 50,000 - strong force may fight to the death .
The Syrian air force , once commanded by Mr Assad's father , Hafez , is also an Alawite stronghold .
The Russians will not dump Mr Assad quickly .
Many thousands of Russians in Syria provide military and technical assistance .
Some cite the lessons of the war in Chechnya , scolding Mr Assad for not reacting earlier and more ferociously to the revolt .
Russia has no personal commitment to Mr Assad . But its strategic and commercial interests are big enough for it to do a lot to prevent the Syrian state's collapse .
Indeed , the interests of Russia and the West could , in some respects , converge .
For one thing , Western governments are nervous about the nature of the Syrian opposition .
Secular-minded rebels still predominate , but jihadists with links to al-Qaeda are coming in .
Neither Russia nor the West wants a new government in Syria to export jihadist zealotry to its neighbours such as Iraq , Jordan and Lebanon , let alone to Palestinians under Israeli occupation or in Gaza .
Nor do they want any of Syria's stockpile of chemical weapons to fall into al-Qaeda's hands .
The idea that the embattled regime may withdraw to an Alawite sanctuary in Syria's north-western mountains is not regarded as likely .
But Syria's Alawite generals may in the end conclude that their chances of survival , literally or under a new regime , would be higher if they were to dispense with the Assads .
Hence the growing talk in Western intelligence circles of " decapitating " the regime , rather than overthrowing it entirely .
This would require the opposition to strike deals with Sunni generals .
France has recently touted Manaf Tlass , a defecting Sunni general from a powerful family hitherto close to the Assads , as a transitional figurean idea soon dismissed , however , by virtually all of the opposition .
One reason for the vogue for decapitation is that Western governments see no viable opposition front , as there was in Libya , that could step into the vacuum if Mr Assad were to go in a hurry .
The Syrian National Council , consisting mainly of exiles , is failing to gain diplomatic traction .
The FSA and the local committees valiantly organising resistance within Syria have so far created only tenuous national networks .
As Aleppo burns , expect a lot more foreign scheming behind the scenes .
The Little Dipper Image Credit &amp; Copyright :
Rogelio Bernal Andreo Explanation :
At 2nd magnitude , Polaris is far from the brightest star in the night sky .
But it is the brightest star at the left of this well-composed , starry mosaic spanning about 23 degrees across the northern sky asterism dubbed the Little Dipper .
Polaris is famous as the North Pole Star , a friend to navigators and astrophotographers alike , but it's not located exactly at the North Celestial Pole ( NCP ) either .
It's presently offset from the NCP by 0.7 degrees .
Sliding your cursor over the picture will locate Polaris and the NCP as well as other stars of the Little Dipper .
The stars are shown with their proper names preceded by their greek alphabet designations within the ancient constellation Ursa Minor , the Little Bear .
Dust clouds suspended above the plane of our Milky Way Galaxy are also faintly visible throughout the wide field of view .
The theory of general relativity is as relevant to us today as it was when it was formulated , as a discovery about space-time reveals Gravity B probe .
Photograph :
Guardian After working for half a century and spending 500m , scientists last week revealed that they have detected strange fluctuations in Earth's orbit .
Space - time is bent and then twisted round our planet as it rotates , announced researchers with Nasa's Gravity Probe B project .
The effect is tiny but crucial , they added  and was predicted almost 100 years ago by Albert Einstein in his great theory of gravity , general relativity .
According to Einstein , an apple falls to the ground not because it feels the force of Earth's gravity but because the apple is responding to the curvature of space-time near the Earth's surface caused by the planet's huge mass .
In the same way , the Sun bends space in a manner that allows Earth to revolve around it .
Crucially , the theory raised a host of other predictions that scientists have been confirming for the past century .
The findings of Gravity Probe B are the latest in a long list of these many vindications of Einstein's genius and reveal how his great theory touches our lives in unexpected ways .
" We have completed this landmark experiment of testing Einstein's universe " , said project leader Francis Everitt , of Stanford University .
" And Einstein survives " .
Everitt began work on Gravity Probe B in 1962 and has worked on nothing else since , although he had many close shaves , with the satellite being cancelled and then revived on seven occasions before it was eventually launched in 2004 .
Then , after the probe reached orbit , spurious electrical signals were found to be distorting data that it had sent back .
It took five years ' study before scientists found how to extract clean data from it .
Results of the analyses of this data were revealed last week . They showed that Earth does indeed bend space-time .
It was also found that , as our planet rotates , it drags space-time with it  a phenomenon known as frame-dragging . The effect is like spinning a spoon in a cup of tea , causing the liquid to start swirling round inside the cup .
These phenomena are tiny , it should be noted .
In the case of frame-dragging , space around Earth turns at a rate of 37 one-thousandths of a second every year because our planet pulls it round as it revolves  a rate predicted by Einstein .
" The probe's results are a great achievement , but we should not think of them as a new proof that general relativity is right " , said Graham Farmelo , physicist and author .
" Einstein was shown to be correct long ago , only a few years after he came up with the theory .
However , we are still testing out all its predictions .
The results from Gravity Probe B are just the most recent , successful outcomes " .
In fact , the premise of Einstein's theory of general relativity was proved within three years of its publication in 1916 .
British astronomer Arthur Eddington was involved in an expedition to Prncipe island in west Africa , where he photographed the total solar eclipse of 1919 .
The photographs showed that the positions of stars whose light rays passed near the Sun appeared to have been slightly shifted because their light had been curved by the Sun's huge gravitational field .
This was noticeable only during an eclipse because the Sun's brightness would otherwise obscure the affected stars .
" Eddington presented these as a triumph for general relativity , and Einstein , who was known to physicists but not the public , became a star overnight " , said Farmelo .
For his part , Einstein never had any doubts that he was right .
When asked how he would have reacted if Eddington's observations had disproved his theory , he replied :
" I would have felt sorry for the dear Lord . The theory is correct " .
Since then , scientists have produced many other confirmations .
One example was provided by US astronomers Russell Hulse and John Taylor , who discovered two dense collapsed stars , known as neutron stars , that were in orbit around each other and that were losing energy that could only be explained through the gravitational radiation , another phenomenon predicted by Einstein .
In 1993 Hulse and Taylor were awarded that year's Nobel prize for physics .
" General relativity touches our lives in many unexpected ways " , added physicist Dr Charles Wang , of Aberdeen University .
" Another effect that is predicted by general relativity is the phenomenon known as gravitational time dilation .
This states that time slows down as gravitational strength increases , a fact that has been confirmed by GPS satellites .
These carry atomic clocks that have to run at a different speed to those on the ground because gravity is greater there .
If you didn't , the world's GPS system would break down " .
" Einstein's theory of general relativity is one of the most beautiful pieces of scientific work in history " , added Farmelo .
" But it is not the whole story .
It explains how massive objects affect space and time , but it tells us little about how very small sub-atomic particles behave " .
This point was acknowledged by Wang .
" We still have to test how gravity behaves at a sub-atomic , quantum level " , he said .
" We hope to do that with a project called the Space-Time Explorer Quest , which the European Space Agency is now studying " .
Together with Wang's group , scientists at Birmingham , the Rutherford-Appleton Laboratory and the National Physical Laboratory , along with German researchers , have proposed building a probe that would use caesium or rubidium atoms , cooled close to absolute zero , to test the effect of gravity at the sub-atomic level and , they hope , provide data that could reconcile relativity and quantum theory .
" That won't be for another 10 years or more " , said Wang .
" That means we are going to have a lot of work to do on general relativity for quite some time " .
Slate formation and culture tone , is the result of the earth's crust movement , sand and cement ( siliceous content , calcium carbonate , clay , ferric oxide , calcium sulphate , etc ) . after long-term huge pressure compression bonding and form a sedimentary rock .
At present the main color for cyan , black , green , pink , brown , brown , shallow ash , yellow etc .
Plate stone not only plate reason is rich , and quality of a material is solid , colour and lustre is quaint , bibulous rate is low , no radiation pollution , has the inferior smooth , prevent slippery , acid and alkali resistant , refractory hardy , resistance to weathering , can struggle sex is good wait for a characteristic .
Mineral composition with mica is given priority to , time for chlorite , quartz , a small amount of pyrite and calcite .
New plate stone sand is higher , calcium and pyrite is more , lithologic hard .
Ore body for calcium silk YunBan rock and ore fines silk YunBan rock , single layer thickness for 1-5 cm .
All School Rules Are in Effect Freshman Winter After Madame Broussard checked us in at curfew , the common room cleared out except for Dede , me , and Amy Dennaker , who was inside the phone booth ; she kept laughing and saying , " Shut up " !
I looked down at my notebook .
" Okay " , I said to Dede . " What's the reproductive pattern for the protist Euglena " ?
" Binary fission " , Dede said .
" Right " .
In my head , I repeated , binary fission , binary fission , binary fission .
It astonished me that Dede , who seemed to expend most of her energy grooming herself and trying to be ingratiating with people more popular than she was , retained such information effortlessly while I was averaging a C in biology .
It was not clear to me how I'd arrived at this juncture gradewise , because before entering Ault , I'd never received lower than a B plus in any class .
Either Ault was a lot harder than my junior high had been , or I was getting dumberI suspected both .
If I wasn't literally getting dumber , I knew at least that I'd lost the glow that surrounds you when the teachers think you're one of the smart , responsible ones , that glow that shines brighter every time you raise your hand in class to say the perfect thing , or you run out of room in a blue book during an exam and have to ask for a second one .
At Ault , I doubted I would ever need a second blue book because even my handwriting had changedonce my letters had been bubbly and messy , and now they were thin and small .
" What about for bacteria " ?
I said . " What's the reproductive pattern called " ?
" For bacteria , it's binary fission and conjugation .
It can be " " What are you guys doing " ?
Amy Dennaker had emerged from the phone booth and was regarding us with more interest than usual .
The month before , in February , Amy had scored a hat trick in the ice hockey game against St . Francis and then , in the third period , broken her nose .
This made her , to me , even scarier .
" If you're studying for tomorrow , don't bother " , Amy said .
Dede and I looked at each other . " We have a biology test " , I said .
" No , you don't " .
Amy grinned . " You didn't hear it from me , but tomorrow is surprise holiday " .
" What's that " ?
I said , and at the same time , Dede said , " That's awesome .
Are you sure " ?
I turned to Dede . " What's surprise holiday " ?
I said .
" How do you know " ?
Dede asked Amy .
" I can't reveal my sources .
And you can never be totally positive .
Sometimes , if Mr . Byden thinks too many students know , he'll cancel it .
But look at it this way :
It can't be on a Wednesday because of sports , it's not usually on a Monday or a Friday because it would be lame if it was just attached to the weekend , and it's almost always before spring break .
So that leaves Tuesday and Thursday , and the boys ' basketball game against Overfield was rescheduled for next Tuesday .
Next Thursday , some presidential speechwriter dude is coming to speak fourth period .
And the week after that is the week before spring break .
You never know for sure until you see the green jacket , but basically , process of elimination says it's tomorrow " .
Dede was nodding .
Apparently , she had heard about the green jacket .
" Here's another thing " , Amy said . " Alex Ellison has a history paper due tomorrow , but he told people at dinner that he hadn't even started it " .
" Why does that matter " ?
" Alex rooms with Henry Thorpe , and since Henry is one of the senior prefects , he would know for sure .
The prefects are the only students who find out ahead of time .
And Henry would definitely tell Alex " .
" Would Henry be allowed to tell " ?
I asked .
Both Dede and Amy looked at me as if they had forgotten my presence .
" No " , Amy said . " But so what " ?
She seemed to suddenly remember who I was :
a dorky freshman she didn't know very well , sitting with my only slightly cooler roommate .
Clearly , she had not meant to be this generous with her time or her information .
" Do what you want " , she said . " You guys can study all night long if it floats your boat " .
I waited until she had disappeared up the staircase , then turned to Dede .
" So are you going to explain this to me or not " ? I still didn't particularly like Dede , but there was no one I felt closer to at Ault .
Back in December , Little Washington had been asked to leave less than twenty-four hours after I talked to Madame Broussard , and when we gathered in the common room for curfew you could feel the difference , the new emptiness .
Little herself was gone her parents had come to get her and , just like that , her room was cleared out and so was the suspense of who was stealing , or when it would happen next .
Around two in the morning , I was having such bad stomach pains that I went into the bathroom , sat on the floor by the toilet , and stuck my finger down my throat .
Nothing emerged , but I gagged a few times , then leaned over the bowl , considering the toilet from this angle the calm water , the curving porcelain .
I had been there for about twenty minutes when Dede pushed open the unlocked stall door .
" Could you leave me alone " ?
I said , and she said , " You did the right thing .
You didn't have a choice " .
In the common room , Dede said , " Surprise holiday is an Ault tradition .
Once a year , classes get called off to give us a break " .
I thought of my C in biology and wasn't sure I deserved a break . " When you see the green jacket at roll call , that's when you know " , Dede continued .
" Mr . Byden might be making an announcement and he'll take off his jacket , and the green jacket will be on underneath , or someone will jump out from under the prefects ' desk wearing it . Something like that " .
" So we don't have our test " ?
" I guess not .
At least until Friday " .
" Then we don't need to study " .
" Well " . Dede bit her lip .
" We probably should just to be safe " .
" I'm tired " , I said .
" If we study now , we won't have to tomorrow " .
I looked at her she was so responsible .
It was as if I were seeing a version of myself from a year before , the version who had convinced my parents to let me go to Ault , against their better judgment , by saying it would be a first-rate educational experience .
Now I was a different person , someone unlike Dede .
She could study because she approached her life straightforwardly .
But I was living my life sideways . I did not act on what I wanted , I did not say the things I thought , and being so stifled and clamped all the time left me exhausted ;
no matter what I was doing , I was always imagining something else .
Grades felt peripheral , but the real problem was , everything felt peripheral .
" I'm going to bed " , I said .
I left Dede in the common room , peering at her biology notes .
At breakfast , Hunter Jergenson recapped a dream she'd had involving space aliens , which prompted Tab Kinkead to ask if maybe it hadn't been a dream after all but an abduction , and then Andrea Sheldy-Smith , who was Hunter's roommate , told a long story about how she had accidentally used Hunter's toothbrush , and Tab said to her , " So basically you guys have made out " ?
I was constantly amazed at the ridiculous topics raised by other people , especially by other girls , and I was equally amazed by the enthusiastic responses their ridiculousness elicited .
Of course , maybe being ridiculous was the pointthe way they didn't give off the painful feeling that something was at stake .
No one at the table brought up surprise holiday , and I felt a growing suspicion that either Amy had been wrong or this possibility had occurred to me in the middle of the night she had duped us .
At chapel , Mr . Byden spoke about the importance of humility , and I scrutinized his expression for a sign that there would be no classes . He did not give one .
Generally , I liked chapel :
the rickety straw seats , the dim light , the impossibly high arched ceilings , the sound of the organ when we sang hymns , and the wall in back where the names of Ault boys who had died in wars were carved into the stone .
But today I was restless .
At roll call , I could feel an extra sense of anticipation , a chatty exuberance .
At the desks around mine , no one was studying , as people usually were before and during the announcements ; everyone was talking and there were loud , frequent bursts of laughter from every direction .
Aspeth Montgomery , the blond , mean girl for whom Dede functioned as an acolyte , was sitting on the lap of Darden Pittard , who was our class's cool black guy; Darden was good at basketball and from the Bronx and ,
( The other black guy in our class , who wasn't cool , was Kevin Brown- Kevin was a skinny chess whiz who wore glasses , whose parents were both professors at a university in St . Louis ) .
I saw Darden make fish lips at Aspeth , as if to kiss her , and then I saw her take his face in her hand , her thumb on one cheek and her index finger on the other , and pretend to scold him , and as I watched , I thought that probably , almost definitely , today was surprise holiday . How could it not be ?
Henry Thorpe had to ring the bell three times before people were quiet enough for roll call to start .
The first announcement , from Mrs . VanderHoef , was that anyone going on the Greece trip in June needed to make sure their parents had sent in the five-hundred-dollar deposit .
Then a junior boy whose name I didn't know said he'd left his math notebook in the library and if you saw it , please give it to him .
The third person to go was Dean Fletcher , who ambled up to the platform where the prefects ' desk was , which Henry and Gates stood behind .
After Little's expulsion , my interest in Gates had waned almost completely .
Not because of anything Gates herself did but , I think , because I associated Gates with Little and with all my discomfort surrounding that situation .
Gates soon seemed like someone a friend of mine , rather than I myself , had once been preoccupied by .
I still felt a flicker of interest when I saw her , but only a flicker .
" A couple things " , Dean Fletcher said . " First off , breakfast ends at exactly five to eight .
I've been getting reports of you guys complaining to the dining hall staff ' cause you overslept but you still want your pancakes " .
People laughed , mostly because everyone liked Dean Fletcher .
" When the staff tells you they've stopped serving , it means you better hustle to chapel .
Got that ?
Next thing is , the mail room is a pigsty .
Your mothers would be ashamed of you " .
He reached into a cardboard box set on the prefects ' desk ; I had not previously noticed it .
" Exhibit A " , he said , and my heart rate increased , but all he held up was a rumpled New York Times .
" Papers go in the recycling bins " .
The next thing he held up was a pair of earmuffs . " Anyone want to claim these ?
Nope ?
Then I get to keep ' em for myself " .
He clamped them on his head , and then I knew for sure .
" Or " he said , and he looked around the big room at all of us waiting .
He smiled .
" How about this " ?
All I saw before the room erupted was a flash of hunter green fabric .
Everyone around me was screaming .
Girls hugged , and boys slapped each other on the back .
I did not scream or hug anyone .
In fact , as the noise gained momentum , I felt its opposite , a draining of excitement . But not a draining of tensionmy body was still stiff and alert , and the impulse I had , strangely , was to weep .
Not because I was sad but because I was not happy , and yet , like my classmates , I'd experienced an emotional surge , I too felt the need for expression .
This phenomenonbeing gripped by an overwhelming wave of feeling that was clearly not the feeling of the people around me had also happened at a pep rally :
It made me uncomfortable , because I didn't want anyone to notice that I wasn't jumping up and down or cheering , and it also thrilled me , because it made the world seem full of possibilities that could make my heart pound .
I think , looking back , that this was the single best thing about Ault , the sense of possibility .
We lived together so closely , but because it was a place of decorum and restraint and because on top of that we were teenagers , we hid so much .
And then , in dorms and classes and on teams and at formal dinner and in adviser groups , we got shuffled and thrust together and shuffled again , and there was always the chance that you might find out one of the pieces of hidden information .
This was why I felt excited when life was different from normal , when things happenedsnow and fire drills and the times we had chapel at night , evensong , when the sky outside the stained glass windows was black .
Depending on circumstances , a wild fact could be revealed to you , or you could fall desperately in love .
In my whole life , Ault was the place with the greatest density of people to fall in love with .
We should always work to be better people .
We have the tools , and they shouldn't be wasted .
How you decide to become a better person is up to you .
It may mean being a better spouse , parent , sibling , son , or daughter .
Perhaps it means being a better provider , a better employee , or a better employer .
No matter what it means to you , it means work . One should not shy away from the work that it takes to improve as a person .
With that said , if you need a little direction then here are 3 hacks to be a better you :
1 . Diet and Exercise Are you tired of hearing this ?
There's a reason that you see and hear it everywhere . It works .
No one says that you should look like a perfect genetic specimen , and no one expects you to .
Being in good physical condition , however , is one of the biggest keys to being a better you .
It helps you to feel better about yourself .
Not only does it boost your confidence , but you feel better physically and mentally .
Of course there are the numerous health benefits that come from diet and exercise too .
" Diet " doesn't mean that you have to go on some crazy fad diet where you cut out solid food and implement a liquid-only diet , or that you have to eat only 200 calories a day until you starve yourself into a size 0 hospital gown .
It means maintaining a balanced and healthy diet .
Half of it is common sense , really .
Don't eat that half pound slice of German Chocolate Cake . Reach for the yogurt instead .
Have some fresh fruit instead of those greasy potato chips .
Don't eat before bed .
The simplest things can make such a big difference .
In that same vein , " exercise " doesn't mean that one has to train for a triathlon .
It simply means that people should stop spending so much of their free time on the sofa .
Do some aerobics or yoga , go for a jog , or do something to remind your heart that sometimes it needs to shift gears before it forgets how to .
2. Focus on Fulfillment Many people use such a variety of empty ways to pass time .
They waste their time on so many things that don't matter .
I don't think that I really need to give examples here , but a few things come immediately to mind , such as reading celebrity gossip and channel surfing the television .
Focus on activities that make you feel fulfilled .
If you have kids , spend time with them , and make some memories .
If you don't have kids , why not plant a garden ?
Perhaps learning a new skill might interest you .
You could learn to paint , cook , golf , ski , kayak , surf , or one of so many other options .
The point is , find something to spend more of your free time doing that will create a much deeper sense of accomplishment and fulfillment within you , rather than being concerned about which celebrity just entered rehab , or which A-list couple just separated . 3 .
3. Visualize What You Want to Do Visualization can help you achieve things by getting you in the proper mindset to do so .
First , figure out exactly what you want to do in life and what you want to be .
Do you need a career change ?
Is there a specific job that you want ?
Perhaps it's something else , like you want to be a better parent , or you want to have more influence with your friends and family , at work , or in your community .
Whatever the case may be , determine what it is that you want , and visualize it .
Not just once , but visualize it all the time .
Every chance you get , and every time you think of it , visualize everything that you want .
Visualize yourself doing , being , or getting that thing which you desire .
Visualize yourself driving the new car that you're going to buy after you land that new job .
Visualize yourself living the lifestyle that you want after you make that career change .
Visualize yourself being a better parent or having more influence , and the potential results of those .
An excellent example of this ( and I do not take credit for this  it has been used before , but it's a very effective example , ) is to recall a time when you put a puzzle together .
When you visualize not only the end goal , but the results and provisions that will come from it , it will help motivate you to start working toward that goal .
Your thoughts and actions will begin to calibrate and align with that target , and you'll be on your way to achieving it .
Often , the only thing holding a person back is that person . Don't let that be you .
Go after whatever it is that you want .
You deserve it .
But you should start by visualizing it !
Nightlife during the Mesozoic era was full of activity and fraught with dangers , suggests a new study that found some dinosaurs and prehistoric reptiles were nocturnal , with carnivorous dinosaurs likely sneaking up on victims after dark .
The discovery , published in the latest issue of Science , counters the traditional view that , in order to conserve energy , these animals were active only by day , leaving the night to small mammals .
Nighttime was , in fact , the right time for some pterosaurs , including a fish-eating species and a filter feeder that probably lived like a duck .
Numerous predatory dinosaurs and reptiles that lived 250 to 65 million years ago also came alive at night .
" This makes sense because given their small body size they were probably able to approach their prey very closely before attacking " , co-author Lars Schmitz told Discovery News .
" Even if the prey had a good sensory system to notice a predator closing in , the success rate of a nocturnal attack may be higher than a diurnal attack " .
Schmitz , a researcher in the Department of Evolution and Ecology at UC Davis , and colleague Ryosuke Motani made the determination by studying a bony eye feature known as the scleral ring ( shown here in the day - and night-active dinosaur , Saurolophus osborni . )
Diurnal , or day-active , animals with the ring have a small opening , whereas nocturnal animals have a much larger opening to maximize light at night .
Schmitz and Motani measured the inner and outer dimensions of this ring , plus the size of the eye socket , in 33 fossils of dinosaurs , ancestral birds and pterosaurs .
They also took the same measurements in 164 living species , which confirmed their belief that this type of investigation accurately predicts what time of day an animal is active .
No known fossils for big carnivores , such as Tyrannosaurus rex , ( shown here ) retain sufficiently well-preserved scleral rings , so these impressive hunters weren't included in this study . The researchers can make some educated guesses , though .
" Trex was very large compared to the predators that we analyzed in our study " , Schmitz said . " Given its enormous size , we think it was likely day-and-night active , an opportunistic predator that did not have to rely on the dark mantle of the night to sneak up on its prey " .
He added , " Day-and-night activity would also fit with the scenario of Trex being a scavenger .
The scientists further determined that the sizes and shapes of an animal's eye features are affected by ecology and ancestry .
This helps to explain why two closely related animals might have similar eye shapes even though one animal is diurnal and the other is nocturnal .
The researchers even wrote a computer program , outlined in the journal Evolution , which explains how to tease apart a species ' ecological influences from its ancestral ones .
This program , along with other analysis techniques could allow paleontologists to learn more about how these species lived and how their environments influenced their evolution .
Lawrence Witmer , a world-renowned paleontologist and professor of anatomy at Ohio University , describes this latest research as " truly exciting , in part because of what it tells us about dinosaurs and their activity patterns , but also , it's a great example of the kind of modern work that's being done on extinct animals that draws inferences based on meticulous comparisons in the modern-day realm .
Witmer believes we're now " in a golden age of dinosaur biology " , with important discoveries on dinosaur physiology being made too .
Such research , he concluded , " sheds a new light on dinosaurs which is handy because a lot of them were running around in the dark ! "
K . Galbraith once said , ' Politics is not the art of the possible . It consists of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable ' .
He could have been speaking of the decisions we keep putting off about how we pay for future care of the elderly .
Yet the urgent need for decisions was underlined this week by the Office for National Statistics .
It revealed that already 1 in 6 of us is over 65 , with 430,000 over 90 .
That compares with just 13,000 nonagenarians in 1911 .
But finding resources is not the only thing we should think about .
Every day now we seem to hear about instances of neglect or worse on the part of some carers .
What is going wrong ?
Last week in Newcastle someone told me about her elderly father .
He's in his eighties and receives care at home .
The care is good . However , the carer has the greatest difficulty completing her tasks because her elderly client wants her to stop and talk to him all the time .
Could this be a clue to the one thing needful ?
Caring is more and more task-focused with little time for chatting .
Yet the talking is valuable in itself , and in conversation , other things are learnt , which if not acted on lead to bigger problems .
But job descriptions increasingly squeeze out the possibility of simply talking . It looks like dead or wasted time . Then disasters follow .
Christians are reminded of the importance of making this sort of time for others in two ways .
There is the example of Jesus . He engages in conversation with those he helps  because that is an important part of the care .
As he talks he helps others understand why a need has to be met and he gives confidence to those who are helped .
But there is a second way in which Christians are actively trained to make time for one another .
It's incorporated into the principal act of worship , the communion service .
Just before receiving the sacrament of bread and wine , the priest invites the congregation to share the peace of Christ with one another by shaking hands with those around them .
It's a short , unscripted moment when the flow of the liturgy is put on hold and people take time out to notice and greet one another .
And what is done in the context of the liturgy , breaks the ice for a conversation to be picked up over coffee afterwards .
The exchange of peace and the after service gathering is a way the Church fashions its members in the importance of simply making time for somebody else , and to talk .
There must surely be a way of enabling this to happen again in those institutions and at those points where the elderly are cared for and where time for conversation is not always valued .
The danger is that in pursuit of what is most cost-effective , such time is more likely to be factored out than factored in .
Five ' 90s Comic Book Movies That Could Use a Reboot Back in the early ' 90s , Tim Burton delivered " Batman , " a genuinely good movie and completely different from anything we'd seen before .
This wasn't Adam West in an ill-fitting leotard . It was grittier , artier , and just basically the last thing people expected from a Batman movie .
It became a massive phenomenon :
I still have my Batman sneakers .
This phenomenon was immediately followed with a string of either flat-out awful turkeys that went straight for the camp ; movies that were solid , but not necessarily franchise carriers ;
or movies that were genuinely good , but mismarketed .
So , we're looking at those movies of twenty years ago , and seeing what could stand a reboot . #
5 ) Steel Oh , Good God , was this a disaster .
You think " Batman and Robin " was bad ?
This was so , so much worse .
For those of you who have blocked this out , yes , it's the DC character , and yes , it stars Shaq .
The fact that it features a black guy in powered armor is about the only similarity this has to the comics .
So , yes , this could stand a reboot . Start by hiring an actual actor .
4 ) Judge Dredd We're perfectly aware that this is being rebooted already , but it was so awful that we had to include it .
It's not just that the movie itself was terrible , although if there's a better example of mid-'90s action movie excess we haven't found it .
It's that the original comics were so good , and the movie missed the point so , so , badly . #
3 ) Dick Tracy Ever read the original Dick Tracy comic strips ?
They're actually fairly shocking ; dark , violent , often grotesque . It's hard to believe these things ran in newspapers in the ' 30s and ' 40s and were popular with kids .
And while we have a certain affection for Warren Beatty's star-studded and lurid attempt to make this into a franchise , it doesn't quite work .
A slightly grittier , less cartoony attempt might , though . # 2 ) Mystery Men From strong source material , an almost total botch .
We feel bad about this one particularly because the material was great , but the whole thing was completely , utterly , miscast .
It was packed to the gills with trendy young comedians of the era ( Janeane Garofalo , Ben Stiller , etc ) . and worse , they cut them loose on the script .
We love Eddie Izzard , but we don't need him to write a superhero parody .
The original comic is a pretty solid send-up of comics at the time by Bob Burden .
The movie was turned into a fairly bland comedy about superheroes by people who didn't read and didn't care about comics .
So a remake with somebody who does might give this movie the tone it needs to work , instead of a string of sight gags and fart jokes featuring people in costume . #
1 ) The Rocketeer Out of all of these , this is the one the most faithful and certainly the most respectful to the original comic , and they get a lot right :
the period setting , the characters , and the sheer nostalgia and beauty of Dave Stevens ' art and writing .
This is a movie where the cast and crew genuinely liked what they were doing .
The problem is , well , this was a movie aimed at kids , so it's not quite willing to pull the trigger on some of the darker aspects that made the comic work , like Cliff Secord being kind of a self-involved jerk and how that gets people killed , or Betty being naked a lot .
Here's a good drinking game : count how many times a character gets conked on the head or knocked on their ass , and it's supposed to be funny .
So , now that Disney has discovered it can make movies for adults , like , say , " Pirates of the Caribbean , " we think a " Rocketeer " reboot with a more adult sensibility would be a huge hit .
Especially if you get Jennifer Connelly back , and get her to do those nude scenes in the original comics . We're just saying image courtesy
9 : 32 : 18 P.M. EDT CTU Headquarters , Los Angeles Tony 's land line warbled . He reached across his desk and grabbed the receiver .
" Almeida " .
" There's a Marine Corps captain checking in at the security desk and asking to see Ms . Myers . But the Chief of Staff is not responding to my call " .
" Nina 's in the middle of a video conference with Bill Buchanan from the Seattle office " , Tony replied .
" I'll be right there " .
Tony locked down his computer and headed off to the security desk . On the way , he stopped by Jamey 's area and picked up the latest printout on the mysterious memory stick , which he stuffed into the folder under his arm .
He glanced at it first , disappointed to find they had discovered next to nothing in the past two hours of " expert analysis " .
At the security desk , Tony discovered that not all Marines are created equal .
This particular captain had blond hair caught in a ponytail , a killer figure in a dress blue uniform , and clear blue eyes to go with her two silver bars .
" Captain " , said Tony , offering her a smile with his hand .
" I'm Agent Almeida , head of intelligence here at CTU " .
Nearly as tall as Tony , the woman met his openly appraising gaze as she took his hand in a firm grip .
" I'm Captain Jessica Schneider . Commander of the Special Weapon Analysis Unit in South Korea " .
Her name jarred his memory cells , but the context eluded him .
" Welcome to Los Angeles .
Come with me and I'll bring you up to speed " .
As they moved through the busy command center , Captain Schneider took in the setup while Tony deciphered the ribbons and service pins that adorned her uniform .
" First Marine Division " ,
Tony observed . " Looks like you and I ate some of the same dirt " .
A half smile crossed her full lips .
" You're a jarhead " ?
" Ex " .
" You're missing all the fun , then " .
Tony discerned a slight Texas drawl , another clue he felt was important , but he had yet to make the connection .
They arrived at the cyber-analysis section . Tony ran his key card through the lock , opened the door .
" We actually have lots of fun here at CTU , too " .
Tony offered Captain Schneider a chair , then slid the latest report on the memory stick under her nose .
" This is what we've got , so far " .
Captain Schneider opened the folder , leafed through it . She lifted two photographs of the object and studied them closely .
After a moment , she reached into her pocket and donned delicately framed reading glasses .
" And you found this memory stick where " ?
" At LAX , this morning " , Tony replied .
" It was attached to an array of tubes in the hands of a suspected terrorist .
The device looked like a shoulder-fired anti-aircraft missile launcher . Unfortunately we lost both the terrorist and the device when the group self-destructed to avoid capture " .
Captain Schneider closed the file .
" This data stick you recovered is a component in the most advanced handheld anti-aircraft missile launcher developed to date by the hostile regime in North Korea " . Tony was impressed .
" You're sure " .
" I've seen one before . The launcher , not the memory stick " .
" On the DMZ in Korea " ?
Captain Schneider's blond ponytail bobbed when she shook her head .
" On the Texas/Mexico border . About eight weeks ago , the DEA grabbed a launcher in a narcotics raid .
The system is highly advanced . It has been code named Long Tooth by the Pentagon .
The launcher has twin firing tubes and a computer programming system that interfaces with the missiles themselves .
Unfortunately no missiles were recovered so we don't know their capabilities as yet " ..
" How did the Marine Corps find out about it ?
The DEA isn't known for sharing intelligence with the military " .
" I found out through a ..
personal contact .
I know someone on the House Intelligence Oversight Committee " .
Tony Almeida closed his eyes a nanosecond , stifled a groan .
" Your father - he's Congressman Roy Schneider of Texas " ?
The Captain nodded . To cover her discomfort , she changed the subject .
" Have you retrieved any data from the memory stick " ?
" It's encrypted .
We have an expert on North Korean software trying to crack it now . No progress to report " .
Captain Schneider felt it , just then . The instant chill . One mention of her father and there it was :
clipped words , tense posture , guarded look .
Amazing how fast he shifted , she thought . While she was not surprised by the CTU agent's reaction , she was more than a little disappointed that he had so easily - and predictably - made the same assumptions as everyone else .
No matter how hard she worked , no matter what she accomplished , every time her colleagues discovered the identity of her father , they immediately assumed that she had attained her rank and position through nepotism rather than merit .
Captain Schneider rose , tucked the file under her arm . When she spoke , she added frost to her own voice .
" Agent Almeida , I'd like to meet this expert of yours , see for myself how the decryption is progressing " .
Not so long ago we 've featured 25 Creative and Original Mugs .
This time we want to show you another interesting collection of salt and pepper sets .
Kitchen in every home has such sets and this post will help to find the proper one .
These creative , innovatie and definetely very stylish salt-and-pepper sets will expand your imagination .
And again we do not recommend not watch the last set to impressionable people because of its provocative character .
Enjoy !
BODUM Twin Dual Salt and Pepper Grinder [ via Amazon.com ] Salt and Pepper Sterling Crown Mills [ via Jonathan Krawczuk ] This set is just a concept but looks so gorgeous that we decided to include it in pur list .
Designer Jonathan Krawczuk gave crowns to the pepper as the " king " of spices and to the salt as the " queen " of spices .
WMF Two-in-One Stainless Steel Salt &amp; Pepper Set [ via Amazon.com ] This salt &amp; pepper units are put into each other as a set forming a practical and shapely unit .
Dolly Salt and Pepper Shaker [ via Velocity Art And Design ] . Rockers Mini Salt &amp; Pepper [ via Nickmunro.com ] Crazy Bulbs Salt &amp; Pepper [ via TheMagazine.info ] Chef'n Mini Magnetic Set [ via Amazon.com ] Stainless Steel Salt and Pepper Shakers from Georg Jensen The three following sets are created by Georg Jensen .
All salt and pepper shakers are created in the minimalist style from stainless steel .
Their principle of work is simple and they differ only by their shapes but they're very stylish .
Twist Salt &amp; Pepper Mill [ via Amazon.com ] Henning Koppel Castors Salt &amp; Pepper [ via Amazon.com ] Salt &amp; Pepper Set [ via Amazon.com ] Lladro Gallus Shakers [ via George Watts &amp; Son ] Namb Circco Salt &amp; Pepper [ via George Watts &amp; Son ] Namb Hug Salt and Pepper Shaker Set Salt and Pepper Plant [ via Charles &amp; Marie ] This salt-and-pepper set look like buds and is sitting in a solid wooden ' pot '  think of it as a little salt and pepper plant .
Alessi Lilliput salt and pepper [ via Amazon.com ] Designed by Stefano Giovannoni for Alessi this magnetic salt and pepper set can hang horizontally from the handle or perch on the base . Bright and funny set .
Menu Boogie Woogie Salt and Pepper Shakers [ via Menu.as ] Surprisingly original Boogie Woogie shakers are equipped with wheels .
Just give it a slight push and let the salt shaker roll on to the other guests around the table !
Modern Salt &amp; Pepper [ via Andreas Engesvik AS ] Wood Salt + Pepper Shakers [ via Branch ] Flexi-Sexi Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers [ via Modern Agent ] Just twist , shake and sprinkle .
G'rabbit Grinders [ via Amazon.com ] Acanthus Gold Salt &amp; Pepper Shakers [ via Manor Home &amp; Gifts ] Elegantly hand made this set is decorated with the finest quality Swarokski crystals , 24 kt gold , and fine Limoges porcelain paste .
iittala Collective Tools [ via Amazon.com ] Spices Salt &amp; Pepper [ via Yar Rassadin ] Salt &amp; Pepper Cell [ via Antrepo Design ] Brain Salt and Pepper Shaker [ via Lazybone ] And as the last item we want to show this unusual and sometimes scary salt and pepper set .
Take A Moment To Really See We have all heard the expression :
" Remember to stop and smell the roses " .
But , how often do we really take time out of our hectic fast-paced lives to notice the world around us ?
Too often we get caught up in our busy schedules , thoughts of our next appointment , the traffic or life in general , to even realize there are other people nearby .
I am as guilty as anyone of tuning out the world in this manner , especially when I am driving on California 's overcrowded streets .
A short time ago , however , I witnessed an event that showed me how being wrapped up in my own little world has kept me from being fully aware of the bigger world picture around me .
I was driving to a business appointment and , as usual , I was planning in my mind what I was going to say .
I came to a very busy intersection where the stoplight had just turned red .
" All right " , I thought to myself , " I can beat the next light if I race ahead of the pack " .
My mind and car were in auto pilot , ready to go when suddenly my trance was broken by an unforgettable sight .
A young couple , both blind , were walking arm-inarm across this busy intersection with cars whizzing by in every direction . The man was holding the hand of a little boy , while the woman was clutching a baby sling to her chest , obviously carrying a child .
Each of them had a white cane extended , searching for clues to navigate them across the intersection .
Initially I was moved .
They were overcoming what I felt was one of the most feared handicapsblindness .
" Would n't it be terrible to be blind " ?
I thought .
My thought was quickly interrupted by horror when I saw that the couple was not walking in the crosswalk , but was instead veering diagonally , directly toward the middle of the intersection .
Wthout realizing the danger they were in , they were walking right smack into the path of oncoming cars .
I was frightened for them because I didn't know if the other drivers understood what was happening .
As I watched from the front line of traffic ( I had the best seat in the house , ) I saw a miracle unfold before my eyes .
Every car in every direction came to a simultaneous stop . I never heard the screech of brakes or even the peep of a car horn .
Nobody even yelled , " Get out of the way " !
Everything froze .
In that moment , time seemed to stand still for this family .
Amazed , I looked at the cars around me to verify that we were all seeing the same thing .
I noticed that everyone 's attention was also fixed on the couple .
Suddenly the driver to my right reacted .
Craning his head out of his car , he yelled , " To your right .
To your right " !
Other people followed in unison , shouting , " To your right " !
Never skipping a beat , the couple adjusted their course as they followed the coaching .
Trusting their white canes and the calls from some concerned citizens , they made it to the other side of the road .
As they arrived at the curb , one thing struck me  they were still arm-in-arm .
I was taken aback by the emotionless expressions on their faces and judged that they had no idea what was really going on around them .
Yet I immediately sensed the sighs of relief exhaled by everyone stopped at that intersection .
As I glanced into the cars around me , the driver on my right was mouthing the words " Whew , did you see that " ! ?
The driver to the left of me was saying , " I can't believe it " !
I think all of us were deeply moved by what we had just witnessed .
Here were human beings stepping outside themselves for a moment to help four people in need .
I have reflected back on this situation many times since it happened and have learned several powerful lessons from it .
The first is :
" Slow down and smell the roses " .
( Something I had rarely done up until then ) .
Take time to look around and really see what is going on in front of you right now .
Do this and you will realize that this moment is all there is , more importantly , this moment is all that you have to make a difference in life .
The second lesson I learned is that the goals we set for ourselves can be attained through faith in ourselves and trust in others , despite seemingly insurmountable obstacles .
We too can move forward in attaining our goals , putting blinders on to the obstacles that would stand in our way .
We just need to trust our intuition and accept the guidance of others who may have greater insight .
Finally , I learned to really appreciate my gift of sight , something I had taken for granted all too often .
Can you imagine how different life would be without your eyes ?
Try to imagine for a moment , walking into a busy intersection without being able to see .
How often we forget the simple yet incredible gifts we have in our life .
As I drove away from that busy intersection , I did so with more awareness of life and compassion for others than I had arrived there with .
Since then I have made the decision to really see life as I go about my daily activities and use my God-given talents to help others less fortunate .
Do yourself a favor as you walk through life :
Slow down and take the time to really see .
Take a moment to see what is going on around you right now , right where you are .
You may be missing something wonderful .
JENNIFER LOPEZ " Rarely am I left speechless , but I feel honored " , says Lopez of topping PEOPLE's Most Beautiful list of 2011 .
But at 41 , the singer-actress has earned her status as a beauty icon , something she says that family  husband Marc Anthony and twins Emme and Max , 3  has taught her .
As for looking glam week in and week out on American Idol , Lopez says , " I don't want anybody thinking it's easy .
It does take time and it's hard work .
HDTV wide-screen is nobody 's friend " !
ZAC EFRON Those abs !
Those pecs !
That chest !
No wonder the newly single star also topped PEOPLE's Most Amazing Bodies list last year .
But the 23-year-old is more than mere eye candy .
Efron , who's currently filming the A-list ensemble New Year's Eve , tells PEOPLE , " I think it's important to remember to live in the moment and enjoy every day to the fullest " .
REESE WITHERSPOON Dressed in a custom-designed Monique Lhuillier blush-hued gown , Witherspoon , 35 , " took your breath away " , a guest at her April nuptials told PEOPLE .
Husband Jim Toth , 40 , is certainly a big reason why the A-lister can't stop smiling these days .
" He's wonderful " , the Water for Elephants star tells Vogue .
He 's just a really great guy , and I feel really lucky .
" JESSICA SIMPSON Being well-endowed since sixth grade , the blonde bombshell points out that " there's no way to hide them as much as you want to bandage your boobs down .
" Simpson , 30 , has since learned to embrace her chest as her " best accessory " , telling PEOPLE , " Now I can make my way in and out of parking tickets :
Show the girls and give a wink !
" MANDY MOORE Moore 's musician husband Ryan Adams likes her makeup-free , but the actress tells PEOPLE , " I 'm a product junkie . I love playing with makeup .
" Though the 27-year-old Tangled star admits she may not be " particularly good at putting on my own makeup " , there's one thing she can do without blinking an eye : "
I'm an expert at curling my lashes without a mirror .
" KATIE HOLMES Her good looks and fashion sense made Holmes a natural choice to play Jackie O . in the TV biopic The Kennedys .
But the 32-year-old star mom felt a connection to the former First Lady that was more than skin deep . "
She had so much strength . ..
I loved her love of family , how important it was for her to be a good mother " , Holmes told Elle . JENNIFER HUDSON Now that she's in the " best shape of my life " , the size 4 Weight Watchers spokesmodel and busy mom ( to 20-month-old David ) is working on getting her beauty rest . "
Between working and keeping up with my son , I can't say that I get too much sleep " , says Hudson . "
One of the greatest luxuries I am afforded is a solid eight hours every once in a while !
" KELLAN LUTZ " I started out modeling , so this is the pinnacle " , Lutz told PEOPLE of his Calvin Klein underwear ads .
So what makes the Twilight star such an irresistible pitchman ( besides his pecs ? ) "
I have dimples , so thank the Lord I was blessed with something I could use to look like a little beggar " , the 26-year-old tells PEOPLE .
DANA DELANY Looking good is all in your " attitude " , says Delany .
And good habits :
The 55-year-old sticks to a diet of mostly fish and vegetables and does yoga five days a week , though the self-proclaimed hedonist admits a weakness for good wine .
The payoff ? "
I just learned that my Body of Proof role was written for a 35-year-old , but they offered it to me " , Delany tells PEOPLE .
EMMA STONE At 22 , the Easy A star is already being called the new face to watch .
With that label also comes the pressure of staying thin in Hollywood . "
I'd be crazy to sit here and tell you that I 've never thought about it " , Stone , who can next be seen in this summer's Crazy , Stupid , Love . "
[ But ] I never can beat myself up about it ..
You 're a human being , you live once and life is wonderful , so eat the damn red velvet cupcake .
" MINDY KALING &amp; ELLIE KEMPER Being book smart didn't help Kemper , a Princeton grad , when it came to Beauty 101 . "
I have learned to moisturize " , the 30-year-old star of The Office tells PEOPLE of what she 's picked up from Hollywood .
As for costar Kaling , the fellow Ivy Leaguer  a Dartmouth alum  is ready to embrace beauty over brains : "
I identify as a comedy writer , so to get compliments on appearance , that 's the nicest compliment  to be shallow !
" SANDRA BULLOCK " My mother always said , ' Be original ' !
but I didn't understand until I changed to be like everyone else " , Bullock told InStyle in 2009 .
These days the single mom ( to Louis , 15 months ) has learned to embrace her " oddities "  and even her decidedly un-Hollywood beauty regimen : "
My entire routine takes eight minutes since I have this mop on my head I need to wrangle .
" JENNIFER LAWRENCE Her breakout performance in Winter 's Bone caught the Academy and the public by surprise ,
but the Louisville , Ky , . native was nonplussed , telling Black Book that the attention " doesn't give me a big head or anything .
" Lawrence , 20 , who stars next in The Beaver and just nabbed a coveted role in The Hunger Games , is , however , ready for a change : "
I would like to move on to do something different ..
Maybe wear makeup in a movie .
I mean , that 'd just be crazy , right ?
" EVA LONGORIA " It's been hard . Very hard " , Longoria told Allure of her divorce in January from San Antonio Spurs star Tony Parker . "
I 'm just trying to get through it as gracefully as possible without any drama .
" As she begins her " new journey " , the Desperate Housewives actress , 36 , is putting that grace on display as she quietly moves on with new guy Eduardo Cruz .
RYAN REYNOLDS His chiseled abs may have something to do with PEOPLE's Sexiest Man Alive crossing over to the Most Beautiful list , but the newly single star's self-deprecating humor may be his best asset .
The strapping 6-ft.,2-in. actor and proud Canadian , 34 , who suits up as the Green Lantern this summer , tells PEOPLE , " We're trying to nationalize Sexy . Sort of like Medicare . "
We have already touched upon some initial difficulties for the new Mission .
Now we will take up a few more , of a more serious kind .
On several occasions the Muslim population handed in written complaints to the Chinese authorities demanding that the Mission be expelled .
In an official letter from 1899 the missionaries are accused of all sorts of crimes :
" They ( the missionaries ) prevent rain and snow from falling in the country , they poison the water in our canals so that people and cattle alike get sick 
they buy children and turn them into slaves , dressing them up in European clothes , teaching them to speak their language and seducing them into adopting their religion " .
The complaints written by the Muslims reached the highest authority , the government in Peking .
From there however the reply arrived saying that the missionaries and the Christians were to be protected .
If not , even the highest officials would be punished .
What could be the reason behind the reaction of the people ?
Maybe there had been a severe drought with lack of fresh water , failed harvests , etc .
It is very likely that , in all this , people could see God 's judgement on the new religion which was beginning to infiltrate the country .
And surely the missionaries took care of children .
An Eastern Turk , living in Sweden since long back , reports that his mother went to the Mission and left him there .
She could not take care of him herself , and then she knew of no better place than the mission station .
The fact that the water in the canal was unhealthy is known from other sources ,
but if the missionaries could be held responsible for this , there were even more reasons for expelling them .
The fact that the children were dressed in European clothes was explained by the argument that otherwise they would have frozen to death in their rags during the cold winters .
As to learning the language of the missionaries , this was limited to learning one or two stanzas of Swedish songs .
But the Muslims saw something linked to cult and magic in the language of the foreigners , be it only a question of a few sentences .
The mystery was of course enhanced by the fact that they did not understand the language .
Surely it was true that Hedin had written in the Aftonbladet , but he had only words of praise for Hgberg and his wife .
Hedin had written that Hgberg was very well suited for being a missionary to Eastern Turkestan .
Ekman finally expresses surprise at Hgberg 's lamentations , assuring him that Hedin had only spoken well of the Mission .
It is however quite likely that Hedin has the Kashgar missionaries in mind when writing in 1898 about his experiences of the Mission .
Missionaries of today are quite often un-educated , he says .
Without serious preparation , without having acquainted themselves with the religion of the people they intend to work among , without considering the fact that this religion is often older and more rooted in people 's lives than their own ,
they throw themselves thoughtlessly into unknown difficulties .
Failing to think for oneself and to think wisely , not even the most fervent kind of piety nor the most steadfast faith can protect against earthly dangers .
It is of no avail that Hedin , later on in his book , praises the missionaries for being unusually solid and respectable .
The impression still remains that in his critical remarks he refers to the Kashgar Mission .
Moreover , what other missionaries had Hedin met at that time in Central Asia ?
Finally Hedin advises the missionaries to be like Paul in their mission methods :
" The huge difference ( between Paul and the missionaries to Eastern Turkestan ) is of course due to Paul 's way of preaching and living .
He wandered around , like the dervishes of the East , living by the work of his hands but remaining poor and remaining unmarried , which facilitated the immediate contact with the people 
and was not dependant upon support or collections and could not even resort to reprisals against those who persecuted him " .
Maybe after all Hedin 's criticism was not all that far-reaching .
At any rate he repeatedly showed his wholehearted support for the Mission during the years to come .
No one likes to be criticized .
Dale Carnegie , when giving advice on how to influence people and win friends , tells his readers that there is never a good time to criticize .
As you may have already concluded , not everyone agrees with Dale .
I never liked criticism . It always triggered an automatic reaction in me that I didn't like .
I would feel my heart beating faster and I immediately wanted to explain to or refute the critic .
It was n't until I realized what criticism really was or actually what it was n't that I was able to control my emotions and stay calm in the face of even the most scathing criticisms .
Criticism is a judgment about something I did .
The reason I was reacting negatively was because I perceived it as a judgment about who I am .
Since I felt my self-worth was being attacked , I naturally went into a defensive stance to protect it and that was my mistake .
I now realize that :
Only I can decide my self-worth Self-worth is the value I place upon myself .
I have not fundamentally changed just because I made a mistake and therefore Criticism does NOT reflect who I am .
The great thing is that even if someone has the intention to attack you personally to try to lower your self-worth , they can't because your self-worth and esteem is controlled only by you .
Having this knowledge has really changed the way I handle criticism , constructive or destructive .
Despite this , we have to intentionally keep our relationship and marriage on the front burner of life .
Finding time to be with just one another is important to Jim and me .
But I confess , it 's not always an easy thing to do .
And this is n't just our isolated problem . It 's common in most marriages  regardless of age .
The following 10 ideas can help you and me intentionally make time for our spouse :
Cultivate a common interest .
Your spouse should be your best friend , and friends enjoy spending time with one another .
If you and your spouse have different hobbies , find something that you both enjoy doing and do it together .
You may want to go bike riding , walk together at the end of a long day , play tennis , or learn how to ballroom dance .
Shared experiences enrich marriages and deepen friendship .
Go on weekly dates .
If you do n't have a relative nearby who would gladly watch your kids , then consider swapping babysitting with a friend on a regular basis .
For example , you would watch their kids on the first Friday of every month and they would watch your kids on the second Saturday of every month .
With a little imagination , you can also plan some great dates at home 
not only while the kids are sleeping , but also while they are enjoying pizza or watching a special movie .
Try new adventures together .
We only live this life once .
Try doing something different to force yourself out of the rut of normal day-to-day living .
If you and your spouse would like to do something a little more daring , consider activities such as skydiving , scuba diving , mountain climbing , etc .
" When my husband , Jim , and I said , ' I do ' 37 years ago , I never envisioned myself camping on a budget or whizzing through the countryside on the back of a motorcycle " , LaRue Launius says .
" And Jim never imagined himself thousands of feet up in the air .
Write love letters to one another and read them over a romantic dinner .
Writing letters is almost a lost art form today .
You may want to redeem it by regularly expressing your love to your spouse in a letter .
Then read it to your spouse over a romantic dinner .
You could purchase special wooden boxes for your love letters .
Or , record them in individual journals as a lasting reminder to your legacy of your love for one another .
If you 're not sure how to begin writing your letter , read " Tips for Writing a Notable Love Letter . " 5 .
Go on overnight getaways  without the kids .
The possibilities are endless .
Many state parks have great campsites and beautiful lodges .
Staying at a nearby bed and breakfast can be a real treat .
Also , hotels often have special weekend getaway packages .
Bill and Carolyn Wellons have written a getaway guide for couples titled , Getting Away to Get It Together .
After being married for ten years , they discovered a secret that re - energizes their relationship  regular getaways .
Bill explains . " God has continued to teach us to step off life 's treadmill and examine the health of our relationship .
" We may relax at a friend 's lake house , camp at a state park , or book a resort condominium in the off-season " ,
When we evaluate where we are heading , we reap a fabulous return on investment " .
Set aside regular time to talk with one another  without any distractions .
Make time to focus on one another and talk about the day 's events .
When our children were young , my husband and I tried to visit together for 10 - 15 minutes before dinner each evening  just the two of us .
You and your spouse may want to do this after the kids go to bed .
The important thing is to share heart to heart and face to face .
If the kids are in school , you may want to have lunch together once a week .
Put it in the calendar and make definite appointments .
Read a book together and discuss it over coffee at a local coffeehouse or bookstore .
Take turns choosing the books .
If a movie has been made out of the book , read and discuss it together and then watch the movie .
Compare the book to the movie .
You could also go through one of the Home Builders Bible studies as a couple .
Although these Bible studies are designed for small groups , you could do one with your spouse .
Studies include Building Teamwork in Marriage , Improving Communication in Your Marriage , and Growing Together in Christ .
Be accountable to one another .
9 - 10 tells us , " Two are better than one because they have a good return for their labor .
For if either of them falls , the one will lift up his companion " .
You may want to ask your spouse to keep you accountable in a certain area .
For example , I have a habit of over-committing myself and having way too many things on the " to-do " list .
My husband is great about bringing me back to earth and helping me establish a more balanced schedule .
Being accountable to our spouse requires one-on-one time  whether it 's over coffee in the morning or evaluating a to-do list together in the afternoon .
" Accountability gives each marriage partner freedom and access to the other " , Dennis Rainey writes .
He adds that it means asking for advice and gives a spouse the freedom to share honest observations .
" It means we 're teachable and approachable .
We both need to be accountable to the other because each partner is fallible and quite capable of using faulty judgment " .
Pray together .
When we regularly pray with our spouse , our souls and hearts are uniquely knit together .
Sadly , we 'll forget many of the ways God answers our prayers unless we write them down .
You may want to record how God answers your prayers in a notebook .
Once or so a year , go on an overnight getaway with your spouse and review it together .
Spend some time thanking the Lord for all He has done .
Tune - up your marriage at a Weekend to Remember marriage conference . Attending a Weekend to Remember will help you get away from the distractions of life and focus on one another .
" We had a wonderful time " , one wife wrote after attending a recent Weekend to Remember .
" Everyone was so welcoming . We did n't come to this as a couple who was looking to save their marriage .
We came as a couple who needed a tune-up .
We 're running good and would like to keep it that way " .
Breakfast may be the most important meal of the day , but it 's possible to overdo it .
A new study published in Nutrition Journal found that people who eat big breakfasts consume more calories per day than people who eat a small breakfast  or even skip it altogether .
Researchers at the Else-Krner-Fresenius Center of Nutritional Medicine in Munich asked 380 obese and normal - weight people to keep a journal of everything they ate .
It turned out that no matter how much  or how little  people ate for breakfast , they ate the same number of calories for lunch and dinner .
Which meant that those who ate high - calorie breakfasts ate more calories per day than the others .
Eating a large breakfast did cut down on the chances a person would indulge in a mid - morning snack , but the lack of that snack was n't nearly large enough to offset the calories consumed earlier .
Nutritionists were quick to caution people not to give up on breakfast entirely . Just choose your food wisely , they said .
Skip the eggs , sausage , and butter and opt instead for fruit , yogurt , and whole grains .
The angry , aggressive crowd formed within minutes of my arrival .
Dozens of Muslim men , all in ankle - length galabias , came together in the middle of the dusty dirt path leading to the Church of the Two Martyrs in this poor Christian and Muslim village some 130 miles ( 210 km ) south of Cairo .
They were determined to block access to what has become a sectarian sore :
a church overrun by Muslim locals and desecrated , an act that has prompted desperate national calls to maintain the inter-religious unity forged in Tahrir Square during the uprising that overthrew President Hosni Mubarak .
" You can 't see it " ! a group of men screamed .
Several women in niqabs , or full - face veils , scurried away , carrying plastic bags of produce .
" You are not allowed to pass " , some of the men in galabias yelled at me . " Leave !
Leave now " !
another asked .
" What are you going to see " ?
asked Mahmoud Mohammad , 30 , who appeared to be their spokesman .
" Destroyed walls and a burned building " ?
I told him I wanted to reach the church .
" It 's not a church " , he said , raising his voice .
" It is a meeting place , and we do n't want a church here " , he added before grabbing my notebook , ripping out several pages and forcibly marching me out of the village .
The dispute stems from a romantic relationship between a Christian man and a Muslim woman in the town .
The woman 's relatives wanted to " cleanse their honor " of the smear of her being with a Christian man ,
But when the subject of an honor killing came up , the woman 's father refused .
He was shot dead by an unidentified assailant and buried on March 4 .
To date , no one has been arrested for the murder .
" After Friday prayers , some of the youth were angry and still mourning , so they came to the church looking for that filthy Christian " , Mohammad said , referring to the young man involved in the love affair .
" We found wine and books against Islam " , Mohammad claimed as other men interrupted to speak of other alleged wrongdoings by their Christian neighbors .
" They rape our women " !
" They overcharge us at their stores " !
It is unclear how many people were killed in Sole as a result of the dispute ,
but after Christians demonstrated in Cairo on Tuesday night against the desecration of the village church ,
a fight ensued with groups of Muslims , leading to violence that left 13 dead and 140 wounded .
Tensions between Egypt 's majority Muslim population and Christians , who make up about 10 % of the country's 80 million people , have simmered for decades .
They rose sharply , however , after a church in Alexandria was bombed on New Year 's Day . Twenty-one worshippers were killed in the attack .
After the state security headquarters in Cairo were ransacked over the weekend , documents allegedly emerged purporting that the attack was orchestrated by elements of the government .
The authenticity of the documents has not been ascertained , but the contents play into long-held fears of some of Egypt 's Christians .
Many of Sole 's Christian residents have fled , fearing further violence .
He says many of the town 's Christian menfolk are staying to defend their homes .
Sadiq , who says his house is on the same street as the church , said the remaining Christians were " living in fear " .
" They 've turned the church into a mosque " , he said by telephone .
" There 's a banner in front of it that says ' Al-Ramla Mosque .
' They 're not letting anyone pass or go near the church .
We will not leave . We 're prepared to die here " .
Aziz Narooz , 27 , and Hani Diab , 26 , traveled from Sole earlier on Wednesday to join the hundreds of Coptic Christians maintaining a sit-in outside the state television headquarters .
Many were sleeping on blankets spread out on the pavement .
Most were carrying large wooden crosses .
" People are very scared . Some have n't left their homes in days " , Narooz said of the remaining Christians in Sole .
" They burned our church , they kicked around the statues of our saints . Our saints " ! he repeated . " They tore up the Bible , and they 're still there " .
In a bid to defuse rising tensions , the ruling Supreme Military Council pledged on Tuesday to rebuild the church before Easter and punish the perpetrators of the sectarian attacks .
A day earlier , the country 's new Prime Minister , Essam Sharaf , joined the protesters , but they refused to speak with him until their demands were met .
The Copts want the church rebuilt in its original location , not elsewhere , as some officials suggested ,
But it 's obviously about a lot more than a village dispute .
Michael Armanios , 20 , who was hoarse from chanting outside the state TV building , fears for his future as an Egyptian Christian .
" The second article of the constitution says that Shari'a is the law of the land , that this is a Muslim country .
What about us " ?
Our soldiers do n't want to hear us , We want  I need  to have an opinion .
I need to feel like I am a complete human being " .
" Jesus taught us to be tolerant " , said Samih Sameh , 23 , who had painted a crescent and a cross on his cheeks in the red , white and black of the Egyptian flag .
" But this is too much .
Who will defend us " ?
" AH , you 're a professor .
You must learn so much from your students " .
This line , which I 've heard in various forms , always makes me cringe .
Do people think that lawyers learn a lot about the law from their clients ?
That patients teach doctors much of what they know about medicine ?
Yet latent in the sentiment that our students are our teachers is an important truth .
We do in fact need to learn from them ,
but not about the history of the Roman Empire or the politics of " Paradise Lost " .
Understanding what it is that students have to teach teachers can help us to deal with one of the most vexing issues now facing colleges and universities :
online education .
At my school , the University of Virginia , that issue did more than vex us ;
it came close to tearing the university apart .
A few weeks ago our president , was summarily dismissed and then summarily reinstated by the university 's board of visitors .
One reason for her dismissal was the perception that she was not moving forward fast enough on Internet learning .
Stanford was doing it , Harvard , Yale and M.I.T. too .
But Virginia , it seemed , was lagging .
Just this week , in fact , it was announced that Virginia , along with a number of other universities , signed on with a company called Coursera to develop and offer online classes .
But can online education ever be education of the very best sort ?
It 's here that the notion of students teaching teachers is illuminating .
As a friend and fellow professor said to me :
" You do n't just teach students , you have to learn from them too " .
It took a minute  it sounded like he was channeling Huck Finn  but I figured it out .
With every class we teach , we need to learn who the people in front of us are .
We need to know where they are intellectually , who they are as people and what we can do to help them grow .
Teaching , even when you have a group of a hundred students on hand , is a matter of dialogue .
In the summer Shakespeare course I 'm teaching now , I 'm constantly working to figure out what my students are able to do and how they can develop .
Can they grasp the contours of Shakespeare 's plots ?
If not , it 's worth adding a well-made film version of the next play to the syllabus .
Is the language hard for them , line to line ?
Then we have to spend more time going over individual speeches word by word .
Are they adept at understanding the plot and the language ?
Time to introduce them to the complexities of Shakespeare 's rendering of character .
Every memorable class is a bit like a jazz composition .
It is defined by the syllabus .
But there is also a considerable measure of improvisation against that disciplining background .
Something similar applies even to larger courses .
We tend to think that the spellbinding lecturers we had in college survey classes were gifted actors who could strut and fret 50 amazing minutes on the stage .
But I think that the best of those lecturers are highly adept at reading their audiences .
They use practical means to do this  tests and quizzes , papers and evaluations .
But they also deploy something tantamount to artistry .
They are superb at sensing the mood of a room .
They have a sort of pedagogical sixth sense .
They feel it when the class is engaged and when it slips off .
And they do something about it .
Their every joke is a sounding .
It 's a way of discerning who is out there on a given day .
A large lecture class can also create genuine intellectual community .
When a teacher hears a student say , " My friends and I are always arguing about your class " ,
he knows he 's doing something right .
From there he folds what he has learned into his teaching , adjusting his course in a fluid and immediate way that the Internet professor cannot easily match .
Online education is a one-size-fits-all endeavor .
It tends to be a monologue and not a real dialogue .
The Internet teacher , even one who responds to students via e-mail , can never have the immediacy of contact that the teacher on the scene can , with his sensitivity to unspoken moods and enthusiasms .
This is particularly true of online courses for which the lectures are already filmed and in the can .
It does n't matter who is sitting out there on the Internet watching ;
the course is what it is .
Not long ago I watched a pre-filmed online course from Yale about the New Testament .
It was a very good course .
The instructor was hyper-intelligent , learned and splendidly articulate .
But the course was n't great and could never have been .
There were Yale students on hand for the filming ,
but the class seemed addressed to no one in particular .
In fact there was nothing you could get from that course that you could n't get from a good book on the subject .
A truly memorable college class , even a large one , is a collaboration between teacher and students .
It 's a one-time-only event .
Learning at its best is a collective enterprise ,
something we 've known since Socrates .
You can get knowledge from an Internet course if you 're highly motivated to learn .
But in real courses the students and teachers come together and create an immediate and vital community of learning .
A real course creates intellectual joy ,
at least in some .
I do n't think an Internet course ever will .
Internet learning promises to make intellectual life more sterile and abstract than it already is  and also , for teachers and for students alike , far more lonely .
Mark Edmundson , a professor of English at the University of Virginia , is the author of " Why Read " .
Though people ages 18 to 33 outpace other adults in almost every category of Internet use ,
their elders are rapidly closing the gap in social networking , according to a Pew report .
Internet users from all age groups increased their use of social networking from December 2008 to May 2010 ,
with use by people 18 to 33 rising to 83 percent , from 67 percent .
But those in every generation 45 and older more than doubled their participation .
Adults 74 and older who are online quadrupled their social networking presence ,
and that now stands at 16 percent .
Teenagers , by contrast , cut back on traditional blogging by 50 percent from 2006 to 2009 .
It is believed that status updates from sites like Facebook and Twitter are replacing the need for standalone blogging platforms .
However , every other age group from 34 to 73 had modest rises in blogging .
" Social networking sites also have special appeal to older users because they let those who have medical conditions find and talk to others who have gone through the same thing " ,
said Lee Rainie , director of the Internet and American Life Project at the Pew Research Center .
President Barack Obama will soon lay out his vision for federal spending when he releases his annual budget ,
setting in motion months of debate over the size and scope of government .
Rand Paul is doing the same thing .
The tea party herois at the bottom of the Senate in seniority and was sworn in as Kentucky 's junior Republican senator only two weeks ago ,
but he 's about to unveil his ownsweeping budget plan that would result in a $ 500 billion cut in just one year
about five times more than what the House GOP has promised to do .
It 's an unusualmove a rookie senator releasing his own version of the federal budget
but it says a lot about how Paul is trying to carve an unconventional identity in the stodgy Senate .
As he tries to navigate Senate politics , Paul faces a key question :
Will he use his national profile to paint himself as a conservative firebrand and perennial outsider ,
or will he work within the system and with senators across the ideological spectrum to settle for less ambitious deals ?
So far , he 's showing signs he 'll do a little of both .
Paul 's version of the federal budget
which he 'll unveil as early as next week
would targetprograms at virtually every federal agency ,
including the Defense Department ,
and would eliminate the Education Department .
He plans to follow up with a five-year budget with even deeper spending cuts ,
a move likely to prompt backlash from groups that would be affected by his proposal .
Like other Republicans , Paul is pushing a constitutional amendment to force Congress to balance its books ,
calling for a two-thirds-majority vote to increase taxes .
And he plans to float bills that would kill certain federal regulations .
And he 'll propose establishing a waiting period before lawmakers cast major votes and forcing them to read legislation .
" These are not without ambition " ,
Paul told POLITICO in an interview .
With these proposals , Paul is clearly moving to make a down payment on promises he made asa fire-breathing campaigner ,
when he vowed to drastically change the Senate from its core and force a dramatic belt tightening on Capitol Hill .
But none of the mare expected to go very far in the Democratic-controlled Senate .
And with Paul lacking seniority in the Republican Conference ,
the real test for the new senator is how he adjusts when his more ideologically driven ideas stall and it 's time to start legislating .
" The broad question for him and every other senator is :
Is it confrontation or compromise " ?
said New Jersey Sen . Robert Menendez ,
who ran the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee last cycle when it attempted to brand Paul as an " extreme " candidate .
" Is it going to be about pure ideology , or is it going to be about , ' OK , how do I pursue my principles but do it in a way that can still make progress  ?
' So that 's a challenge for every new senator , when they come and balance what they said and what they do .
' " Paul said the fact that he 's never served before in elective office is a distinct advantage .
" The difference between me and others is that I have n't been beaten down by the process for 30 years " , Paul said .
" I do n't understand why I can 't do something , why I can 't change anything .
I 'm incredibly optimistic " .
Paul enjoys one of the biggest national profiles in his class of 13 Republican freshmen ,
thanks in part to the fervent grass-roots following of his libertarian-minded father , Ron Paul .
Another junior senator with national name recognition is already hitting it off with the younger Paul :
liberal Minnesota Sen . Al Franken , the former " Saturday Night Live " star ,
who attended Paul 's reception earlier this month after Paul was sworn into office .
Each new senator is paired with a Democrat and a Republican to learn the Senate 's ways ,
and Paul has asked Franken to be his Democrat icmentor .
" I first talked to Sen . Paul after election night to congratulate him on his win ,
and we hit it off right away " ,
Franken said in an e-mail .
" We had a long and very friendly conversation ,
and we both left the call looking forward to finding some areas of legislation we can work on together " .
Paul , 48 , said that " the way you win battles is by talking to independents , conservative Democrats and maybe even some liberal Democrats who might agree with you on occasion . "
So I think I will surprise some people , " said Paul ,
who also is trying to work out an arrangement with the Senate ethics committee so he can keep practicing as an eye surgeon in Bowling Green , Ky .
As he tries to woo his less conservative colleagues , Paul will have to be careful not to disappoint his tea party supporters . "
I can guarantee he 's going to be his own person ,
but he 's going to get some things done " ,
said conservative Sen . Jim De Mint . "
I think that with a few people like that ,
I can go back to my kinder , gentler De Mint .
but he 's going to get some things done " ,
said conservative Sen . Jim De Mint . "
I think that with a few people like that ,
I can go back to my kinder , gentler De Mint .
" De Mint has made waves by engaging in firebrand politics in urging his national following of conservative activists to pressure Senate Republicans to take hard-line stands ,
but senators typically are put off when they perceive that one of their colleagues is undermining them .
Whether Paul 's tactics resemble De Mint 's remains to be seen . "
I have no doubt in my mind Rand will go up there , shake things up , force some uncomfortable votes , talk about some of the things he ran on in the campaign " ,
said Trey Grayson ,
the Kentucky secretary of state who lost to Paul in the primary .
But do we want a senator who gets things done ,
which usually involves compromise ?
I would think he 'd be more like De Mint .
In the interview , Paul said he 'd be an independent voice and would " not always take marchingorders from anyone really " ,
adding that he 's not always going to be pigeonholed in one direction or another .
But the Senate is , well , the Senate , meaning senators like to be courted and wooed so they can tweak measures and join as co-sponsors and eventually get credit for certain proposals .
It 's not clear that Paul is doing much of that with any of his early proposals .
However , Paul is n't completely freelancing he has kept Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in the loop so far and is continuing to build a positive relationship with the senior senator from his home state .
I would say our relationship is cordial , friendly and much better than anything reported in the media " ,
Paul said of McConnell , who backed Grayson in the primary but later worked aggressively in the general election on Paul 's behalf . "
He 's mischaracterized and underestimated he 's very smart , very principled " ,
Alexander said in an interview .
" One of the first things I noticed about him is he 's very comfortable with himself ;
he laughs easily ;
he rolls with the punches ;
he has good relationships with other people .
But Paul did n't roll with the punches after a May appearance with MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow inwhich he took issue with the 1964 Civil Rights Act 's reach into private business , inciting an on slaught of criticism .
Paul later backtracked , reiterated his call for equal rights and largely ducked the national media for the rest of the campaign .
Free from campaign pressures , Paul said he welcomes the scrutiny .
Actually , I do n't regret it at all " ,
Paul said of the interview with Maddow . "
In fact , I might even go back on the show again .
That might get her some ratings , ya think ? "
The future of English
ENGLISH is the most successful language in the history of the world .
It is spoken on every continent , is learnt as a second language by schoolchildren and is the vehicle of science , global business and popular culture .
Many think it will spread without end .
But Nicholas Ostler , a scholar of the rise and fall of languages , makes a surprising prediction in his latest book :
the days of English as the world 's lingua-franca may be numbered .
Conquest , trade and religion were the biggest forces behind the spread of earlier lingua-francas ( the author uses a hyphen to distinguish the phrase from Lingua Franca , an Italian-based trade language used during the Renaissance . )
A linguist of astonishing voracity , Mr Ostler plunges happily into his tales from ancient history .
The Achaemenid emperors , vanquishers of the Babylonians in 539 BC , spoke Persian as their native language , but pragmatically adopted Aramaic as the world 's first " interlingua . "
Official long-distance communications were written in Aramaic , sent across the empire and then translated from Aramaic upon arrival .
Persian itself would serve as a lingua-franca not at the time of the empire 's greatest heights but roughly from 1000 AD to 1800 .
The Turkic conquerors of Central Asia , Anatolia and the Middle East , though they adopted Islam and worshipped in Arabic , often kept Persian as the language of the court and of literature .
Persian was also the court language of Turkic-ruled Mughal India when the British East India Company arrived .
Some lingua-francas have ridden trade routes , but these are tongues of convenience that change quickly with circumstances .
Phoenician spread from its home in modern Lebanon along the northern coast of Africa , where ( pronounced in Latin as Punic ) it became the language of the Carthaginian empire .
But Rome 's destruction of Carthage in 146 BC reduced it to a dwindling local vernacular .
Greek , by contrast , planted deeper roots , surviving not only Rome 's rise but also its fall , to serve as the lingua-franca of the eastern Mediterranean for over 1,000 years .
What does all this , then , have to do with English ?
Often very little .
It seems sometimes that Mr Ostler , fascinated by ancient uses of language , wanted to write a different sort of book but was persuaded by his publisher to play up the English angle .
But the predictions are striking .
English is expanding as a lingua-franca but not as a mother tongue .
More than 1billion people speak English worldwide but only about 330m of them as a first language , and this population is not spreading .
The future of English is in the hands of countries outside the core Anglophone group .
Will they always learn English ?
Mr Ostler suggests that two new factors  modern nationalism and technology  will check the spread of English .
The pragmatism of the Achaemenids and Mughals is striking because no confident modern nation would today make a foreign language official .
Several of Britain 's ex-colonies once did so but only because English was a neutral language among competing native tongues .
English has been rejected in other ex-colonies , such as Sri Lanka and Tanzania , where Anglophone elites gave way to Sinhala - and Swahili-speaking nationalists .
In 1990 the Netherlands considered but rejected on nationalist grounds making English the sole language of university education .
English will fade as a lingua-franca , Mr Ostler argues , but not because some other language will take its place .
No pretender is pan-regional enough , and only Africa 's linguistic situation may be sufficiently fluid to have its future choices influenced by outsiders .
Rather , English will have no successor because none will be needed . Technology , Mr Ostler believes , will fill the need .
This argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition .
Mr Ostler acknowledges that so far such software is a disappointment even after 50 years of intense research , and an explosion in the power of computers .
But half a century , though aeons in computer time , is an instant in the sweep of language history .
Mr Ostler is surely right about the nationalist limits to the spread of English as a mother-tongue .
If he is right about the technology too , future generations will come to see English as something like calligraphy or Latin : prestigious and traditional , but increasingly dispensable .
We are suffering whiplash :
For nearly four decades , OPEC -- the cartel formally known as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries -- has been a major economic and geopolitical force in our collective lives , driving nations to war , otherwise self-respecting world leaders to genuflect , and economists to shudder .
The last half-dozen years have been especially nerve-wracking as petroleum has seemed in short supply .
oil and gasoline prices have soared to historically high levels .
and China has gone on a global resource-buying binge .
Russia 's Vladimir Putin has strutted the global stage , bolstered by gas and oil profits
Venezuela 's Hugo Chvez has thumbed his nose at los Yanquis .
Yet now we are hearing a very different narrative .
A growing number of key energy analysts say that technological advances and high oil prices are leading to a revolution in global oil .
Rather than worrying about cantankerous petrocrats , we will need to prepare for an age of scrambled geopolitics in which who was up may be down
and countries previously on no one 's A-list may suddenly be central global players .
One primary takeaway :
North America seems likely to become self-sufficient in oil .
" This will be a huge potential productivity shock to the U.S. economy " , says Adam Sieminski , director of the U.S. Energy Information Administration , a federal agency .
It could grow the economy , grow GDP , and strengthen the dollar " .
OK , we get it -- we will need to relearn our basic geopolitics .
Last week , the New America Foundation gathered six leading energy analysts to take a guess as to the winners and losers over the next few decades from the unfolding new age of fossil fuel abundance .
Here 's what they told us :
WINNERS The United States :
Jobs increase , wages and productivity go up , the dollar strengthens , the current account deficit becomes negligible ,
and America has a new day as an economically dominant superpower .
It is far and away the biggest winner of the new age , the analysts agreed .
As far as Americans are concerned , what 's not to like ?
Citigroup 's Ed Morse waxed rhapsodic :
" We will no longer be kowtowing to despotic rulers and feudal monarchs whose oil supply lines are crucial to other aspects of foreign policy . Those tradeoffs will be eliminated " .
Perhaps a bit Pollyannaish , but we get the general idea .
New petrostates : Aren't we forgetting those unsung nations that , depending how they manage the new age of plenty , can also very well end up with far more robust economies and as geopolitical players .
The following 10 countries -- all of them burgeoning new petrostates -- make the winner 's list because , even if they ultimately botch the moment and send most of the profit into private Swiss bank accounts , the coming energy boom gives them a much greater chance at big economic prosperity :
Cyprus , Ethiopia , French Guiana , Israel , Kenya , Mozambique , Sierra Leone , Somalia , Tanzania , and Uganda .
Cooperation :
Western suspicion of China has been fueled by its aggressive acquisition of natural resources around the world , especially oil and gas fields .
But " in a world of plenty " , said Ed Chow of the Center for Security and International Studies , " the zero-sum nature of the discussion could come out of the equation " .
Chow thinks we are already seeing the first stages of this more relaxed future in the U.S. attitude toward billions of dollars in recent Chinese investment in U.S. shale gas and oil fields .
That is far different from 2005 , when public and political opinion aborted China 's attempt to buy Unocal almost before it reached a serious stage .
Chow likes this new atmosphere .
" It was never a very healthy phobia that we had to begin with " , he said .
Chow wonders whether the United States might end up collaborating with China and India in patrolling the Persian Gulf .
LOSERS Unenlightened petrocrats :
Oil prices could be lower and volatile in a world of surplus .
So for states relying on a single economy such as oil or gas , " it is not a pretty picture " .
He forecasts much political turmoil , and a struggle to keep market share .
That includes Chvez for sure , but could also jostle Teodoro Obiang Nguema , the allegedly corrupt president of Equatorial Guinea , Turkmenistan President Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov , and Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khameini .
Russia :
Michael Levi of the Council on Foreign Relations led the panelists , plus many audience members , in singling out Russia as a key loser since Putin shows no sign so far of genuine economic diversification .
For his state budget to break even , Putin requires an estimated oil price of $ 117 a barrel .
Right now it is 12 percent below that threshold , or about $ 102 a barrel .
Struggling to make up the difference but with no tools other than oil and gas to do so , Putin seems headed for a tougher political experience than in his previous tenure as president in the 2000s , when he rode a wave of public popularity based on a growing and optimistic middle class .
When Russians realize their living standard is static or diminishing , they will not be happy .
( On the plus side , a Putin shorn of the emboldening force of petrodollars might be friendlier with the rest of the world ) .
The green edifice :
The movement to slow or stop global warming could be derailed as winning nations focus more on getting rich than cleaning up their carbon footprint , concluded Robin West , CEO of PFC Energy , an energy research firm .
The bar was already high for green-tech companies to compete against the economics of fossil-fuel energy ;
with lower oil and gas prices , the bar rises higher .
There is a ray of hope , though :
Rather than driving green-tech companies out of business , lower energy prices could create a new consumer choice .
" Depending on how you value the environment and what you think about global warming " , you can choose to run your life on fossil fuels or on cleaner technology , said Chow .
Who knows ?
Policymakers may reverse their current ambivalence , too , and decide that , even though fossil fuels are plentiful , it is better to go clean .
OPEC :
With prices dropping and competing supplies flowing from numerous new producers , OPEC will lose much relative influence .
" OPEC will descend into chaos as an organization " , said John Hofmeister , former president of Shell USA .
They do n't know now how much they are hated by the entire world .
One litmus test for this new era of abundance will be if there is some form of repetition of Saddam Hussain 's 1990 invasion of Kuwait .
Two weeks ago , a senior Middle East diplomat asked PFC Energy 's Robin West whether , a decade from now , the American public would get behind the deployment of tens of thousands of troops if Kuwait 's oil were threatened .
" I said , ' I do n't think so " ' , West said .
So there we have it : OPEC gone , Putin flat on his back , Iran 's theocracy seriously undermined , and suspicion of China tamped down .
What will we worry about ?
This story appears in ESPN The Magazine 's July 23 , 2012 AMERICAN TARGET SHOOTER Josh Lakatos faced a conundrum .
Halfway through the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , he and his rifle-toting teammates were finished with their events
and the U.S. Olympic Committee and team officials had ordered them to turn in the keys to their three-story house and head back to the States .
But Lakatos did n't want to leave .
He knew from his experience four years earlier in Atlanta , where he 'd won silver , that the Olympic Village was just about to erupt into a raucous party , and there was no way he was going to miss it .
So he asked the maid at the emptied-out dwelling if she 'd kindly look the other way as he jimmied the lock .
" I do n't care what you do " , she replied .
Within hours , word of the nearly vacant property had spread .
Popping up once every two years , the Olympic Village is a boisterous city within a city :
chock-full of condos , midrises and houses as well as cafs , barbershops , arcades , discos and TV lounges .
The only thing missing is privacy -- nearly everyone is stuck with a roommate .
So while Lakatos claimed a first-floor suite for himself , the remaining rooms were there for the taking .
The first to claim space that night were some Team USA track and field fellas .
" The next morning " , Lakatos says , " swear to God , the entire women 's 4x100 relay team of some Scandinavian-looking country walks out of the house , followed by boys from our side .
And I 'm just going , ' Holy crap , we 'd watched these girls run the night before ' .
And on it went for eight days as scores of Olympians , male and female , trickled into the shooter 's house -- and that 's what everyone called it , Shooters ' House -- at all hours , stopping by an Oakley duffel bag overflowing with condoms procured from the village 's helpful medical clinic .
After a while , it dawned on Lakatos :
" I 'm running a frigging brothel in the Olympic Village !
I 've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life " .
more than 10,000 athletes at the Summer Games and 2,700 at the Winter , the Olympic Village is one of the world 's most exclusive clubs .
To join , prospective members need only have spectacular talent and -- we long assumed -- a chaste devotion to the most intense competition of their lives .
But the image of a celibate Games began to flicker in 1992 when it was reported that the Games ' organizers had ordered in prophylactics like pizza .
Then , at the 2000 Sydney Games , 70,000 condoms wasn't enough , prompting a second order of 20,000 and a new standing order of 100,000 condoms per Olympics .
Many Olympians , past and present , abide by what Summer Sanders , a swimmer who won two gold medals , a gold and a bronze in Barcelona , calls the second Olympic motto
" What happens in the village stays in the village " .
Yet if you ask enough active and retired athletes often enough to spill their secrets , the village gates will fly open .
It quickly becomes clear that , summer or winter , the games go on long after the medal ceremony .
" There 's a lot of sex going on " , says women 's soccer goalkeeper Hope Solo , a gold medalist in 2008 .
How much sex ?
" I 'd say it's 70 percent to 75 percent of Olympians " , offers world-record-holding swimmer Ryan Lochte , who will be in London for his third Games .
" Hey , sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do " .
GET SET ..
The games begin as soon as teams move in a week or so before opening ceremonies .
" It 's like the first day of college , You 're nervous , super excited . " says water polo captain Tony Azevedo , a veteran of Beijing , Athens and Sydney who is returning to London .
Everyone 's meeting people and trying to hook up with someone " .
Which is perfectly understandable , if not to be expected .
Olympians are young , supremely healthy people who 've been training with the intensity of combat troops for years .
Suddenly they 're released into a cocoon where prying reporters and overprotective parents are n't allowed .
Pre-competition testosterone is running high .
Many Olympians are in tapering mode , full of excess energy because they 're maintaining a training diet of up to 9,000 calories per day while not actually training as hard .
The village becomes " a pretty wild scene , the biggest melting pot you 've been in " , says Eric Shanteau , an American who swam in Beijing and will be heading to London .
The dining hall is among everyone 's first village stops .
" When I walked in for the first time in Atlanta " , says women 's soccer player Brandi Chastain , " there were loud cheers . ''
So we look over and see two French handballers dressed only in socks , shoes , jockstraps , neckties and hats on top of a dining table , feeding one another lunch .
We 're like , ' Holy cow , what is this place " ' ?
Many liken it to a high school cafeteria , " except everyone 's beautiful " , says Julie Foudy , who has two golds and one silver from playing soccer in three Olympics and is now an analyst for ESPN .
" We 'd graze over our food for hours watching all the eye candy , wondering why I got married " .
From one end of the village to the other , flags hang from windows and music blares from balconies .
" Unlike at a bar , it 's not awkward to strike up a conversation because they have something in common " , Solo says .
" It starts with , ' What sport do you play ? '
' All of a sudden , you 're fist-bumping " .
BMXer Jill Kintner , who won bronze in Beijing , says the Italians are particularly inviting :
" They leave their doors open , so you look in and see dudes in thongs running circles around each other " .
On the way to practice fields , " the girls are in skimpy panties and bras , the dudes in underwear , so you see what everybody is working with from the jump " , says Breaux Greer , an American javelin thrower .
" Even if their face is a 7 , their body is a 20 " .
In Beijing , even the adolescent female gymnasts got sassy with the water polo and judo boys who shared their training room .
" That 's where most of my socialization took place -- in a tub , up to my chest in ice water " , says silver medalist Alicia Sacramone , then 20 , who served as den mother to her teammates .
" The younger girls would try to flirt with stuff like , ' Look at that butt on him ! '
I 'm like , ' Excuse me , did that just come out of your mouth ?
Do n't pay attention to his butt !
Quickly the reality sinks in that the village is " just a magical , fairy-tale place , like Alice in Wonderland , where everything is possible " , says Carrie Sheinberg , an alpine skier at the ' 94 Winter Games and a reporter for subsequent Olympics .
" You could win a gold medal and you can sleep with a really hot guy " .
And no matter your taste , the village has got you covered .
The soccer girls ?
" All hot , and they dress like rock stars " , one male swimmer says .
Male gymnasts ?
" They are like lovable little Ewoks " , Kintner says .
Sacramone has a few favorites of her own :
" As far as best bodies , it 's swimmers and water polo players , because that 's an insane workout .
And the track guys , they 're sneaky-cute . Very serious , but when they lighten up , you 're like , ' Oh , you 're kind of adorable . ' "
The challenge athletes face is what to do with their urges and when .
" If you do n't have discipline , the village can be a huge distraction " , Solo admits .
Some wear sex until their events are done ; others make it part of their pre-event routine .
American shot-putter and silver and bronze medalist John Godina thought he 'd seen it all in Atlanta :
late-night hookups , friends disappearing for days at a time .
But he had n't seen anything like the dorm room in Sydney he shared with a javelin thrower , which had instantly become a revolving door of women without backstories .
" It 's like Vegas " , Godina explains . " You learn not to ask a lot of questions " .
That randy roommate of Godina 's , Greer , picks up the story :
Each day , the shaggy blond was visited by three women , sometimes just hours apart -- an accomplished pole vaulter and former flame ;
a mighty hurdler who " tried todominate me " , Greer says ;
and a " very talented " vacationer from Scandinavia .
Greer says his Olympian partners were , like him , looking to " complete the Olympics training puzzle " .
When his event did come around , Greer nailed Athens ' longest toss in prelims before a knee injury sidelined him .
" I was a happy man going into competition " , he says . " If you find somebody you like and who likes you , your world 's complete for a second , and you compete well " .
Still , some coaches try to limit late-night activities by enforcing 11 p.m. noise curfews , banning alcohol consumption or , in the case of USA Swimming , forbidding cross-gender visitation in bedrooms .
Amanda Beard , with two golds , four silvers and one bronze medal to her name , was in a relationship with another swimmer during the 2000 Games but says ,
" People would walk around for miles to try to sneak somewhere " .
Many on-the-prowl athletes maintain that they 're driven by a simple human need :
intimacy , if only for a moment or three .
For most Olympians , the ramp-up to the Games is lonely .
Not unlike movie stars on a far-flung movie shoot , the Olympics present the perfect opportunity to find a partner who understands where they 're coming from .
" Think about how hard it is to meet someone " , Azevedo says . " Now take an Olympian who trains from 6 a.m. until 5 p.m. every day .
When the hell are you supposed to meet someone ?
Now the pressure is done , you 're meeting like-minded people .. and boom " .
GO !
Typically , the swimmers are some of the lucky ones who wrap up early .
For Lochte , that typically means " hitting a local pub and drinking with the soccer hooligans " , he says .
But a teammate in Athens had a better idea :
sex on his village balcony .
" Another team saw it , which led to a big argument because they accused me .
I said , ' No , I 'm innocent " ' , Lochte says , laughing .
" I 'm always innocent " .
After his team finished its events in Beijing , " our coach sat us down and gave us what I can only describe as the birds-and-the-bees talk " , says gold medalist Cullen Jones .
" We 're like , ' Okay , this is extremely awkward " ' .
Just outside the village are sponsors parties .
But what most Olympians want , in the end , is to bring the party back to the village .
The athlete compound soon becomes the site of an uneasy dance between jocks on a post-competition bender and those who have yet to compete .
Says Swiss swimmer Dominik Meichtry :
" I 'd get home from the clubs at 6 or 7 a.m. , and I 'd feel bad for the track and field guys .
They 're getting on a bus and we 're intoxicated , wearing fedoras , looking like crap " .
As the curtain falls on more events , the action accelerates .
Displaced roommates become commonplace , with the standard sock-on-doorknob serving as the signal for " please go away " .
Before long , Foudy says , " it turns into a frat party with a very nice gene pool " .
And heaps of stamina .
" Athletes are extremists " , Solo says . " When they 're training , it 's laser focus .
When they go out for a drink , it 's 20 drinks .
With a once-in-a-lifetime experience , you want to build memories , whether it 's sexual , partying or on the field .
I 've seen people having sex right out in the open .
On the grass , between buildings , people are getting down and dirty " .
Those who desire a little privacy can borrow a hotel room from their agents or visiting friends .
" You can get pretty much whatever you want if you flash your medal " , says one American female .
" That usually does the trick " .
Not quite everything .
At the Lillehammer Games in 1994 , two German bobsledders tried using their medals as service .
" They made it clear that they 'd trade me their gold for all kinds of other favors " , Sheinberg says .
" I said jokingly , ' Thanks , but Tommy Moe has a medal . I 'll play with his . ' "
The Germans were hoping for some group fun , which is not uncommon in the village .
One skier tells a story from the Vancouver Games in 2010 , when six athletes -- " some Germans , Canadians and Austrians " -- got together at a home outside the Whistler village .
" It was a late-night whirlpool party . It turned into a whirlpool orgy " .
" This is a diplomatic relations trip " , says Godina , " maybe because they feel they never have to see each other again " .
Adds Sheinberg :
" It 's also about finding something new .
Olympians are adventurers .
They look for a challenge , like having sex with someone who does n't speak their language " .
The sense of discovery can be powerful .
At the 1976 Montreal Games , three-time Olympic diver and four-time gold medalist Greg Louganis , appearing in his first Olympics at age 16 , developed a kinship with the boys on the Soviet Union diving team and soon found himself partying in their rooms .
" Once events were over , our entire diet was caviar , vodka and Russian champagne .
It was crazy " , Louganis says .
He was particularly struck by the Russians ' sense of sexual liberation .
" Culturally , they 're more openly affectionate toward each other , which I just drank up , since I was still discovering who I was .
But I had my eyes on one Soviet .
I 'd curl up in his lap ; we 'd hug and cuddle . I felt so protected " .
It did n't progress beyond that , Louganis says .
" He was hooking up with one of the other male divers on the team " -- not to mention married .
AND KEEP GOING ..
By the eve of the closing ceremonies , all of the events have wrapped , all bets are off and the home team often hosts one hell of a party .
That was certainly the case in Sydney , where Australia 's baseball and women 's soccer teams threw a joint bash complete with a massive bonfire .
" Who knew the village furniture could burn so well " , kids Alicia Ferguson , an Aussie footballer .
" We did involve the fire wardens , who were very accommodating , and then we started hooking up around our very own Olympic Village bonfire " .
And after the men 's hockey gold medal game in Vancouver , which Canada won , a dry lounge in the village exploded into a full-blown rager .
" If you were walking by , you would 've thought it was a high school party " , says NHLer Bobby Ryan of the silver-winning American squad .
" I 'm talking booze , people randomly making out , everybody else cheering them on .
And that was the PG stuff .
Then everything went inside " .
And then there 's the one party that can't be missed :
the closing ceremony .
Says Ferguson : " They basically throw us all in a stadium and say , ' Just go for it , party hard , get drunk and do some groping . ' Which we did , with some Canadians " .
Here 's what you do n't see on TV :
all of the athletes who arrive inebriated and , throughout the ceremony , sneak back and forth between the infield and the stadium with drinks .
Somewhere in the middle of this party , typically , is America 's women 's soccer team , whose tournament runs the duration of the Games .
" This is our chance to let loose " , Chastain says . " Our hair is on fire , we 're leaving the next morning , and we 're going to enjoy our last 24 hours " .
After the Beijing Games , the women went , well , Hollywood .
Solo recounts the story : " I probably should n't tell you this , but we met a bunch of celebrities . Vince Vaughn partied with us . Steve Byrne , the comedian .
And at some point we decided to take the party back to the village , so we started talking to the security guards , showed off our gold medals , got their attention and snuck our group through without credentials -- which is absolutely unheard of " .
And , she adds , " I may have snuck a celebrity back to my room without anybody knowing , and snuck him back out .
But that 's my Olympic secret " .
The best part , according to Solo ?
" When we were done partying , we got out of our nice dresses , got back into our stadium coats and , at 7 a.m. with no sleep , went on the Today show drunk .
Needless to say , we looked like hell " .
And then it 's over -- for most Olympians , anyway .
For a few and the most committed , the games continue -- all the way home .
On a United Airlines flight from Sydney to Los Angeles in 2000 , nearly 100 Olympians were among the passengers , causing the flight attendants to begin the flight with a warning :
" Ladies and gentlemen , anybody who wishes to sleep , trade seats with someone in the front of the plane .
Everybody else to the back with the Olympians " .
After that , the story gets fuzzy .
" Everybody partnered up fairly rapidly , and when they 'd bring a drink cart through , we 'd send it back dry " , says Lakatos , who met a girl and " comfortably occupied row 50-something for roughly half an hour " .
Greer ended up in the bathroom with a famous Olympian he will not name .
" We 're going at it , and then -- boing .
I accidentally turn on the assistance light " .
Happily for them , once Greer assured the flight attendant of their Olympic credentials , they were able to return to their business .
" And we stayed in there a long time " .
It 's tales like these -- of connections made and just as easily ditched -- that have London-bound Olympians dreaming of the possibilities .
" My last Olympics , I had a girlfriend -- big mistake " , Lochte says .
" Now I 'm single , so London should be really good . I 'm excited " .
So is American runner LaShawn Merritt , the reigning Olympic gold medalist in the 400 meters .
" But I was too locked in Beijing .
This time , when I 'm done leaving my legacy on the track " , he says , laughing , " I 'll make sure London remembers me " .
Taylor Phinney too is looking forward to a do-over in London for two reasons .
In Beijing , he was an 18-year-old wunderkind American cyclist who night after night sat on his balcony , one floor below the gymnastics team terrace , and tossed Shawn Johnson prohibited Snickers bars .
" She was a superstar " , Phinney says of the then-16-year-old , " and I was a lowly cyclist with a massive crush " .
After Johnson won gold and moved to a hotel with her parents .
Phinney moved his courtship to the lobby , where they closed some blinds and had a " kissing session " .
But Phinney 's long trip to first base may have also derailed his medaling hopes .
" This is going to sound stupid , but I almost forgot I had to race " .
After a Skype relationship forced by their globe-trotting careers , they are now on hiatus .
But Phinney can't wait for London , where Johnson , who retired in June , will be on hand to fulfill her sponsorship obligations .
" I 'll try to hang out with her as much as I can " , he says before he doubles back , still clearly flummoxed .
" And I 'm going to try very hard to stay away from females " .
In that case , he might want to stay away from the Olympic Village altogether .
IT was probably the weirdest sound I 'd ever heard .
There we were , our first morning in Madagascar , breakfasting on the veranda of a jungle lodge near Andasibe-Mantadia National Park , munching on Paris-grade baguettes ( Dr.Atkins beware : this country has excellent bread products , ) when all of a sudden a ghostly cry erupted from the thick green hills .
It sounded a little like the mating call of a whale .
Or someone pinching a balloon and slowly letting the air out .
Or a squeaky metal wheel with no grease .
I had never heard anything quite like it before :
a long , haunting , melodic wail , carried through the trees .
" My God " , my wife , Courtenay , said to me , " that is otherworldly " .
Our 1-year-old son , Apollo , stabbed his pudgy finger toward the mountains and blurted : " Waz zat " ?
The next thing I knew I was in the middle of a tropical rain forest dripping with vines and literally crawling with snakes , stumbling behind Monique , our indefatigable guide , in search of the animal responsible for the noise  the elusive Indri indri lemur .
Like so many other mammals , insects , trees , plants and reptiles ( I 'm talking fire-engine red tomato frogs and geckos shaped like leaves , ) the Indri indri is unique to Madagascar .
This 1,000-mile-long petrolic dish of an island is a naturalist 's dreamland , and though its politics are a bit of a nightmare  there was a failed coup in November .
the disruptions are rarely violent and it is generally safe to visit .
When you do , be prepared for some intensive wildlife bingo .
As we approached a clearing , we ran into a group of American tourists on the prowl with their zoom lenses .
One of them was grumbling about potential baby noises scaring off the animals .
Meanwhile , Monique was loping through the forest whistling , hooting and making smooching sounds , constantly scanning the tops of the trees , trying to find lemurs .
" Look , look " !
she suddenly said .
A whole family of Diademed sifakas ( an endangered species of lemurs ) was frolicking in the trees snacking on leaves with their little leathery , humanlike hands , seeming unfazed by the crush of tourists below , including the baby .
Cut off from the mainland 160million years ago , Madagascar is host to some of the rarest and most unusual flora and fauna in the world .
There are hissing cockroaches , giant jumping rats , pygmy chameleons , moths as big as dinner plates , along with various kinds of lemurs .
You 'll see odd , wavy plants growing out of the desert that look as if they belong underwater .
In fact , there is so much uncharted life here that scientists are constantly discovering more .
Just this fall , a team of researchers announced that they had found a new species of carnivore lurking in one of Madagascar 's lakes .
And there are also beaches , really good ones .
The last place we visited was the beguiling island of Ste.Marie , which features one postcard-perfect strip of sand after another .
It also used to be a pirate hangout and still draws treasure seekers .
We met some American divers who were convinced they were about to excavate Captain Kidd 's infamous pirate ship , the Adventure Galley , from the bottom of the Windex-blue seas .
But plan your trip carefully .
Most of Madagascar 's goodies are sprinkled hundreds of miles apart .
For example , the easiest place to see the dancing lemurs ( technically known as Verreaux's sifaka ) is at the Berenty Private Reserve at the southern tip of the island ;
the capital , Antananarivo , is in the middle ;
the famous tree-lined Avenue de Baobab is in the west ;
the spectacular beaches in the north .
The roads are rough and the internal airline hit-or-miss .
Overall , it 's not the easiest place to get around , especially if your French is just comme ci , comme a .
The whole experience , in fact , is a bit like that haunting lemur cry we heard our first morning , otherworldly and dislocating .
I often found myself wondering , as we were driving around , looking out the windows : where the heck am I ?
Part of this is because of its roots .
Madagascar is part French , part African , part Indonesian .
The island was unpopulated until 2,000 years ago , when anthropologists believe that some brave souls from Southeast Asia canoed or sailed thousands of miles across open ocean and settled here .
You can see the Asian touches today :
the rice paddies , the wide-brim hats , the steaming bowls of noodles for sale on the streets .
The language 's closest living relative is found in Borneo .
Add to that an enduring French legacy ( Madagascar was a French colony from 1896 to 1960 , ) with delectable French patisseries , French-run boutique hotels and French spoken widely ( very few people here speak English . )
But while the French may have left behind great cuisine , they did not prepare the country well for independence , leaving Madagascar distressingly poor and politically volatile .
In 2009 , there was a coup and some bloodshed and now a former disc jockey is in charge , backed by some generals .
There was a half-hearted attempt at another coup in November , though it was swatted back quickly and without any bloodshed .
One byproduct of all this is that in a country with enormous export potential 
it is rich with sapphires , rubies , timber , oil and of course its signature product , vanilla  nearly everywhere we went we were accosted by packs of smoky-smelling street kids hustling vanilla beans in order to scrape together some change .
Another is the frustratingly lackadaisical treatment one can be subject to at Ivato International Airport in Antananarivo .
Traveling with my wife and child , in addition to my wife 's parents , it took us a full hour to get through immigration , starting with a policewoman in high heels who demanded to know the ticket number of our flight home .
Another officer checked each ticket ;
a third lazily thumbed through our passports ;
a fourth stamped them ;
a fifth scanned them .
I 've been off the beaten track before ( Djibouti , Burundi , Somaliland , Malawi , Vanuatu , Papua New Guinea , ) .. but never have I waited so long simply to get into a country .
And this was n't a volume problem .
There were maybe five other people in front of us .
My advice :
get the visa ahead of time , even though Madagascar gives free tourist visas at the airport .
We saw other tourists who had done this ; they breezed right through .
Our 10-day holiday included two nature reserves and some beach time , with a few days in the capital in between .
Our first stop : Andasibe-Mantadia National Park , one of Madagascar 's most popular , and only a three-hour drive from Antananarivo .
Within two minutes of leaving the airport we were cruising by rice paddies , yet still in the midst of the city with delicate colonial-era buildings looming on the hilltops .
It felt as though we were in Thailand . Or Bali .
Workers in straw hats waded through the water as fluffy ducks paddled by .
We wound through small , curvy Candyland streets , past 40-year-old Citron taxis with roll-back roofs , and by houses dipped in every color  purple , blue , maroon , orange , yellow , black .
They like color here .
After we left the city behind and the road eased into lush farmland , around dusk we pulled into the national park , which is home to several species of lemurs , including the Indri indri , whose name simply means " look up " or " look at that " in Malagasy .
Apparently , the first European who saw a lemur was with a local guide who spotted one in a tree and said " Indri ! Indri " !
Lemurs are adorable monkey-like animals that live only in Madagascar , with a few species on the nearby Comoros islands .
They tend to dwell deep in the forest .
My favorite became the Indri indri , author of that distinctive , eerie song .
raccoon snout ;
baboon legs ;
koala ears ;
a long tail like a fuzzy muffler ;
black and white fur like a skunk .
But I have to be honest . Lemur-watching , like bird-watching , takes a bit of concentration .
For most people it 's probably not going to pack the same adrenaline punch as a typical African safari , infused with that exhilarating , almost spiritual sense of being out on the open veldt , with lions stalking their kill .
Yet tracking lemurs offers something different , perhaps an even more intimate , delicate view of nature .
The fuzzy-headed animals are just a means to an end , an excuse and a pretext to tramp through a pristine rain forest where the air is cool , the sun warm and the rivers Evian-clear .
Everything I experienced on those walks seemed so healthy and clean  the millions of leaves glossy with rain ;
the sharp , clear notes of the birds ;
even the rich , loamy smell of the dirt itself .
Entering those forests and quietly padding through , I had the feeling I was stepping inside nature .
It 's not clear how long this will last .
Illegal logging companies have been exploiting the recent political turmoil and are eating up miles of Madagascar 's rain forests .
Our base during the first leg of our trip was the Vakona Forest Lodge , an eco-lodge with expansive grounds and delicious food .
One night we dined on romazava , a Malagasy stew of chicken and ginger .
The lodge also offers night hikes , which provide perhaps the only chance to see mouse lemurs .
It promised to be an interesting evening when Dooli , our guide , appeared , reeking of what seemed to be Madagascar moonshine , and ushered us over to observe a few cobwebs under the eaves of the hotel .
Then he marched us into the forest .
It might seem absolutely insane  traipsing through a jungle at night with a guide who just stumbled out of happy hour .
But that 's the thing about Madagascar . It 's ideal for trekking .
The snakes are n't poisonous and there are no big predators on the island .
The cities , too , feel safe , including Antananarivo , though there is some evidence that street crime is rising , possibly because out-of-work police officers or soldiers are using their guns to rob people .
But you do n't see bars covering every single window or helmeted security guards swinging batons as you do in so many other big African cities .
In many respects , it is an advantageous time to visit , with the tourism industry eager for post-coup business ;
even the best hotels tend to be available on very short notice .
Still , my mother-in-law was n't a big fan of the capital , which she described as " grubby " .
She was right , in that Antananarivo is a teeming , polluted , unkempt city of two million people , spilled across several hills .
But it does have some nice old palaces and bustling , never-ending street markets , too .
Perched on top of one hill , with an expansive view of it all , was our hotel , La Varangue , which oozes character from the minute you step into the lobby and see the vats of homemade rum in all sorts of flavors like litchi , ginger and chocolate .
Antananarivo is known for its good restaurants , and according to the guidebooks we used for our trip ( we found the Lonely Planet most helpful , ) La Varangue's is top among them .
The chef is Malagasy , though the dishes are modern French fusion , and we feasted on foie gras ravioli , zebu steaks in wine sauce ( zebu is the local beef , ) ham , lamb and calamari .
Then there was dessert .
The waiter brought a perfectly round baseball-size orb of chocolate in a bowl . Picture the Death Star of chocolate .
With a flourish and a naughty grin , he drenched the ball with even more chocolate  molten chocolate , which melted away some of the Death Star 's shell , exposing a scoop of ice cream , a candied peach and a layer of chocolate mousse .
Madagascar may be known for its vanilla , but its chocolate is no joke .
Our next stop was the Berenty Private Reserve at Madagascar 's southern tip .
The place is a bit strange in the sense that it 's a tourist trap but not really a resort .
the bungalows are quite dull and a little shabby and the food so-so .
It 's a royal pain to get here ( about two hours by plane from the capital and then a spine-crunching , three-hour drive ) .
but its access to lemurs  and especially the amusing dancing lemurs  is unrivaled .
We woke up our first morning to the sight of dozens of lemurs playing right outside our bungalow , gobbling down green berries , springing through the trees , awkwardly sashaying along on their hind legs while waving their little stubby arms like the abominable snowman .
During breakfast we watched a group of eight sunning themselves by our table .
At what seemed to be some hidden signal , they all sat up , and  en masse  made their advance .
Then , before we could even flick on the camera , it was lemur madness .
One jumped into my lap and snatched the hunk of baguette I was just about to butter .
One of his comrades grabbed the breakfast cake .
Another glanced right , glanced left , and then shot for the sugar bowl .
I swear I caught a look of unbridled ecstasy on his furry little face as he dug his Lilliputian hands into the sugar and shoveled it into his mouth .
At this point , we were getting a little lemur-ed out , and eager for our final stop : the beaches of Ste.Marie .
Unfortunately , we lost a night because our flight was postponed , so our three nights were reduced to two ;
I really wish it had been a week .
The island , about 40 miles long and 4 miles wide , is lush , tranquil , friendly and quite interesting .
In the 1600s and 1700s , it was a notorious pirate den , perfectly located along trade routes from India to Europe .
The French came here early , and Madagascar 's first church , built in 1837 , still stands , its red bell tower rising out of the leafy forest .
There are empty , white sand beaches everywhere , and in the morning , you can watch the pirogues slide by in the shallows .
You can cover the whole island by bike  there 's a smooth paved road threading through the palms .
and I borrowed a yellow cruiser from our hotel that the gods of the tropics had prankishly engineered so that if you went a hair faster than 10 miles per hour the chain would suddenly pop off .
The hotel we stayed at , the Princess Bora Lodge , had a beautiful pool and beach and comfy bungalows .
On our last day , the hotel manager gave me a map of the island , marking the old church , the lighthouse and a pirate cemetery .
I set off , taking the turnoff from the main road and then walking past a deserted soccer field and a few ramshackle fishing huts before crossing a tiny bridge made from an iron beam that led to a narrow path .
About 10 minutes later , it opened up into a palm grove , littered with very old-looking graves .
One was carved with a smiling skull and crossbones :
Joseph Pierre Le Chartier ; Died 1834 .
There were vines creeping across the blackened gravestones , slowly pulling them back to the jungle .
The American divers had warned me that the graves may not actually be those of pirates .
But it did n't really matter .
It was like the miles and miles of Madagascar 's rain forest being the draw , not just the lemurs .
The cemetery was profoundly soothing , positioned on a peninsula , the glassy bay spreading out on three sides , the sound of the tide nibbling at the shore , and a gentle breeze cutting through the trees .
I could see why the pirates , or whoever , had picked this place as an eternal resting spot .
It made you never want to leave .
Noble tree is a favorite material for the work of many sculptors .
What age is growing , standing still in the same place , waiting to be used for artistic work 
These beautiful , wooden sculptures are fabulous as woods described in so many stories .
Wizards , forest fairies , Mogli  living in the woods , and in this case are like Pinocchio and made of wood .
StealthArmor iPhone Case Laser-cut from a 0.01-mm-thick polymer film originally designed to protect race car paint jobs from flying debris , the StealthArmor iPhone case might be overkill .
Good ! You just signed over $ 300 and two years of your life to that new iPhone .
You might as well take care of it .
From $ 25 | StealthArmor Apple iPad Camera Kit With two uploading devices  one connects via USB , the other is an SD card reader  the only way picture transfers could be any easier than they are with this ingenious little kit is if your iPad was a camera .
$ 29 | Apple Hard Graft Tilt iPad Case
This elegant iPad case does double duty as a lightweight protective cover and ingenious adjustable stand .
Handmade in Italy from 100 percent wool and leather ,
it 's a simple , handsome little case and will set your iPad apart from all its plastic-sleeved brethren at the coffee shop .
118 $ | Hard Graft Photojojo Magnetic Lenses
Your phonecam is the only picture-taker you 're packing these days ,
so make it better with these peepers that snap over the existing lens via a magnetic ring .
The combination wide-angle/macro and fish-eye attachments will improve your Twitpics and your phone-tographer bona fides .
$ 40 | Photojojo Philips DLO WallDock
Often the simplest reinventions are the most satisfying ,
like this cord-free charging dock that ( get this ) plugs directly into the wall .
No snaky cords to junk up your desk or for the cat to go suicidal on .
Just a pillow-top block with a connector that lets your iThings rest against the wall while they recharge .
$ 30 | Philips Solid Line iPad Case
The iPad is great for lots of stuff ( like reading Wired ! ) . But not typing .
Mercifully , the folks at Solid Line have come up with an elegant solution :
a Bluetooth keyboard built into a dignified leather iPad case .
It 's always with you , yet never in the way .
Good-bye , AutoCorrect , you condescending robot .
$ 119 | Solid Line Audyssey Audio Dock :
South of Market Edition
This dock transforms from Bluetooth speakerphone to floor-thumping 200-watt music player with the press of a button .
The side-firing tweeters enhance separation in tight quarters , so music comes out loud and clear ,
and if you need a midrange boost ( and who does n't , ) ?
use the iPhone app to create custom EQ curves and rock your own sound . Now hang up and dance .
$ 399 | Audyssey Twelvesouth Compass iPad
Stand For every iPad there are seemingly a dozen accessories .
Even so , this balletic little easel is a clear stand-out .
Its all-steel tripod design is flexible enough to hold your tablet in several positions but strong enough to withstand a day at the bottom of a messenger bag .
$ 40 | Twelvesouth Freehands Gloves
When that hottie hipster flirts you up in line , do n't be stuck blaring Teenage Dream
because your iPod is as impervious to gloves as random encounters are to second chances .
in these cashmere gloves with removable fingertips that allow for swiping , pinching , and skipping to Sleigh Bells .
$ 80 | Freehands Sony RDP-X50iP BLK Dock
Portability is n't exactly synonymous with big , booming sound .
Yet this itty-bitty box , just over a foot wide , manages to pack in the jams .
It squeezes out a sublime 40 W through a pair of 3-inch woofers .
If that 's not enough , the auxiliary port allows you to humor people still rocking a Walkman .
$ 200 | Sony
[ Spoiler ] I guarantee that these spectacular swirls of color will have you wasting a good chunk of your Friday .
But well worth it .
Victoria , Australia-based photographer Lincoln Harrison has been taking pictures for just two years .
Harrison says his images are created by taking one shot during twilight and then up to 500 shots in complete darkness throughout the night .
Harrison says most of his pictures are of star trails and landscapes usually around Lake Eppalock in Victoria , Australia .
" Locations are chosen in pretty much the same way as I would choose landscape locations " , says Harrison .
" I just drive or walk around until I see something that looks good " .
After Harrison returns from his night shoot , he processes the image in Adobe Photoshop ,
stacking the images using the lighten and blend modes , to create his spectacular images .
He then adds the twilight image ,
sometimes shot using HDR ( High Dynamic Range ) and a combination of layer masks .
His favorite ?
At the moment Wormhole .
You can see more of his incredible images at his website or at 500px.com
We 'd like to see your star trails .
Send us your photos or post it on our Flickr page .
Image Caption :
Resembling Vincent van Gogh 's The Starry Night , a collage of star trails photos from Lincoln Harrison .
256 by Lincoln Harrison
Lincoln Harrison 's Wormhole .
Sir Isaac Newton was an English physicist , mathematician , astronomer , natural philosopher , alchemist , and theologian .
He is considered by many scholars to be one of the most influential people in the history of the world .
His Philosophic Naturalis Principia Mathematica , which was published in 1687 ,
is probably the most important scientific book ever written !
In this book , Newton described universal gravitation and the three laws of motion ,
which dominated the scientific view of the physical universe for the next three centuries .
Newton was responsible for building the first practical telescope and developed a theory of color based on the observation that a prism decomposes white light into the many colors that form the visible spectrum .
Newton also formulated an empirical law of cooling as well as studied the speed of sound .
Newton was also very religious . He was an unorthodox Christian ,
and during his life he actually wrote more on Biblical hermeneutics and religious studies than on science and mathematics ,
5 Amazing Lessons from Isaac Newton :
Patiently Think " If I have done the public any service , it is due to my patient thought " .
We do n't spend enough time patiently thinking !
Albert Einstein said ,
" It 's not that I 'm so smart , it 's just that I stay with problems longer " .
If you would just block out some time daily to " think " , you could solve many of your problems .
You could even solve some of the world 's problems .
Labor to be Tactful " Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy " .
Solomon said , " A gentle answer turns away wrath , but a harsh word stirs up anger " .
We can all polish up on our tact , our diplomacy , our discretion , our delicacy , and our gracefulness .
Solomon went on to say ,
" Like apples of gold in settings of silver is a word spoken in right circumstances " ,
Build Bridges " We build too many walls and not enough bridges " .
Tony Robbins said ,
" The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships " .
This is why you must spend your time building bridges instead of walls .
When we " build bridges " we are literally building a better life .
When we build walls , we are stagnating our own growth .
Joseph F . Newton said , " People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges " .
Chase after Knowledge " If I have seen further than others , it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants " .
There 's no need to recreate the wheel .
To make progress all you must do is to build on what others have already done .
Commence by learning what others know . When you chase after knowledge , you strategically position yourself on the shoulders of giants ;
you are then able to see what others can 't see .
We must pursue " truth " !
There 's an anonymous quote that goes ,
" The truth is heavy , therefore few care to carry it " .
Be one of those few who pursue truth both night and day .
Blaise Pascal said , " Once your soul has been enlarged by truth , it can never return to its original size " .
Bad English ?
Take Classes Online Published :
27 Oct 2010 |
By : Michael Kearns Deputy Head of News , CNBC Asia Pacific It's become something of an online sport for English-speakers in Asia .
Find some bad English on signs , T-shirts , menus  wherever  post it on the internet , and let the giggles begin .
Badly-spelt sign With such gems as ' Cold Cats Selection ' ( a card at a hotel buffet in Taiwan beside the ham and salami ) or ' Get an electric shock carefully ' ( a warning about a potentially lethal fence at a Chinese zoo , ) websites such as Engrish.com or EngrishFunny certainly have no shortage of material to keep the hilarity coming .
But where some see pure comedic gold , others see a gold mine .
The market for online English education is estimated to be worth $ 100 billion , with Asia , especially China , making up a sizeable piece of that .
This month , two online education companies , Beijing-based Idapted and US firm Eleutian Technology , merged to make a bigger push into this fast growing and increasingly competitive space .
The other players they'll be taking on include New Oriental , ChinaEdu and China Distance Education .
" In short , we are able to provide top-quality English teachers to students , either in a group or individual setting , anywhere in the world " , wrote Adrian Li , Eleutian's general manager for China , in response to email questions from CNBC.com.
Li says this new world of English instruction on demand has been " made possible by advances in technology and communications that are revolutionizing the way English is and will be taught " .
Historically , English instruction in Asia has been school-based and one of the challenges has been finding a steady supply of quality teachers willing to hop on a plane bound for an exotic location .
That has long been a fall back for North American university graduates who still haven't figured out what they want to do with their lives .
But now would-be teachers can skip the flight and just power up their computers and webcams to give face-to-face instruction to students in Asia .
Some companies say it's raised the standard of teachers by broadening the pool of recruits to include those not up for the foreign adventure .
Illustration of man learning English using personal computer " Our teachers are a combination of US certified public school teachers and highly certified , work-at-home paraprofessional trainers " , notes Li of Eleutian .
His company recruits prospective teachers on its website , and requires them to go through a certification process .
While Eleutian points to success in South Korea , and has ambitions in southeast Asia , it's clear China is the land of plenty for the company and its rivals .
It's often said there are 300 million English speakers , or about a quarter of the population , in China .
But that number is frequently criticized as inflated , by only taking into account all those trying to learn English , rather than those who are actually competent in speaking and writing it as a second language .
Add to that a widely recognized shortage of good English teachers in Chinese schools , and the fact that China is the largest internet market in the world with 420 million users , and you've got fertile ground for digital English teaching opportunities .
But the technological advances have also created problems for the growing list of companies trying to cash in on this market  mainly , that the technology is increasingly widely available and relatively affordable .
One site  English , Baby ! 
even offers its instruction for free , operating as a quasi-social network by hooking up prospective students with teachers , and using pop culture ( What did Justin Timberlake mean when he said ' The buck stops with me ) ? '
to teach the meaning of English slang sayings .
Those behind the site view teaching English as more of a mission than a money-making venture .
" We work on this site day after day because we believe the English language can help make the world a more peaceful place " , says the site's mission statement .
" Using English as a common language helps people from different countries communicate and better understand each other .
The more we understand , the better off we are " .
When it comes to free classes , those who are trying to sell online English instruction will likely say you get what you pay for .
But history offers no shortage of entrepreneurs , who , when gazing at China , have had the dollar signs in their eyes vanish without realizing their much hoped for enormous returns .
And those seeking their fortunes in online English education should take note .
As one badly translated sign on a faulty window posted on Engrish Funny warns :
Be careful , ' Because there is a possibility you get hurt .
' And for some businesses that could be no laughing matter . -
Reuters contributed to this report .
Fred played for about twenty minutes and then intro-duced all the rest of the acts , then came back up to play whenever he felt like it , whenever the joint was packed .
The acts were disjointed , awkward and seemed to have come from the Ted Mack Amateur Hour , a popular TV show .
The audience was mostly collegiate types , suburban-ites , lunch-hour secretaries , sailors and tourists .
Every-body performed from ten to fifteen minutes .
Fred would play for however long he felt , however long the inspiration would last .
Freddy had the flow , dressed conservatively , sullen and brooding , with an enigmatical gaze , peachlike complexion , hair splashed with curls and an angry and powerful baritone voice that struck blue notes and blasted them to the rafters with or without a mike .
He was the em-peror of the place , even had his own harem , his devotees .
You couldn't touch him .
Everything revolved around him .
Years later , Freddy would write the hit song " Everybody's Talkin " . '
I never played any of my own sets .
I just accom-panied Neil on all of his and that's where I began playing regular in New York .
The daytime show at the Cafe Wha , ?
an extravaganza of patchwork , featured anybody and anything  a comedian , a ventriloquist , a steel drum group , a poet , a female imperson-ator , a duo who sang Broadway stuff , a rabbit-in-the-hat ma-gician , a guy wearing a turban who hypnotized people in the audience , somebody whose entire act was facial acrobatics
 just anybody who wanted to break into show business .
Noth-ing that would change your view of the world .
I wouldn't have wanted Fred's gig for anything .
At about eight o'clock , the whole daytime menagerie would come to a halt and then the professional show would begin .
Comedians like Richard Pryor , Woody Allen , Joan Rivers , Lenny Bruce and commercial folksinging groups like The Journeymen would command the stage .
Everyone who had been there during the day would pack up .
One of the guys who played in the afternoons was the falsetto - speaking Tiny Tim .
He played ukulele and sang like a girl  old stan-dard songs from the ' 20s .
I got to talking to him a few times and asked him what other kinds of places there were to work around here
and he told me that sometimes he played at a place in Times Square called Hubert's Flea Circus Museum .
I'd find out about that place later .
Fred was constantly being pestered and pressured by moocher types who wanted to play or perform one thing or another .
The saddest character of all was a guy named Billy the Butcher .
He looked like he came out of nightmare alley .
He only played one song  " High-Heel Sneakers " and he was addicted to it like a drug .
Fred would usually let him play it sometime during the day , mostly when the place was empty .
Billy would always preface his song by saying " This is for all you chicks " .
The Butcher wore an overcoat that was too small for him , buttoned tight across the chest .
He was jittery and sometime in the past he'd been in a straitjacket in Belle - vue , also had burned a mattress in a jail cell .
All kinds of bad things had happened to Billy .
There was a fire between him and everybody else .
He sang that one song pretty good , though .
Another popular guy wore a priest's outfit and red-topped boots with little bells and did warped takes on stories from the Bible .
Moondog also performed down here .
Moondog was a blind poet who lived mostly on the streets .
He wore a Viking helmet and a blanket with high fur boots .
Moondog did monologues , played bamboo pipes and whistles .
Most of the time he performed on 42nd Street .
My favorite singer in the place was Karen Dalton .
She was a tall white blues singer and guitar player , funky , lanky and sultry .
I'd actually met her before ,
run across her the previous summer outside of Denver in a mountain pass town in a folk club .
Karen had a voice like Billie Holiday's and played the guitar like Jimmy Reed and went all the way with it .
I sang with her a couple of times .
Fred always tried to make a place for most performers and was as diplomatic as possible .
Sometimes the room would be inexplicably empty , sometimes half-empty and then suddenly for no apparent reason it would be flushed with people with lines outside .
Fred was the man down here , the main attraction and his name was on the marquee , so maybe a lot of these people came to see him .
I don't know .
He played a big dreadnought guitar , lot of percussion in his playing , piercing driving rhythm  a one-man band , a kick in the head singing voice .
He did fierce versions of hybrid chain gang songs and whomped the audience into a frenzy .
I'd heard stuff about him ,
that he was an errant sailor , har-bored a skiff in Florida ,
was an underground cop , had hooker friends and a shadowy past .
He'd come up to Nashville , drop off songs that he wrote and then head for New York where he'd lay low , wait for something to blow over and fill up his pockets with wampum .
Whatever it was , it wasn't a huge story .
He seemed to have no aspirations .
We were very compatible , didn't talk personal at all .
He was very much like me , polite but not overly friendly , gave me pocket change at the end of the day , said " Here ..
so you'll keep out of trouble " .
The best part of working with him , though , was strictly gastronomicalall the French fries and hamburgers I could eat .
At some point during the day , Tiny Tim and I would go in the kitchen and hang around .
Norbert the cook would usually have a greasy burger waiting .
Either that , or he'd let us empty a can of pork and beans or spaghetti into a frying pan .
Norbert was a trip .
If you have seen the recent Hollywood blockbuster Inception , a movie that does to dreaming what The Matrix did for virtual reality , you may have been holding your breath as Ariadne , an architecture student , folded the streets of Paris over herself like a blanket .
This stunning sequence , an homage to M.C. Escher , is testimony to the bizarre nature of dreams .
Watching it made the neuroscientist in me reflect on what dreams are and how they relate to the brain .
The first question is easy to answer .
Dreams are vivid , sensorimotor hallucinations with a narrative structure .
We experience them consciouslyseeing , hearing and touching within environments that appear completely real ( though curiously , we do not smell in our dreams . )
Nor are we mere passive observers :
we speak , fight , love and run .
Dream consciousness is not the same as wakeful consciousness .
We are for the most part unable to introspectto wonder about our uncanny ability to fly or to meet somebody long dead .
Only rarely do we control our dreams ;
rather things happen , and we go along for the ride .
Everyone dreams , including dogs , cats and other mammals .
But sleep lab data reveal that people consistently underreport how often and how much .
The reason is that dreams are ephemeral .
Memory for dreams is very limited and largely restricted to the period before awakening .
The only way to remember a dream is
to immediately recall it on waking and then write it down or describe it to another person .
Only then does its content become encoded in memory .
Although we often have trouble remembering dreams , our dreaming selves have full access to our pasts .
In dreams we recall earlier episodes from our lives , and we often experience intense feelings of sadness , fear , anxiety or joy .
Perhaps it was this heightened emotionality that led Sigmund Freud to speculate that dreams serve as wish fulfillment .
Regardless , the answer to my second questionhow and why does the brain manufacture dreams? remains a fundamental mystery .
But psychologists and brain scientists have recently renewed their interest in this everyday surreal activity .
Perchance to Dream In 1953 Nathaniel Kleitman of the University of Chicago and his graduate student Eugene Aserinsky discovered that
slumber , which had been considered a single continuous period of downtime , contains recurring periods in which the sleeper's eyes move about , heartbeat and breathing become irregular , most voluntary muscles are paralyzed and brain activity ( as measured by electroencephalography ) is heightened .
These fast , low-voltage brain waves resemble the ones that occur during wakefulness .
This state became known as rapid eye movement ( REM ) sleep , to distinguish it from deep sleep .
But in the past several decades that understanding has begun to slowly shift .
When people who are woken from deep sleep are asked " What was passing through your mind just before you woke up " ?
rather than the more biased " Have you been dreaming " ?
a more nuanced picture emerges .
In the early phases of deep sleep , and during short daytime naps , which consist of pure non-REM sleep , people report vivid hallucinations that are shorter , more static and more thoughtlike than the dreams that occur during REM sleep .
These visions are typically more like snapshots than narratives and do not include a self .
Yet a minority of non-REM dream reports are indistinguishable from REM dreams .
It is also notable that sleepwalking and nightmares occur in deep , not REM , sleep .
Thus , scientists have had to revise the belief that
the REM state is an external manifestation of the subjective dream state .
Further evidence comes from the study of brain-damaged patients by neuropsychoanalyst Mark Solms of the University of Cape Town in South Africa .
When a part of the brain stem known as the pons is destroyed , people no longer experience REM sleep .
But only one in 26 of such patients reports a loss of dreaming ,
and nobody has ever reported loss of dreaming from limited pons damage .
The regions critical for dreaming are not in the pons .
They include the visual and audiovisual regions in and near the temporoparietal-occipital junction in the neocortex .
Destruction of small portions of these areas leads to the loss of specific dreaming dimensions .
For example , a stroke , tumor or other calamity in the cortical region necessary for color or motion perception will leach hue or movement from dreams .
Moreover , medications that manipulate dopamine levels strongly affect dreaming while leaving the REM sleep cycle unaffected .
L-dopa , the most popular medication for Parkinson's disease , increases the frequency and vividness of dreams , whereas antipsychotic drugs that block dopamine reduce dreaming .
The dissociation of dreaming from REM sleep serves as a conceptual clearing of the deck for neuroscientists such as myself .
Now we can focus on the neuronal causes of conscious mental activity , whether in a dreaming or wakeful state , without being confused by extraneous factors such as REM or non-REM sleep that , it turns out , do not pertain to subjective experience per se .
The Mind-Body Problem Why am I so confident I experience anything while dreaming ?
Maybe I am unconscious while slumbering and confabulate my dreams when I awaken .
This is unlikely for many reasons .
The bizarreness and vividness of dreams are distinct from normal experience and therefore unlikely to be " retrofitted " .
Indeed , people with memory deficits do not report fewer dreams .
Additionally , the length of dream reports correlates well with time elapsed in REM dreams .
More evidence comes from people with REM sleep behavior disorder ,
who lack the muscle paralysis , known as atonia , typical of REM sleep .
They act out their dreams , sometimes even harming themselves or bed partners , and their actions match their dream reports .
They might , for instance , move their legs while asleep and later report that they dreamed of walking .
Dreams are of great interest to the student of the mind-body problem , because they bear witness that the brain alone is sufficient to generate consciousness .
We dream with eyes shut in the dark , disconnected from the outside world .
The brain regions responsible for basic sensory perception are deactivated .
Nor is behavior necessary ,
as we are motionless except for our breathing and eye movements .
Thus , dreaming supports the old philosophical brain-in-the-vat idea that
saw its modern renaissance in The Matrix .
Cognitive neuroscientists have recently learned to decode some simple mental statesin essence , a primitive form of mind reading .
When scientists ask people to view one of two imagesa portrait or a photograph of a houseor to imagine either a face or a house , they can tell from brain analyses which of the two the person is seeing or imagining .
Once such techniques become more sophisticated , they could be put to use in dream work ,
so that in addition to studying the physiology of the dreaming brain , investigators will be able to read out the content of the dream itself .
Then neuroscience will be in a much better position to answer the age-old questions that have fascinated everyone from oracles and shamans to Freud and , more recently , science-fiction enthusiasts :
Why do we dream , and what do dreams mean ?
When Google put their faith in Wave , an ambitious new project last year , they knew it was a gamble .
But a big part of it was the team behind the project .
A team led by Lars Rasmussen , the engineer best known as the co-creator of the hugely successful Google Maps .
And now he's left the company .
And from what we hear , he's heading to Facebook .
Rasmussen confirmed his departure on his Facebook page .
Yesterday was his last day of work at Google .
He didn't give any indication where he'll be heading next , other than he'd be " a whole big ocean closer " ( he was living in Australia where the Wave team was based . )
But the fact that he put all this info on Facebook is telling .
From what we're hearing , he will be joining Facebook .
Neither Facebook nor Google has returned our request for comment yet .
This is a huge loss for Google
and a huge gain for Facebook .
But it's hardly surprising that Rasmussen is leaving Google given that the search giant killed his ambitious Wave project barely a year after it was first unveiled .
Rasmussen's defection is the latest in a series of moves from Google to the pre-IPO Facebook .
But his move is likely the biggest one since Chrome OS lead Matthew Papakipos made the same jump in June .
We'll be very interested to hear what he's working on at the social network .
No word yet on what his brother Jens , who also helped co-create both Maps and Wave , will be joining him there .
Update from Facebook :
As matter of policy , we do not comment on potential employees until they start .
In other words , when he gets back from his vacation in between jobs , they'll confirm .
It's also worth noting as well that current Facebook CTO Bret Taylor was heavily involved in the launch of Google Maps .
Computers : Will They Ever Learn ?
Sometimes Google Translate is spot-on perfect .
Very often , though , the system has all the fluency of a barely competent human translator .
Ask most computer programmers what would happen if , suddenly , their computers got a thousand times faster .
Most would rhapsodize about being able to immediately put that extra power to good use .
Ask Franz Josef Och the same question , though , and he says that even with a machine a thousand times more powerful than today 's his program would n't run significantly better than it does right now , as far as most people could tell .
Which is quite an admission , because Och is responsible for one of the most amazing computer programs in the world :
He is head of the division at Google that runs Google Translate .
Google Translate is a free Google service that translates between scores of languages almost as quickly as Google returns search results .
Give it a Web page from a Spanish newspaper and in about a second the text is converted to English .
When you first encounter it , there is a whiff of sci-fi make-believe about this tearing down of ancient language barriers .
That , at least , is the impression you get as a new user .
Spend more time with the software , though , and you realize while Google Translate is often spot-on perfect , especially with simple sentences from structurally simple languages like Spanish , it can produce puzzling sentences .
Frequently the system has the fluency of a barely competent human translator , one who happens to be both distracted and drunk .
I use Google Translate almost every day , usually to see what the rest of the world is thinking .
It 's as good as it is because of advances in statistical translation .
This method involves not parsing sentences the way you learned to do in grade school but rather comparing lots of phrases with their existing translations ( which Google did by downloading stacks of translated documents , like those from the United Nations . )
Computer scientists have wrung nearly all of the performance they can from this approach and can 't do much better than they are , even as hardware continues to get faster .
In other words , Google Translate readers in the year 2020 will be able to find clunkers and non sequiturs almost as easily as they can today .
A computer that translates as well as a human , which is as good a definition as any of genuine artificial intelligence , is nowhere in sight .
Improvements to Google Translate are being made on a regular basis .
But they are relatively small , incremental steps .
" The trajectory we are on just does n't seem likely to reach artificial intelligence " , Och says .
This is n't just an issue for computer translation ;
it exists for just about all of the tough problems computers are working in :
language , vision , robotics -- even search , which is at the heart of the Web .
Computers have become remarkably useful but are still a far cry from the dream of early computer pioneers of a machine so smart it would be indistinguishable from a human .
Will one ever be ?
I am doubtful , though Och does n't share my pessimism , holding out for some breakthrough , even if he has no idea what it might look like .
What 's needed , he says , are computer programs that learn how to learn things .
Programmers will also need to figure out how to synthesize the intelligence of different programs .
Right now a computer might play Jeopardy , but it knows nothing about playing chess .
Neither the Jeopardy-playing computer nor the chess-playing one has any sense of how a soccer ball bounces .
A computer would have to know a little bit about a lot of things to translate gracefully .
There are two kinds of engineers in Silicon Valley .
A surprisingly large number believe , despite evidence to the contrary all around them , that computers are progressing so rapidly that we 're not far away from having a real-life version of HAL from the movie 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Many of them happen to be colleagues of Och 's at Google , adherents of what 's called the Singularity Movement .
It 's common in these circles to believe computers are becoming so much like people that , in another few decades , we will be able to download our consciousness into them and thus live forever .
The other sort of engineer understands that glib comparisons between computers and humans do n't do justice to the complexities of either .
I 'd put Och in that category .
Guess which of them writes more useful software ?
Achieve Anything in Just One Year
Do you have goals in life ?
Most people have a certain idea of what they want to achieve in life .
It can be anything from starting a successful business to building a strong marriage or strong friendships .
While we all have different goals a lot of times we have to take simple steps to reach those goals .
The path of self improvement is what unites businessmen , housewives , teenagers and grandparents .
The process of growing as a person is fascinating and it does not matter how old you are to start this journey .
I have started my journey when I was 22 and the changes that have happened in my life are tremendous !
I think that the path of self improvement , spirituality and faith is what drives me through life and helps me be a better person .
OK , that was a long rant about the importance of self improvement
( I am pretty sure that you agree with me if you like reading blogs )
Now , would you believe me if I said that there is a single resource that can help you achieve anything in life ?
This is a very strong claim !
Actually when I got an email from Jason Harvey asking me if I was interested in reviewing his book Achieve Anything in Just One Year I was a little skeptical about it .
I guess I agreed to look at the book more from curiosity rather than a belief that it could really do that much .
Boy , I was wrong !
Even if you do not like book reviews , stick around and read Jason 's interview because he has really great tips to share with all of us .
In the meantime I want to say a few words about the book .
It is a really great one !
The book is divided into 365 chapters ( each chapter is page-long and it contains a motivational quote and a lesson . )
You can go day after day or you can open the book whenever you want to and read a few pages that will help you focus on important areas in your life .
I must say that I have n't gone through 365 days yet ( I am about 30 days into the book ) and I am learning a lot .
Jason 's approach is very balanced .
You do not have to spend much time reading and you do not have to follow a particular plan .
You just flow with it and incorporate his tips into your life naturally .
Who is this book good for ?
Anyone who wants to reach their goals People who value their time Anyone who is looking for meaning in their life Someone who is ready to make changes and grow Anyone looking for a more balanced approach to life .
Let 's see what Jason has to say about his book and life balance .
Do not forget to ask him questions in the comments below .
1 . Jason , in your book you promise that your readers can achieve anything in just one year .
How is it possible ?
Did you have to change your life in order to reach your goals ?
Great question Anastasiya .
There are a few things that are involved , first you need to do a bit of self examination and figure out what it is that you want to achieve and why .
For example , if you have a goal to sail around the World and the thing that brings you the most joy in your life is spending time with friends and family then I would say you really need to go back and re-examine what you want to achieve and why .
along with what you are going to do to reach these goals .
Putting your goals and action plan to paper is a very powerful thing .
Our subconscious mind is always working , and when you write things down you put these thoughts into your subconscious .
Finally you will need to take action , this is the key .
You must do something , you must take action .
When you take action toward your goal each and every day anything is possible .
For myself : in the past one of the things that I struggled with was being consistent with my actions .
I would try to fit in the actions needed to achieve my goals after I completed everything else that I thought I had to do that day .
This led me to skip a lot of days due to lack of time .
This lack of consistency led me to fail .
When I finally realized the power of being consistent I was able to achieve so much .
I know that some people reading this might think that this seems a little simplistic or even a little boring .
Well maybe they are right , but achieving your goals does not have to be complicated .
Your book is divided into 365 chapters .
If you had to give your readers advice for only one day , the most important day , what would it be ?
I would have to go with Day 362 , which is about remembering to enjoy the everyday experiences of life .
Sometimes you can get caught up in the excitement of working to achieve a goal and not take the time to have fun along the way .
For example , if you are working on a fitness goal that involves spending one hour a day in a gym , you should take the time to meet some of the people who are at the gym .
This will not only make going to the gym more enjoyable but you will also make some new friends along the way .
3 . What do you think about life balance ?
What is it in your opinion and do you have it in your life ?
I feel life balance is very important , it is something I am very mindful of everyday .
I define life balance as aligning your health , relationships and work life in a way that makes you happy .
That said I think it is a very individual matter , you need to figure out for yourself what the perfect balance is .
Fortunately I do have a life balance that brings me great joy in my life .
However this was not always the case .
4 . What is ( was ) the most difficult part of your life to bring in balance ?
How did you manage to do that ?
I was a workaholic and this meant that my health and personal relationships came a distance second to my business .
This was a difficult thing to change , I was self employed and I thoroughly enjoyed running my business .
But over time I began to realize that I was not that happy doing what I was doing every day .
By this I mean that I was aware of the concept of life balance .
From there I made a conscious decision to take the actions needed to rebalance my life in a way that would make me happier .
5 . What are your three most successful habits in life that help you accomplish your goals ?
1. Journaling 2. Reading 3. Consistency
6. Jason , please , give us your advice on how to always feel inspired to reach for the dreams in life and to live every day meaningfully .
This is somewhat of a catch 22 .
First you need a plan on how to reach your dreams , then you need to take action .
The process of taking action to accompany your dreams will in turn inspire you to get up each day and feel ready to take on the world .
Of course the inverse is also true ,
if you have no defined plans or even dreams at all it will be very difficult to get up and feel inspired to take on the day .
Thank you , Jason !
If you are ready to check out Jason 's book and achieve anything you want in life please click the image to the left or right here .
Keep it balanced !
Strategic jousting between China and America
Testing the waters Tensions rise over efforts to create a new Chinese lake
ON THE face of things , North Korea was supposed to quiver at the presence of a powerful American aircraft-carrier , the USS George Washington , at the head of a fleet of American and South Korean warships off the south-east coast of the Korean peninsula this week .
The vessels fired artillery shells and lobbed anti-submarine bombs into the wine-dark sea .
This was no idle show of force , but an act of intimidation aimed at deterring North Korea , which South Korea and the United States blame for the sinking in March of a South Korean corvette , the Cheonan .
But more subtly , it was also a shot across China 's bows .
China refuses to condemn North Korea over the Cheonan sinking , to the irritation of America and others , while describing the exercises as unwarranted warmongering .
America and China have shown growing signs of friction over their competing security presence around the trade-clogged shores of Asia .
China 's reaction to the Cheonan is one element in what appears to be an attempt to turn the seas near it into a Chinese lake .
South Korea had wanted to hold the joint war games in the Yellow Sea near where the Cheonan sank .
But China said it opposed them , so the exercises were moved .
It is the first time that China has objected to ( perfectly legal ) manoeuvres in the area .
Chinese media reported that Chinese land forces had staged exercises of their own " near " the Yellow Sea .
Tensions are not confined to North-East Asia .
On July 23rd they erupted publicly on the fringes of an Asian security forum in Hanoi , where Hillary Clinton , America 's secretary of state , said that respect for international law and established rules was key in the South China Sea .
Vietnam , Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Brunei  all friendly with the United States  have maritime-boundary quarrels with China .
An American role in enforcing the peace , Mrs Clinton asserted , was in her country 's " national interest . "
The sea was " pivotal to regional stability . "
Two days later her Chinese counterpart , Yang Jiechi , struck back .
He warned America off inflaming tensions by " internationalising " what Beijing insists are bilateral matters .
Chinese editorials said South-East Asians should not be hoodwinked by imperialists .
Last year America offered a pact of " strategic reassurance " with China , in which America would welcome China 's rise as a global power if it would reassure the world that it did not threaten others .
The spat in Hanoi suggested that the pact has yet to materialise .
China ought to have seen Mrs Clinton 's comments coming .
In March Chinese officials told Americans that they saw the South China Sea as part of China 's " core interests , " on a par with Taiwan and Tibet .
In response Vietnam , which has chafed at China 's efforts to stop Western oil companies signing offshore oil exploration deals quietly led a lobbying attempt to get America to stand up for South-East Asia .
Some Americans urge a stronger response .
Yet as Marcus Noland , a scholar of North Korea at the Peterson Institute for International Economics , argues , Mrs Clinton is constrained by the need for Chinese support on many issues .
They range from exchange rates to Iran 's nuclear programme , and indeed to co-operation in the event of a North Korean meltdown .
Japan 's armed forces were present as observers during the Sea of Japan war games .
Newspaper reports suggest the defence ministry will increase Japan 's submarine fleet for the first time since 1976 , adding two submarines to counter both North Korea and increased Chinese naval activity in seas near Japan .
In South Korea , however , plenty have criticised President Lee Myung-bak for what they see as his hard-line approach to Kim Jong Il 's flailing regime .
Conspiracy theories have swirled around the Cheonan investigation .
One question was why Sweden , a part of the investigating team , did not sign the final report blaming North Korea .
But the Swedish ambassador to South Korea , Lars Vargo , told The Economist that this was a procedural matter and his country believes North Korea was responsible .
In China the strength of the American response has sparked a debate over whether the country is pushing too far with its expanded list of " core interests . "
On July 27th even the Global Times , a usually reliable critic of American behaviour , argued that China should avoid " arbitrarily expanding " the definition of its core interests .
Sometimes even big powers , it said , can make territorial concessions without sacrifice .
Outlook Weekly , part of the state news agency , quoted a military academic warning that to misuse the term " core interests " might undermine its deterrent value or even lead to armed conflict .
Just now , Chinese diplomats , for all the talk of China 's " peaceful rise , " have weakened their case by upping the ante .
In the South China Sea , say Western diplomats , China has in effect declared as its territory not merely the contested Paracel and Spratly Islands and waters close to them , but a vast swathe of ocean stretching deep into South-East Asia .
Neighbours wonder whether claims will one day be backed with force .
" Does the expression of one 's legitimate concerns count as coercion , " ? asked Mr Yang , the foreign minister . "
When it 's a colossus talking , China 's neighbours might understandably think so .
Brazil 's president offers asylum to imprisoned Iranian woman
President Luiz Ignacio Lula da Silva 's government recently participated in talks with Iran on its nuclear program .
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Brazil 's president offers asylum to Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani
Lawyer of woman says his wife is being unfairly held
Brazil 's president has been involved in diplomatic talks with Iran in recent months
Iran says Ashtiani 's stoning sentence was commuted , but no word on alternate sentence
Brazil 's president has offered asylum to an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning , state-run media reported Saturday .
President Luiz Ignacio Lula da Silva was quoted by Brazil 's official state news agency EBC as saying " I want to make an appeal to my friend Ahmadinejad ..
and to the government of Iran to allow Brazil to take in the woman " .
Brazil recently participated in talks with Iran aimed at restarting negotiations about Iran 's nuclear program .
In May , Brazil helped broker a deal with Iran that would provide Tehran with enriched uranium for medical research .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 and was originally sentenced to death by stoning .
Iranian authorities say the sentence has been put on hold , but there have been no reports as to whether a new sentence has been imposed .
The 43-year-old mother of two is reportedly still being held held in Tabriz prison .
Iran 's judiciary could reinstate her sentence of death by stoning , execute her by another means , or possibly even grant her a reprieve , according to human rights groups .
Ashtiani 's attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , told CNN earlier this month that his client confessed to the crime after being subjected to 99 lashes .
He said she later recanted the confession and denied any wrongdoing .
Mostafaei has gone into hiding since last weekend after being interrogated by Iranian authorities , human rights groups say .
Advocates and Mostafaei say his wife and brother-in-law are being held by Iranian authorities .
A letter believed to be written by Mostafaei was posted on the Internet on Saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .
The lawyer says he has cooperated with interrogators , and says his wife and brother-in-law are victims of of " hostage taking " .
Mostafaei said he and his family are innocent of any wrongdoing .
The Guardian newspaper previously reported that Mostafaei 's wife was arrested when they were unable to find him .
Healthy , young volunteers with no history of heart disease showed unfavorable changes in their heart function after just two hours of exercising while being exposed to ozone , report researchers in the journal Circulation .
The changes included surges in markers of inflammation , as well as drops in levels of enzymes that break down clots in the blood vessels  alterations that may explain the link between exposure to air pollution and heart risk .
The study is among the first to document the physiological changes caused by exposure to ozone , a major pollutant formed when volatile organic compounds from industrial waste or car exhaust reacts with sunlight .
Previous studies have linked exposure to ozone to heart problems , but had not quantified the precise effect of the pollutant on biological markers of heart and lung function .
( MORE :
Mom 's Exposure to Air Pollution Can Increase Kids ' Behavior Problems ) In the study , 23 young participants participated in two hours of intermittent exercise in a lab while being exposed first to " clean " air , and then to air containing 0.3 parts per million of ozone , which is higher than the amount found in average U.S. cities but about the peak level calculated for heavily polluted cities like Beijing , China and Mexico City .
( However , the level is equivalent to the amount of ozone someone in an average American city would be exposed to over the course of seven to eight hours ) .
Scientists then compared readings on various biological markers of heart and lung function between the two sessions , to get a sense of ozone 's impact .
Under the ozone conditions , the participants experienced a nearly 99% jump in levels of interleukin-8 , an marker for inflammation in the blood vessels .
They also showed a 42% drop in plasminogen levels , which lowers the body 's ability to break up blood clots .
The study recorded the participants ' readings for only 24 hours after the experiment , and the changes were temporary and reversible :
once the volunteers stopped breathing the heavy concentration of ozone , their measurements returned to normal levels .
" But the results show that ozone can have potentially harmful , and even deadly effects on the heart , say the authors .
" This study provides a plausible explanation for the link between acute ozone exposure and death " , Robert Devlin , a senior scientist at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's National Health and Environmental Effects Research Laboratory and the study 's lead author , said in a statement .
( MORE :
Traffic Noise Linked to Heart Attack Risk ) " The results complement what are suspicions are , and help us to apply what we know about pollution risk to populations we think are at especially high risk " .
says Dr. Steven Tracy Luke 's Mid America Heart Institute Cardiologist and a spokesperson with the American Heart Association .
The findings highlight the dangers of pollution to people who might already have unstable plaques in their heart vessels , she says , since ozone can trigger a surge in inflammatory markers that drive these plaques to rupture , causing a heart attack .
While Stevens says the risks of pollution in aggravating inflammation are known , having data that quantifies the risk as the current study does may help more people to appreciate and address ways to reduce inflammation .
The American Heart Association recommends that people with heart disease avoid going out on high-ozone days , and lower their risk of exposure to heavily polluted air , including cigarette smoke .
MORE :
Exposure to Air Pollution During Pregnancy May Boost Chances of Obesity in Kids .
" As everyone says , no place is better than China nowadays " .
" No is good " , Chen nods .
" You are joking " , Xiaoxi says .
Her sullen mood seems at odds with the jubilant crowd around them .
As she suddenly departs , he notices two men smoking nearby who have been following her .
So opens an early scene from The Prosperous Time : China 2013 , a hotly controversial Chinese science-fiction novel .
Written by 58-year-old Hong Kong novelist Chen Guanzhong , who has lived and worked in Beijing for much of his life ,
China 2013 presents an ambivalent vision of China 's near future :
outwardly triumphant ( a Chinese company has even bought out Starbucks , ) and yet tightly controlled .
The novel , first published in Hong Kong in late 2009 , caused quite a stir on Chinese websites early this year .
For instance , Hecaitou , one of the most influential bloggers in the country , wrote in January that the book " once and for fall settles the majority of Internet quarrels " on what China 's tomorrow will be like .
At the time , the book was only available in Hong Kong .
But after interest grew apace in Chinese cyberspace , the author himself " pirated " his rights from his own publisher in Hong Kong to let Chinese mainlanders read it online for free .
Since February , numerous digital versions of the novel have circulated and sparked heated discussions on the Chinese Internet .
The significance -- and uniqueness -- of the novel is that it is a work of social science fiction , a subgenre that has become virtually nonexistent since the establishment of the People 's Republic .
Such keen reader interest in visions of China 's political future is remarkable -- and reveals a pent-up appetite among readers .
Take a look at recent issues of the popular Chinese Sci-Fi World magazine , or at Internet rankings of today 's most-read Chinese sci-fi stories , and you 'll find every kind of plotline you might find in Western sci-fi literature -- time travel , space voyage , robot battles , you name it --
but social or political criticism , as you might read in books like George Orwell 's 1984 , is almost completely lacking .
That is n't because politically charged science fiction never existed in China .
As popular sci-fi writer Ye Yonglie has documented , the history of modern Chinese science fiction goes back to the early 20th century .
The genre was catalyzed by the first Chinese translation of Jules Verne 's Around the World in Eighty Days , published in 1900 .
Early Chinese sci-fi works often doubled as political parables and social criticism , starting with 1904's The Moon Colony .
Now commonly cited as the first Chinese sci-fi novel ,
The Moon Colony tells the story of an anti-Qing dynasty revolutionary 's life in exile ;
taking a cue from Jules Vernes ' heroes , he travels on a balloon around the world , and eventually migrates to the moon .
The book was in part a commentary on corruption in contemporary society .
This politically-charged tradition in Chinese sci-fi continued for more than four decades , epitomized by Lao She 's controversial 1932 novel , Cat Country .
Lao She , one of the most important Chinese writers of the last century , published his only science-fiction novel as serial installments in a magazine .
The story is set on Mars .
Although it was published 13 years before Orwell 's Animal Farm , the political satire functions in similar fashion , with intrigues among a colony of cats on Mars serving as criticism of contemporary political reality in China .
It was the only Chinese sci-fi novel then translated into foreign languages .
Cat Country was so popular among readers that it was reprinted seven times over the course of 17 years until 1949 .
Under Communist rule , however , the book disappeared from shelves , and any social or political criticism content in new sci-fi works disappeared along with it .
Mao Zedong 's official literary policy was that " literature and art serve politics " .
As a dystopian novel , Cat Country was politically incorrect , and in August 1966 , Lao She was publicly denounced and beaten by the Red Guards .
Not long after , he committed suicide .
I grew up in the western city of Chongqing in the 1960s and 1970s , an avid fan of Lao She 's less controversial works .
I had never heard of Cat Country until years after the Cultural Revolution .
Following Mao 's death , much Western literature and philosophy were introduced in China for the first time .
I still vividly remember the excitement among my friends in 1980s as we vied with each other for copies of translated books such as William Shirer 's The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , Dennis Meadows etc 's The Limits to Growth and Alvin Toffler's The Third Wave etc .
In 1985 , George Orwell 's 1984 and Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World first became widely available to Chinese readers .
( Reportedly , the earliest Chinese translation of 1984 was published in 1979 in a limited-circulation Communist Party magazine to provide " references for the leadership comrades ) " .
It was around the late 1970s and early 1980s that some Chinese sci-fi writers became bold enough to embed reflections on domestic events such as the Cultural Revolution in their stories .
For a while , it seemed that social sci-fi might reestablish itself as a literary subgenre in China .
That hope , however , was extinguished in 1983 , when Deng Xiaoping launched a " clean up spiritual pollution " campaign against writers , in effect clamping down again on freedom of thought .
Economically and culturally , the China of today looks entirely unrecognizable from that of previous decades -- with new skyscrapers , shopping malls , and airports .
Still , political censorship and restrictions on freedom of speech continue .
" Newspeak " style journalism is far more common than independent voices .
Writers are still being indicted for their words .
In February .
China 2013 was fortunate to be published in Hong Kong , due to the " one country , two systems " policy .
Modern China is a paradox .
Its coexistence of economic prosperity and political autocracy is baffling .
Chen Guanzhong 's China 2013 presents a fairly Orwellian view of China 's future .
Although Chen has said he does not think his novel is like 1984 , certain parallels between the two are pretty obvious .
Key Orwellian concepts such as a " memory hole " , " double think " , and " newspeak " find echoes in Chen 's novel , and the antagonist is a party official reminiscent of OBrien , a character in 1984 .
As the novel 's plot unfolds , on the day that marks the beginning of an unprecedented world-wide economic crisis , the U.S. dollar falls by one-third .
The same day , China officially enters what its leaders call " the prosperous time " .
Every Chinese person accepts this happy coincidence , except for two men and a woman .
The three remember events differently :
They believe that a month , somehow been lost from public memory , separates these two events .
And they set out to recover memories of that lost month .
The three truth-seekers are led by Fang Chaodi , a man in his mid-60s who immigrated to the United States in 1972 after Richard Nixon's Beijing visit but returned to China in late 1990s .
He is accompanied by a young rural man named Zhang Dou , as well as Xiaoxi , a woman who distrusts the government and whose 24-year-old son is a party informant attempting to send her to prison .
Unable at first to unravel how an entire month has disappeared , they eventually kidnap a member of the Politburo , He Dongsheng , who confesses that between the start of global economic meltdown and the advent of China's prosperous time , there was in fact a chaotic period -- mysteriously now largely forgotten .
The first week of that period is filled with public disquiet , panic buying , and looting .
Initially the government takes little action to prevent the nation from falling into a state of anarchy .
But in the second lost week , the People 's Liberation Army suddenly marches through streets everywhere in a dramatic crackdown against alleged criminals .
On the last day of the crackdown , the government adds a drug to the nation 's water supply .
It works its magic and turns almost everyone in China into a more jovial and complacent person .
The day after , the government announces that the country has formally entered " the prosperous time " .
New economic policies are implemented ;
national GDP continues to grow , and the party 's hold on power grows ever more secure .
The most surprising turn in the plot is that , as the reader eventually discovers , the public 's selective memory loss turns out not to have been induced by the government . It is a voluntary memory loss .
This unexpected twist is a brilliant stroke from the author ;
it provokes hard questions not only about the government but about popular complacency in China .
Equally sharp and biting is the author 's portrait of China 's intellectual elite indulging in the carefree " prosperous time " , willingly letting go of the unpleasant past and their critical spirit .
The book 's author has said that the novel is essentially more " realism " than science fiction .
Its ending is pessimistic .
When the truth seekers interrogate He Dongsheng , the Politburo member , they lose control of the conversation , which effectively becomes a monologue by the official .
The interrogators can muster only feeble rebuttals to his claim that " the one-party capitalist-socialist autocracy is today 's China 's best option " .
The novel evokes the dark side of the one-party autocracy , yet its heroes seem to be overwhelmed by He 's eloquent policy speech .
This might well be the novel 's message :
Paradoxically , it 's the Chinese public 's aversion to political upheavals and desire for a better economic life that enables the government to operate with impunity .
The debt crisis in Greece is approaching the point of no return .
As prospects for a rescue plan seem to be fading , largely thanks to German obduracy , nervous investors have driven interest rates on Greek government bonds sky-high , sharply raising the country 's borrowing costs .
This will push Greece even deeper into debt , further undermining confidence .
At this point it 's hard to see how the nation can escape from this death spiral into default .
It 's a terrible story , and clearly an object lesson for the rest of us .
But an object lesson in what , exactly ?
Yes , Greece is paying the price for past fiscal irresponsibility .
Yet that 's by no means the whole story .
The Greek tragedy also illustrates the extreme danger posed by a deflationary monetary policy .
And that 's a lesson one hopes American policy makers will take to heart .
The key thing to understand about Greece 's predicament is that it 's not just a matter of excessive debt .
Greece 's public debt , at 113percent of G.D.P. , is indeed high ,
but other countries have dealt with similar levels of debt without crisis .
For example , in 1946 , the United States , having just emerged from World War II , had federal debt equal to 122percent of G.D.P.
Yet investors were relaxed , and rightly so :
Over the next decade the ratio of U.S. debt to G.D.P. was cut nearly in half , easing any concerns people might have had about our ability to pay what we owed .
And debt as a percentage of G.D.P. continued to fall in the decades that followed , hitting a low of 33 percent in 1981 .
So how did the U.S. government manage to pay off its wartime debt ?
Actually , it did n't .
At the end of 1946 , the federal government owed $ 271billion ;
by the end of 1956 that figure had risen slightly , to $ 274 billion .
The ratio of debt to G.D.P. fell not because debt went down , but because G.D.P. went up , roughly doubling in dollar terms over the course of a decade .
The rise in G.D.P. in dollar terms was almost equally the result of economic growth and inflation , with both real G.D.P. and the overall level of prices rising about 40percent from 1946 to 1956 .
Unfortunately , Greece can't expect a similar performance .
Why ?
Because of the euro .
Until recently , being a member of the euro zone seemed like a good thing for Greece , bringing with it cheap loans and large inflows of capital .
But those capital inflows also led to inflation 
and when the music stopped , Greece found itself with costs and prices way out of line with Europe 's big economies .
And that means that unlike postwar America , which inflated away part of its debt , Greece will see its debt burden worsened by deflation .
That 's not all .
Deflation is a painful process , which invariably takes a toll on growth and employment .
So Greece won't grow its way out of debt .
On the contrary , it will have to deal with its debt in the face of an economy that 's stagnant at best .
So the only way Greece could tame its debt problem would be with savage spending cuts and tax increases , measures that would themselves worsen the unemployment rate .
No wonder , then , that bond markets are losing confidence , and pushing the situation to the brink .
What can be done ?
The hope was that other European countries would strike a deal , guaranteeing Greek debt in return for a commitment to harsh fiscal austerity .
That might have worked .
But without German support , such a deal won't happen .
Greece could alleviate some of its problems by leaving the euro , and devaluing .
But it 's hard to see how Greece could do that without triggering a catastrophic run on its banking system .
Indeed , worried depositors have already begun pulling cash out of Greek banks .
There are no good answers here  actually , no nonterrible answers .
But what are the lessons for America ?
Of course , we should be fiscally responsible .
What that means , however , is taking on the big long-term issues , above all health costs  not grandstanding and penny-pinching over short-term spending to help a distressed economy .
Equally important , however , we need to steer clear of deflation , or even excessively low inflation .
Unlike Greece , we 're not stuck with someone else 's currency .
But as Japan has demonstrated , even countries with their own currencies can get stuck in a deflationary trap .
What worries me most about the U.S. situation right now is the rising clamor from inflation hawks , who want the Fed to raise rates ( and the federal government to pull back from stimulus )
even though employment has barely started to recover .
If they get their way , they 'll perpetuate mass unemployment .
But that 's not all .
America 's public debt will be manageable if we eventually return to vigorous growth and moderate inflation .
But if the tight-money people prevail , that won't happen 
and all bets will be off .
At Microsoft , Bill periodically visited college campuses to talk with students about applying science and technology to drive new waves of innovation .
Next week he is headed back to school for a booster shot of youthful energy and ideas , this time as part of his work with the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation .
I 'm pretty excited because next week I 'll be traveling to five different universities in the United States for a chance to talk with students .
I 've done college tours before when I was full time at Microsoft .
This will be the first time I 've visited different campuses as part of my work at our foundation .
It will be a busy week .
I 'll be giving a talk followed by a Q&amp;A session with students at UC Berkeley , Stanford , University of Chicago , Harvard , and MIT from April 19 - 21 .
I 'll also be spending time at each school meeting with students and faculty to learn about innovative work they 're doing in their various programs .
I 'm most looking forward to my conversation with students about how we can get more of the world 's brightest people to focus on the world 's biggest challenges , like poverty , global health , education , energy and climate change .
Unlike my past college tours , you 'll be able to watch and participate in the tour even if you can't be there in person .
From the Gates Notes and other web locations you 'll be able to watch live webcasts of the talks at UC Berkeley and Harvard via Ustream .
The talks will also simulcast LIVE on TechCrunch ( UC Berkeley , 4/19 ) and Mashable ( Harvard , 4/21 . )
I 'll tweet more details and will be active on Twitter
You can also learn more by checking out the college tour section of the foundation 's Facebook page .
I 'm excited to have the students share their ideas and have others join in the conversation .
A prototype solar-powered plane has made its first full test flight - coming closer to the goal of using solar energy to fly around the world .
The Solar Impulse , with a wingspan similar to that of a super-jumbo jet but weighing the same as a saloon car , took off from a Swiss airfield .
The plane 's wings are covered by solar cells which power four electric motors .
Its designers hope a slightly larger production model will circumnavigate the globe in two years ' time .
The test flight was intended to verify that the plane 's behaviour tallied with simulations .
" With such a large and light plane never having flown before , the aircraft 's flight behaviour remains unexplored " , the flight team said in a statement .
Round-the-world balloonist Bertrand Piccard is leading the project and intends to pilot the plane along with co-founder Andre Borschberg .
" It's a very important moment after seven years of work " , said Mr Borschberg before the take-off .
Witnesses said both take-off and landing seemed to go smoothly .
The flight team have been conducting flea-hop tests since December , taking the plane no higher than 60cm ( 2ft ) in altitude and 300m in distance .
A night flight is planned later this year ,
and then a new plane will be built based on the results of those tests .
The big take-off is planned for 2012 , when the two pilots will try a transatlantic flight before attempting to circumnavigate the globe .
Amid family pressures , gays in China turn to marriages of convenience
Xiaojian was on his 10th blind date , and it was n't going well .
A few minutes in , he already found himself rejected .
The reason :
He was too short .
Xiaojian is n't even looking for love .
As a gay man , he only wants to form a convenience marriage , to ease the pressure from his family to settle down .
China decriminalized homosexuality in 1997 ,
and in 2001 removed it from the official list of mental disorders .
But the social stigma against gays remains deep , and in a society where family plays an important role ,
it is intensely reinforced by parents pressuring their children to get married and carry on the family line .
Zhang Beichuan , a professor at Qingdao University who has studied homosexuality in China since the 1980s , estimates that the country has about 30million gay men and women between the ages of 15 and 60 .
Of them , 80 to 90 percent " eventually get married " , he says .
In China , parents often play a big part in the life decisions of their children well into adulthood .
Disobeying parents  for example , by refusing to get married and so continue the family line  is considered deeply unfilial .
Many gay people , then , are turning to the convenience marriage :
A gay man and a lesbian ( or , sometimes , a heterosexual woman ) will marry one another to deflect the nagging from their parents and relatives .
They meet through friends or over the Internet .
After marrying , they won't necessarily live with one another ,
and many maintain their own same-gender partners .
But in front of their families they act like real couples .
Parental pressure
For Xiaojian , at 28 years is just past the ideal marriage age here ,
it seemed like a perfect solution .
" My parents asked me to get married , so I have to .
I cannot make them upset " , he says .
" Even though I don't agree with them , I cannot challenge them . "
His decision comes after years of family strife and personal angst .
Xiaojian 's aunt , a surgeon in a prestigious Beijing hospital , once questioned his sexual orientation and dragged him to a mental hospital to take a test to make sure he was not " abnormal " .
One night , during the Spring Festival in February , he banged his head into a wall in a dramatic protest against his parents ' pressure to marry .
His extreme reaction won him a brief respite ,
but they soon resumed their nagging about his bachelorhood .
Coming out of the closet is , as might be expected , not an option for Xiaojian , who asked that his full name not be used .
" Either my father or my mother would die " , he says .
" They cannot accept the fact that their son is the only freak in the village " .
The pressure to marry is greater in rural areas , such as in Xiaojian 's home village on the outskirts of Beijing , where his relatives and neighbors keep close watch .
Stay single too long , and gossip begins to spread about possible physical or mental disabilities .
Constant questioning ensues .
For some jobs , such as in the military and civil service , marriage is a requirement for promotion .
Adding to the pressure to obey , many young adults rely on their parents for financial support .
The average Beijing salary of 3,700 yuan ( about $ 550 ) is barely enough to live on in the increasingly expensive capital .
That is the problem facing Ling Yu , a project officer for homosexuality at the Aizhixing Institute , an AIDS prevention and awareness grassroots nongovernmental organization based in Beijing .
Though he has helped many other gay men and women protect their rights , he acknowledges that he may end up in a xingshi marriage .
He earns 3,000 yuan ($ 440 ) a month .
" People in China don't have any security .
If I lose my job , I cannot survive " , he explains .
" If that happened , I would have to rely on my parents to support me , forget about buying an apartment .
So it is not practical to challenge my parents " .
Marriage of convenience  not so easy At first glance ,
a marriage of convenience seems to be a good compromise between finding personal freedom and satisfying the parents .
But , as Xiaojian has found , finding a partner is not so easy .
Even without the need to click emotionally , let alone fall in love , meeting the resume requirements of a spouse can be just as difficult .
Dates become a series of business negotiations , often hard-nosed .
" It is so hard " , says Xiaojian , who has been trying to find the right partner over the past two years .
Gay men often find they have weaker bargaining power .
Because in China , men are responsible for carrying on the family line ,
they are pushed harder by parents to marry and have children .
As a result , there are many more gay men seeking a marriage of convenience than there are potential female partners .
The women , being in a buyer 's market , can set high standards .
Even though many of the couples won't live together after marrying , women still require that their gay " husbands " be good-looking and have a stable job , sufficient savings , and  in real estate-crazed China  their own apartment .
Xiaojian 's last blind date , who prefers to be called her by her English name , Zoe , only checked him out for three seconds before deciding his height was a deal-breaker .
" I am doing a marriage of convenience for my parents " , says Zoe , who is gay .
" They definitely won't be happy with his height .
Since I am doing it , I want to make them satisfied " .
Oftentimes , property is the " biggest concern " for most of the " couples " , says Liu Wei , a legal consultant for Aizhixing .
They also have to negotiate over whether to have children and how to take care of each other 's parents in the future , she says .
Prenuptial agreements can protect either party 's wealth ,
but " something like whether the couple is going to have children is not something that can be legally contracted " , she explains .
A better solution ?
Despite the complications , Professor Zhang , at Qingdao University , believes that such unions have merits  as long as both sides know the terms of the deal .
According to him , China has at least 16 million tongqi , or the straight wives of gay men 
many of whom get married without the awareness of their husbands ' sexual orientation .
In more than 20 years of research , Zhang has heard many tragic stories from tongqi :
how they were ashamed of their husband 's behavior and grew depressed in their loveless marriage .
Men in these relationships would expose their spouses to the risk of HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases , he says .
Many activists oppose xingshi marriages , even when both parties understand the terms .
Instead of conforming , they say , gay people should work to transform Chinese views of homosexuality .
" Marriage of convenience is a compromise and a retreat " , says Aqiang , the online name of a well-known gay rights activist based in Guangdong .
" If each gay doesn't even have the courage to communicate with their parents , their closest family , and tell the truth ,
how can we expect the society to change their attitude " ?
A growing number of activists and organizations are fighting for gay rights .
Li Yinhe , a prominent sociologist who studies sexual practices in China , has submitted a proposal to the government to legalize gay marriage .
Some in the gay community say they would settle for laws that prohibit discrimination against homosexuals .
While low-key events promoting gay rights can be held , the government has cracked down on major gatherings , such as a gay pride week planned in Shanghai last June .
Psychological and physical support is increasingly available for gay people , especially in cities .
About 300 NGOs in China work on homosexual issues , providing information on AIDS prevention and legal consultation .
Online forums for gay people give them a space to communicate .
Hotlines offer psychological consultation .
Aqiang argues that when gay rights are respected and when the public  including parents  better understands homosexuality ,
then the pressure to marry will dissipate .
For the time being , though , Xiaojian feels he has no other choice .
He says he will keep going on dates .
Marriage of convenience is a lie " , he sighs . "
"
1 / 13 Athens , Greece :
Friends and relatives of alleged members of the Epanastatikos Agonas urban guerilla group clash with riot police outside court
2 / 13 Yambio , Sudan :
Voters queue at a polling station
3 / 13 Warsaw , Poland :
Under a giant cross at Pilsudski Square , nuns pray for victims of the plane crash in which President Lech Kaczynski was killed
4 / 13 Ciudad Juarez , Mexico :
Covered by a shirt , the body a woman sits on a chair where she was murdered at a race circuit
5 / 13 Port-au-Prince , Haiti :
Women queue for food being distributed at a camp for homeless earthquake survivors
6 / 13 Marjah , Afghanistan :
People look for shelter as a sandstorm approaches
7 / 13 Haridwar , India :
Hindu devotees offer prayers on the banks of the river Ganges
8 / 13 Bangkok , Thailand :
People are sprayed with water during the Songkran festival to mark the Thai new year , in the tourist area of Khao San Road
9 / 13 Manila , Philippines :
A child dries crops on top of a shanty on the bank of the Pasig river
10 / 13 Hayle , UK :
A seal pup makes its way towards the sea in a cove , close to where pups were released by the National Seal Sanctuary 's animal care team
11 / 13 La Rochelle , France :
Divers Cyril Oumedjkane , left , and Hassan Mouti plunge from a helicopter
12 / 13 Manila , Philippines :
Flags are waved to welcome the Chinese supply ship Qiandaohu for its five-day port call
13 / 13 Mallorca :
A dancer performs the flamenco in a village near Bunyola
Zoellick Says Most Countries Back Capital Increase ( Update 1 )
By Sandrine Rastello Feb. 6 ( Bloomberg ) --
World Bank President Robert Zoellick said he is building support for a capital increase he 's seeking to obtain from shareholders that face mounting fiscal constraints .
" Everybody is feeling the effects of budgets ,
but most countries have been pretty supportive " ,
Zoellick said today in an interview on the margins of a meeting of finance chiefs and central bankers from the Group of Seven nations in Iqaluit , Canada .
" It 's a self-interest , too :
Countries want demand and developing countries can provide demand if they get the financing " .
The Washington-based World Bank , which has a membership of 186 nations , has said it may need to restrict lending by the middle of the year after the worst recession in six decades pushed requests for loans to a record .
Discussions with shareholders focus on a capital increase of $ 3.5 billion to $ 7billion , according to a World Bank official with knowledge of the talks who declined to be identified .
" My impression is that Zoellick will depart with the impression that he made some progress " , German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble told reporters after the meeting today .
He has said his country supports the increase , without citing a number .
Early Skepticism
At the bank 's annual meeting in Istanbul in October , some of the biggest shareholders had given a lukewarm response to the idea of a capital increase ,
with French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde finding it " not justified at this time " and Canada 's finance chief Jim Flaherty saying that the proposal needed more work .
Today , Flaherty , who chaired the G-7 meeting , said participants had a " specific and fairly detailed " discussion on the issue with Zoellick .
" There are two issues , one is more resources and the other is reform " , Flaherty told a press conference .
" We discussed both " .
A U.S. Treasury official , who declined to be identified by name , said the administration was considering capital increases for several development banks and that the World Bank has a strong case .
The official also said the Treasury Department would work with counterparts in other countries to push for changes at development banks as part of any capital increases .
Governments are expected to make a decision in time for the World Bank 's spring meeting in April .
The bank was created after World War II to eradicate poverty .
" The river runs to the east for 30 years , the river runs to the west for 30 years , and now it will run east for another 30 years , " says Han Deqiang , founder of the leftist Utopia website .
" The transition is already occurring but people are failing to notice . "
Maoists like to speak in poetic language , but we should listen to them because they appear ascendant in the Chinese political system .
The Communist Party of China has already abandoned Deng Xiaoping ' s transformational policies , which were encapsulated by the phrase " reform and opening up . "
China , as Professor Han tells us , has entered another era .
In the first three decades of the People ' s Republic , Mao nationalized industry , collectivized agriculture , and imposed his atomized model , ripping apart China along the way with monstrous campaigns costing the lives of tens of millions .
For three decades after that , Deng restored order , rationalized the economy , and opened the country to foreign investment .
Beijing tells us it is still reforming , but Hu Jintao , the current leader , is presiding over an era marked , on balance , by the reversal of reform .
There have been three disturbing economic trends during his rule .
First , Hu has been blocking high-profile foreign acquisitions , especially beginning in 2007 with Microsoft ' s attempt to take a stake in Sichuan Changhong Electric and Goldman Sachs ' s moves on Midea Electric and Fuyao Group .
Carlyle was frustrated in its multi-year pursuit of Xugong Group Construction Machinery late last decade , and the central government used its new anti-monopoly law against Coca-Cola when the American icon tried to buy Huiyuan Juice Group in 2009 .
Second , Hu ' s government has been renationalizing the economy for about a half decade .
During his tenure , China Investment Corp , . the sovereign wealth fund , and the National Social Security Fund went into the Chinese stock markets to buy up shares that were in private hands .
But at the end of 2008 the government ' s renationalization program really got rolling .
Then , Beijing , to avoid a slowing of growth , ramped up investment ,
now the most important of the three legs of the Chinese economy , with perhaps the largest program of stimulus spending in history .
Beijing ' s stimulative plan is resulting in a bigger state economy and a smaller private one :
about 87 % of recent growth is attributable to investment , almost all of it from the state .
And state investment is going into the state sector , of course .
The state's stimulus plan is favoring large state enterprises over small and medium-sized private firms and state financial institutions are diverting credit to state-sponsored infrastructure .
As they say ,
" the Communist Party is now the economy . "
Third , Hu Jintao has been busy shutting out foreign competitors as he has embraced a new economic paradigm of closing the country down .
The Chinese government has actively tried to cripple foreign competitors , for instance .
Beijing officials , we now know , targeted Google , stole its source code , and then undermined its ability to compete in order to help local search engine Baidu .
The Communist Party is attempting to build " national champions " and wants 50 of the world ' s 500 largest companies to be Chinese by the middle of this decade .
And it is willing to use harsh tactics to achieve this goal , like the indigenous innovation product accreditation rules that force foreign companies to surrender technology .
And Hu's designated successor is bound to continue regressive trends .
Xi Jinping is a " princeling , " a descendent of one of the early leaders of the People's Republic , communist royalty .
In Beijing these days there is a sense he will bring in other princelings into positions of political power .
The princeling faction will then use its new clout to consolidate its grip on the economy .
Senior leaders with their patronage groups and circle of supporters will milk even more wealth from business .
If that in fact happens , it will aggravate what just about everyone  Maoist or liberal  believes is wrong with the political system .
The leftist critique is gaining force because society now is reminiscent of the corrupt and decadent 1920s and 1930s of Chiang Kai-shek .
It should be no surprise , therefore , that the egalitarianism and optimism of the early Maoist era holds great attraction for the old in China  and for many of the unemployed and disenfranchised young .
Now that the political system is on the verge of an historic political transition with a whole new set of leaders taking over  the transfer of power to Xi Jinping is slated to begin in about a year  we are seeing more and more officials take the safe course and pay tribute to Maoism and endorse regressive economic policies , especially because the current leader has set a hardline tone during his tenure .
Will China return to reform after the transition is completed ?
Even if Xi were a closet liberal  not likely from what we know  don ' t expect a turn for the better anytime soon .
In the Chinese system , it takes at least two years for new officeholders to consolidate their position , so we're talking 2015 before they feel comfortable pursuing their own agenda .
Assuming that any liberals survive this grueling process , economic reform cannot get restarted for years .
Leftist thinking in China is resurgent .
Maybe Han Deqiang and his allies will not be able to start a new thirty-year trend toward Maoism as he suggests , but the current regressive mood in the Chinese capital will continue for years  and foreign businesses as well as private Chinese ones will suffer during this time .
Lenin in 1918 , speaking to crowds celebrating the first year of the revolution in Moscow's Red Square .
In the same year he was wrongly reported to have died when a young woman shot him .
Photograph :
P Otsup It was disconcerting to learn recently from a much used reference source that I had died on Friday August the 26th .
True , one's memory gets more fitful as one grows older , but I didn't remember this happening .
When I looked that day up in my diary , I found that I had noted it down as " a very empty day " when it rained and nothing much happened .
Empty , perhaps , but not as empty as that .
Still , there it was , in all its bleak finality , in a summary on Wikipedia :
" David McKie ( 1935  26 August 2011 ) was a British journalist and historian " .
The Guardian , I note , did not favour me with an obituary .
That is all the more disappointing because in an ideal world we would all get a chance to read our obituaries while we still had the chance to suggest emendations , and even in extremis to ask for a right to reply .
A journalist friend whose obituary I compiled when he died a few years ago had prepared a fact sheet setting out the main events of his life ,
which his widow sent me , thus sparing me ( and him ) from at least two conspicuous errors .
There are dozens of well-known cases of people who lived to discover what the world thought of them , usually because publication of the obituaries that newspapers , as is their habit , had prepared ahead of their deaths was accidentally triggered by false reports , confusion of names or malicious invention .
In 2003 CNN inadvertently opened its website to public inspection , thus revealing its verdicts on ( among others ) Gerald Ford , Ronald Reagan , Nelson Mandela and the comedian Bob Hope .
There is , I hardly need add , a Wikipedia entry that marshals large numbers of victims , headed by Pope John Paul II , whose death was wrongly reported three times , and Bob Hope , to whom it happened twice .
My rule with Wikipedia during the life it so recently terminated has always been to regard it as a valuable gateway but not the final word on the subject .
It's a pretty good practice to find a second source for its claims  though that is more difficult than it seems , since the second source has frequently lifted its information unchecked from Wikipedia .
Some of the entries here , though , are happily indisputable .
There's no reason to doubt that Mark Twain , accidentally killed off in 1897 and again 10 years later ,
said that reports ( not as often quoted , rumours ) of his death had been exaggerated ;
we have these words in his handwriting .
Osama bin Laden was certainly killed once or twice by wishful thinkers before it eventually happened ( if it did , which some still deny . )
There's good evidence that Ernest Hemingway liked to read his premature obituaries over a drink .
The civil rights activist Marcus Garvey , though , had to complain to a paper that reported he had died " broke , alone and unpopular . "
" It is said , " I read on another website  we journalist / historians are always a bit uneasy with the formula " it is said "
 the arms manufacturer Alfred Nobel would never have founded his peace prize but for a premature obituary saying he had grown rich " by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before . "
One celebrity the websites seem to have missed is Lenin , who was wrongly reported to have died when a young woman shot him in Moscow in September 1918 .
As the Guardian nobly recalled on 2 September , just seven days after my death , the Manchester Guardian , while saying the death had not been confirmed , ran an editorial marking it :
" Sooner or later his murder was expected , for he had enemies in his own country who seldom make mistakes 
He was an uncompromising fanatic , but he was by far the strongest and ablest man produced by the Russian Revolution " .
He died , still unmurdered , in January 1924 .
They also omit the crime writer Ngaio Marsh , prematurely killed off by me
in 1982 when , having seen a report of her death in the London Evening Standard , I alerted the Guardian's obituaries editor who duly ran an appropriate piece .
The dead woman , to whom I wrote to apologise , was generous and forgiving , saying it had been a real pleasure to read such a kindly account .
She authentically died just a few weeks later .
Wikipedia , I see , welcomes corrections .
Indeed , its section on premature obituaries accepts it is incomplete and appeals for more , well-sourced , entries .
So now I shall write to correct their error , possibly pointing out as I do so that they've somehow missed out both my latest book and my unexpected summons to wear the No 10 shirt once reserved for Wayne Rooney in England's Euro 2012 campaign .
When most people make a goal , they state something they want to do or achieve , set a completion date , create some checkpoints for the goal , and then cross items off their list as they get done .
Why ?
Because the traditional goal-setting formula most people follow was developed in the early 1900s in manufacturing to enable company executives to monitor the number of units coming out of a factory by a certain date .
It's a great measuring stick if you're manufacturing products ,
but if you're trying to improve yourself or achieve something non-tangible , it's a woefully ineffective and out-of-date process .
For example , if your goal is to have a better relationship with your spouse , the traditional goal-setting formula simply won't work .
Can you realistically set a completion date for the " better relationship " to occur ?
Sure , you can decide to do things such as a weekly date night or spend an hour each day talking with your spouse ,
but are those items you can cross off a list once you do them , never to think of them again ?
Probably not .
That's why the current goal-setting formula that people use is incomplete .
All goals fall into one of two categories :
" Be " goals and " Do " goals .
Just as the names imply ,
" Be " goals encompass anything you want to be ( a better spouse , a more productive employee , a more successful business owner , a more compassionate friend , )
and " Do " goals describe anything you want to do ( close 20 sales , attend a child's softball game , wash the dishes , hire a new employee . )
The traditional formula of goal setting only takes into account " Do " goals .
Yet for most top achievers , 80 percent of their goals are " Be ' goals and only 20 percent are " Do " goals .
They're more concerned with character attributes than arriving at a final destination point .
They know that character attributes often enable them to attain successful levels .
So it's not that top achievers don't set goals ;
rather , they set goals differently .
Rather than use the word " goal " , top achievers use words like " destination " or " performance " or " habits .
" They don't cross items off a list and forget about them , they build upon their accomplishments to reach even greater levels of success .
1 . Amazing Potential :
Every single person has an incredible amount of potential .
Unfortunately , most people have no idea how significant their potential is .
The fact is that you can do anything and you are worthy of anything .
You simply need to believe that .
Top achievers have no doubts about their potential .
They believe they can accomplish anything they want , no matter how lofty the desire .
If they want to close 20 sales by the end of the month , they know they can do it .
They believe in themselves unconditionally .
Therefore , to be like a top achiever , you too need to believe that you can accomplish anything you dream .
The sky's the limit , so think big .
2 . Amazing Possibility :
While you have the potential to do anything you can conceive , you don't truly understand what's possible unless you see someone else doing it or something similar .
For example , for decades no one believed it was possible to run a mile in under four minutes ,
but since Roger Bannister broke the " four minute barrier " in 1954 , many athletes have improved upon his record .
Once athletes saw what was possible , they pushed themselves to do better and accomplish more .
The same holds true in the business world .
When we see other people close contracts , invent new products and offer new services , we see what's possible and we make our own vision for our future .
We recognize our possibilities by what we see and believe .
Once we believe it , that vision turns into a desire .
As we believe and desire those things we see more possibilities around us .
Going back to our example of closing 20 sales by the end of the month , as long as we see other people in our company or industry closing sales , then we see the possibility that exists and we can build upon that .
We may even be able to get specific , such as seeing what specific product sells best , what price point sells most , etc .
3 . Amazing Probability :
To make something probable , you need to surround yourself with people and events that increase your chance of success .
Think of it this way :
If you were at one end of a long room , and at the other end was a dart board , people would say it wasn't probable that you could put a dart in the bull's eye .
But with every step closer to the dart board you took , you'd increase your probability of getting a bull's eye .
Those steps you take forward are what you learn , the relationships you have , the things you surround yourself with , and the preparation you put in .
In our sales example , we could surround ourselves with customers who could fulfill our objective , other salespeople who could teach us the techniques we need to know ,
circumstances where we would have the ability to pitch and sell , and self-improvement venues that would enable us to think and act like a top producer .
4 .
Awesome Performance :
Most people have heard the phrase " Give a man to fish and he eats for a day ; teach a man to fish and he eats for a lifetime .
" But the truth is that if you teach a man to fish he doesn't eat for a lifetime ;
he's just a man in a classroom .
In order to eat forever he has to get out to the lake with a fishing rod and start fishing .
So the last step to achieving great things is to get out there and actually do something .
That's what top achievers do .
So if you were trying to close 20 sales by month's end , you would now need to put everything you've learned and observed into action .
Action , not knowledge alone , is what creates results . 5 .
Make Your Life Amazing :
All top achievers go through this four-step process .
They recognize their potential , they see the possibilities ,
and they turn those possibilities into probabilities by learning and putting themselves into positions where they can gain more information and surround themselves with the right people .
As they accumulate this information they turn it into performance by actually doing something with it .
That's really the secret to achieving all your life's goals .
Remember , success is not an event .
It's a journey .
That's why performance is so important , and consistent performance is nothing more than a habit .
So if you want to be successful , you need to identify the successful attributes you want to display and make them habits .
You need to continually strive to do bigger and better things .
Rather than cross accomplishments off a list , you need to build upon them so you can achieve even more .
Only then can you truly accomplish everything you want in lifeall without ever setting a single goal .
Meditation for beginners involves learning how to relax your mind so that you free it of the thoughts of your daily life .
When you can meditate fully , you will be able to devote 100% of your attention on one object or mantra .
According to experts , meditating on a daily basis helps to improve memory and concentration , decreases feelings of worry and anxiety leaving you able to cope better in emergencies and gives you an overall feeling of well-being and happiness .
Many people know the benefits of meditation but most are unable to stick with it because they try to get into it all at once .
Meditation for beginners involves taking this slowly .
Like everything you learn to do in life it takes time and practice to be able to master the art of meditating .
It is something you should do on a daily basis even if it is for only ten minutes a day .
As you become more accustomed to sitting in the same position , you will be able to stay there for longer periods of time .
The important thing to remember is that you will not achieve immediate results .
You do have to work at it . Before you start meditating , do some stretches to loosen up your muscles .
This is one of the main factors of meditation for beginners .
This stretching will help you stay in the same position for a longer period of time without your muscles tensing up .
Meditating is a form of exercise for the mind and like all kinds of exercising you do have to warm up before you start .
The first thing to learn in meditation for beginners is how to breathe .
Meditation focuses on breathing .
The easiest way to start off is to count your breaths as you inhale and exhale .
Deep breathing , which involves inhaling through your nose as deeply as you can , will help your body start to relax .
Hold this breath and then let it out slowly through your nose .
Your heart rate will start to slow down and your muscles will start to relax .
Beginners of meditation also need to have a focus for the meditation .
It does require work to focus your mind on one point and you must be engaged in all aspects of meditating .
During the meditation , all kinds of thoughts will come to your mind .
You have to learn how to recognize these thoughts and then dismiss them so that you are still actively involved in the meditation .
This is one of the main reasons why you need to choose a quiet place for meditation where you will not be interrupted by the normal sounds of your life .
Meditation for beginners will be frustrating when you can't seem to get it right the first time .
You may be thinking that this isn't working for you when other thoughts start to come into your mind .
The key is to stay focused on meditating and to start focusing on your breathing techniques .
The thoughts of frustration are ones that can take over and ruin meditating for you .
One great practice in meditation for beginners is to concentrate on the parts of the body .
Start with your toes and focus on them as you feel them relax .
Then move upward concentrating for a few minutes on each body part and how it relaxes .
As you get to your head , your body will be completely relaxed and then you can concentrate on having a blank mind .
Concentrating on your internal organs is also part of this process and will help to give you an overall sense of well-being
Carbon capture ?
Go for the source
New analysis shows pulling CO2 from the air would not be cost-effective in the foreseeable future .
Since most of the world 's governments have not yet enacted regulations to curb emissions of greenhouse gases ,
some experts have advocated the development of technologies to remove carbon dioxide directly from the air .
But a new MIT study shows that , at least for the foreseeable future , such proposals are not realistic
because their costs would vastly exceed those of blocking emissions right at the source , such as at the powerplants that burn fossil fuels .
Some purveyors of various new technologies for scrubbing carbon dioxide out of the air are reminiscent of " snake-oil salesmen " , says Howard Herzog , a senior research engineer at the MIT Energy Initiative and co-author of the new analysis published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The study was co-authored by MIT civil and environmental engineering postdoc Kurt Zenz House , along with researchers at C12 Energy in Berkeley , Calif , . and at Stanford University .
Herzog and his co-authors are not alone in criticizing these proposals .
An analysis earlier this year by the American Physical Society came to similar conclusions , although Herzog , a peer reviewer of that study , says that report " didn't go far enough " in its criticism of air-capture systems .
In that analysis , the best open-air carbon-capture systems proposed were found to cost at least eight times as much , per ton of carbon avoided , as those installed at the powerplant .
It 's not surprising that those promoting these concepts find an eager audience , Herzog says .
" It's so enticing  you don't have to change anything about your lifestyle " to reduce greenhouse gases and slow the global climate change that virtually all the world 's climate scientists agree is underway .
" It 'd be such a great solution  if it were real " .
Unfortunately , when examined closely , it turns out that " many of those advocating air-capture deployment and research are really lowballing the cost " , Herzog says .
When the underlying chemistry and mechanics are analyzed , their numbers don't hold up , he says .
Compared with removing carbon dioxide from the emissions at a powerplant  technology that exists and can be measured  removing it from the outside air means processing about 300 times more air per ton of CO2 removed ,
because that 's the difference in CO2 concentration .
Numerous studies have shown that the cost of removing one substance from a mixture depends on its initial concentration ,
so the much lower concentration of CO2 in outside air makes its removal from air much more costly than from exhaust gases .
After a detailed comparison , the MIT-led team concluded that the cost of such removal is likely to be more than $ 1,000 per ton of CO2 avoided , compared to $ 50 to $ 100 per ton for current powerplant scrubbers .
Jennifer Wilcox , Assistant Professor of Energy Resources Engineering at Stanford University and a co-author of the study , says ,
" direct air capture sounds great in theory .
In reality , though , using fossil-based energy sources to capture and regenerate the CO2 would result in net-positive CO2 emissions " .
" If you look at the ideal equations " , Herzog says , it 's possible to come up with air-scrubbing systems that appear feasible ,
" but if you look at empirical data 
how engineers look at this , with real-world efficiencies 
you do n't find many reasons " to be hopeful .
The burden is on the inventors to show that their proposed systems really could work , he says :
" It can be done ,
that 's not the question .
The question is what is the cost " .
Some of the air-capture proposals are based on small-scale laboratory experiments ,
but do n't address key questions of how they would process the huge volumes of air required .
" They don't have answers , yet they give cost estimates " , Herzog says .
" It 's irresponsible of them to give cost estimates and hold out hope that this could be a good alternative to addressing climate change " .
While the study found that such technologies are unlikely to have a place over the next few decades ,
it did see one possible area where a particular variation of such systems might make sense , at least to a limited extent :
planting trees or other plants to extract carbon dioxide from air ,
then burning them to produce electricity while scrubbing the carbon dioxide at that powerplant .
That type of process would take advantage of plants ' natural ability to carry out the initial extraction from the air ,
and would be renewable because the plants could be harvested and then replaced .
The total cost of such a system could be a few hundred dollars per ton of carbon removed  which is not competitive at today 's prices ,
but might be in the future .
Even then , it would be more expensive than cleaning up fossil-fuel emissions right at the powerplants , Herzog says :
" What makes us think , if we 're not willing to do these cheaper alternatives today ,
that future generations will do these much more expensive things " ?
Gary Rochelle , a professor of chemical engineering at the University of Texas at Austin , who was not involved in this study , says he agrees with the conclusion
that " air-capture technology is economically infeasible , especially compared to near - and intermediate-term technologies for climate-change mitigation " .
He adds that the new research " provides a good argument to support the position that research on air-capture technology is a distraction from pursuing post-combustion technology and other important technologies for climate-change mitigation " .
He is the son of a canoe-carver , a mild-mannered academic who wears a fedora but eschews the flowing robes and bombastic brashness that often characterize Africa 's " Big Man " leaders .
When elected president in April 2011 , he was described as " Nigeria 's Obama " , a leader who would bring change to the oil-rich but poverty-ridden nation .
His countrymen believed a divine hand orchestrated his success .
After all , his name spoke of his destiny :
Goodluck Jonathan .
Now , just nine months after his election , Jonathan is an embattled leader whose popularity has plummeted .
A Christian from southern Nigeria ,
he faces the challenges of growing sectarian violence and angry citizens who took to the streets in recent weeks , carrying mock coffins and placards calling him " President Badluck " .
Protests over his decision to end fuel subsidies escalated to include discontent at corruption , mass unemployment and lack of infrastructure .
For many Nigerians , most of whom are struggling to get by on less than $ 2 a day , change is not coming quickly enough .
No longer content with ' suffering and smiling ' Humble beginnings So why the loss of good will ?
Journalist and commentator Tolu Ogunlesi suggests that Nigerians desperately wanted to believe in Jonathan 's capacity to bring change , largely because they liked his humility and identified with him .
Goodluck Jonathan , or GEJ as he is more commonly known , used his humble beginnings as political capital during his election campaign last year .
In an oft-repeated speech , he said ,
" In my early days in school I had no shoes , no school bags .
I carried my books in my hands but never despaired , no car to take me to school , but I never despaired .
There were days I had only one meal , but I never despaired .
I walked miles and crossed rivers to school every day , but I never despaired .
[ I ] did n't have power , did n't have generators , studied with lanterns , but I never despaired .
In spite of these , I finished secondary school , attended the University of Port Harcourt , and now hold a doctorate degree .
Fellow Nigerians , if I could make it , you too can make it ! "
Citizens lapped up this man-of-the-people rhetoric , says Ogunlesi , a former recipient of the CNN African journalist award .
" He came out of nowhere , and we all love an underdog . "
Even his name seemed to hold promise .
Nigerians believe one's name can help shape a person 's destiny .
So they tend to bestow on their children names with significant meaning .
It is not uncommon to meet people named Fortune , Happiness , Charity , God 's Gift .
Names given in their native language are also imbued with symbolic and often religious meaning .
His middle name Ebele ( or Ebelechukwu ) means " God 's Mercy " .
His late father , Lawrence , was quoted as saying in a biography of the president that he " called him Goodluck because although life was hard for me when he was born , I had this feeling that this boy would bring me good luck . "
His meteoric rise -- from lowly civil servant to president of Africa 's most populous nation -- seemed to trade on fortune .
His political career began when he was elected deputy governor of Bayelsa , a small state in Nigeria 's oil-producing Niger Delta region ,
then quickly became governor when his predecessor was impeached on corruption charges .
From there he rose to national office -- handpicked by party leaders to be vice president , then succeeded President Umaru Yar'Adua after the incumbent died in office .
Just over a year later , he was elected in his own right .
In a country where would-be politicians spend millions of dollars campaigning , Jonathan never actively sought or hustled for political office .
He has simply been at the right place at the right time , patiently waiting for events to unfold in his favor .
The fall from grace Critics say the loss of trust in Jonathan 's administration did not happen overnight .
They cite a series of blunders , beginning with his effort , just months after his election , to extend the presidency term from four to six years .
He is also accused of being completely inept at handling the security issues posed by Boko Haram , a shadowy militant Islamic group that is said to favor strict Sharia law , and which is frequently blamed for the sectarian violence that is threatening the unity of the country .
" Jonathan has come across as clueless when it comes to dealing with Boko Haram " , Ogunlesi said .
" No senior security officers have lost their jobs , nothing seems to have been done . "
But it is the abrupt removal of the fuel subsidy , in what has been described as a callous New Year 's Day " gift " that proved unacceptable for many Nigerians .
There has been intense speculation in the country that the decision came suddenly because of pressure from the International Monetary Fund .
The announcement coincided with a visit to the country by IMF head Christine Lagarde weeks earlier .
" The fuel subsidy removal is the final straw .
I 've never seen such a massive loss of good will in so little time , " Ogunlesi said .
What is behind fuel protests ?
Jonathan also " outraged " Nigerians when talking about Boko Haram recently after admitting there were sympathizers of the Islamic group within his government .
" Nigerians find it outrageous to hear him say this about his government , which he had a major part in putting together " , says Nigerian political journalist Terfa Tilley-Gyado .
" People would like to know who they are and what efforts are being made to prosecute them . "
Perhaps mindful of the deposed governments in other countries across the continent ,
the president acted quickly and decisively to crush the growing resistance , deploying the military onto the streets with a mandate to use force on protesters .
Nigerians took to the streets on January 2 , prompting him to meet with union leaders who demanded a return to the petrol pump price of 65 naira ( 40 cents . )
Negotiations have gone back and forth , and the most recent price concession of 97 naira ( 60 cents ) appears to have appeased union leaders who called off nationwide strikes .
A weak -- or deliberate -- leader ?
Political opponents argue that Jonathan , a biologist with a doctorate in zoology , does not have the political mettle to do business in Nigeria 's tough-guy political arena .
Human rights lawyer and activist Femi Falana has known Jonathan for more than a decade since he was a governor of Bayelsa state .
" Jonathan is a good guy who finds it difficult to offend people " , he says .
" A lot of people around him try to take advantage of this good disposition . "
" He needs to put his foot down and make his mind up .
He 's very slow " .
" He has failed to move against the oil cartel holding the country ransom " , Falana continued .
" He does n't get tough on companies like Shell to clean up when there are massive oil spills , like Obama did with BP in the Gulf of Mexico .
Jonathan is a likable guy , but it takes more than that to govern this country " .
Last September Jonathan responded to his critics during a speech :
" I do n't need to be a lion ...
I do n't need to operate like the pharaoh of Egypt , I do n't need to be an army general ,
but I can change this country without those traits .
Those close to him describe a measured , contemplative man who likes to consult widely before making decisions .
HRH King A.J. Turner , a close adviser who has known Jonathan since their university days , told CNN , " The Jonathan I know does n't rush into making decisions and likes to involve a wide range of people and experts .
That process takes time and can appear slow , but that is his style .
Friends say one of the biggest misconceptions about Jonathan is that he is weak .
The same people calling him weak are the same ones now saying he 's a dictator .
I feel so sad when people say things about him " , Turner said .
Turner , former managing director of the Niger Delta Development Commission , says Jonathan is a loyal friend who has competitive instincts -- at least on the squash courts , a sport he plays religiously .
" He has beaten me a few times " , he adds .
He describes a man who unwinds from the stresses of the job by listening to the music of legendary Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti .
" He loves Fela 's music so much " , Turner says .
But Fela 's brash revolutionary style of music might make uncomfortable listening for Jonathan these days .
Before he died , Fela Kuti frequently clashed with the authorities , and his youngest son , Seun Kuti , was among those leading demonstrations against GEJ 's government during the uprising against fuel prices .
Even Jonathan 's wife , Patience , has seemed a liability for the president .
She has faced unproven allegations of corruption and is frequently the butt of jokes because of what others describe as her poor grasp of English .
A U.S. diplomatic cable released by WikiLeaks and reported in the Nigerian media only added to his image as a weak leader :
It stated that the First Lady " runs her own show " , and the husband has little or no control over her .
The Facebook president and the future Just as protesters have successfully used social media to organize demonstrations under the " Occupy Nigeria " moniker , Jonathan has also been adept at using Facebook to engage with Nigerian youth , who voted overwhelmingly for him .
Bridging Nigeria 's digital divide He was the first Nigerian leader to have a Facebook page and has been dubbed " the Facebook president " .
He makes frequent updates -- which appear to be written by him -- but his page is now a receptacle of the public 's anger against him , with numerous insults being posted there .
Turner says Nigerians " do n't like to support their leaders " , but need to give Jonathan time .
Nigerians should allow him time to focus on what he wants to achieve .
He has not been in power for a long time .
He has not been given any breathing space to focus on the issues " , he said .
In a January 7 speech , Jonathan said elimination of the subsidy was a tough but necessary choice for the country 's economic future .
" I am determined to leave behind a better Nigeria that we all can be proud of .
To do so , I must make sure that we have the resources and the means to grow our economy to be resilient and to sustain improved livelihood for our people . "
" We must act in the public interest , no matter how tough , for the pains of today cannot be compared to the benefits of tomorrow . "
Here 's a great trivia question for you .
What asset has appreciated more than any asset since the year 2000 ?
Answer : Farmland .
1,200% !
Food prices are skyrocketing all across the globe , and there 's no end in sight .
The United Nations says food inflation is currently at 30% a year , and the fast-eroding value of the dollar is causing food prices to appear even higher in contrast to a weakening currency .
As the dollar drops in value due to runaway money printing at the Federal Reserve , the cost to import foods from other nations looks to double in just the next two years  and possibly every two years thereafter .
That 's probably why investors around the globe are flocking to farmland as the new growth industry .
Investors are pouring into farmland in the U.S. and parts of Europe , Latin America and Africa as global food prices soar .
A fund controlled by George Soros , the billionaire hedge-fund manager , owns 23.4 percent of a South American farmland venture Adecoagro .
Commodities are still the best play for the long term
and legendary investor guru Jim Rogers confessed that he has been buying farmland himself .
People are still going to eat .
Mother Nature has taken her wrath out on the world as of late to such an extent
that farmers cannot get loans for fertilizers right now without putting their land up as collateral and with too little rain or too much rain the farmland that has been in a family for generations could be wiped away in a trick of fate .
Therefore the supplies of food are going to continue to be under pressure .
This leads me to conclude that agriculture is going to be one of the greatest industries in the next 20 years , 30 years .
That 's because demand for food is accelerating even as radical climate changes , a loss of fossil water supplies , and the failure of genetically engineered crops is actually reducing food yields around the globe .
Ceres Partners , which invests in farmland , has produced astonishing 16% annual returns since its launch in 2008 .
And this is during a depressed economy when most other industries are showing losses .
Ceres partners has investment opportunities for dairy , green house vegetable operations , beef cattle and rice plantations .
Ceres reported that most commodity exporting countries of South America are facing highly favorable conditions , particularly those with stronger fundamentals that have easiest access to external financing and stand to benefit the most from low global interest rates .
Foreign direct investment in the economies of the region increased almost 20% during 2010 compared with the same period a year ago .
The region 's economy expanded 6% in 2010 and according to ECLAC s latest report ;
South America will grow 5.1% in 2011 .
In terms of countries , the fastest growing this year will be Argentina ( 8.3% ) Peru ( 7.1% ). Uruguay ( 6.8% ) Ecuador ( 6.4% ) Chile ( 6.3% ) Paraguay ( 5.7% ) followed by Colombia ( 5.3% ) Venezuela ( 4.5% ) and Brazil ( 4% ) .
For its soils and weather conditions , abundance of natural resources , good infrastructure and the unique possibility of acquiring large extension of productive farmland ;
South America is indeed worldwide considered a top place to buy , lease and manage agricultural lands for profit .
The region accounts for 59% of global exports of oil seeds , 11% of grains and 37% of meat ;
with Argentina , Brazil , Chile and Uruguay being among the top 10 food exporters .
So this begs the question , how do my readers invest in farmland without actually buying a farm ?
While it does not invest in farmland directly , the Market Vectors Agribusiness ETF ( MOO ) is the closest thing we might come to a farmland ETF .
MOO seeks to replicate the price and yield performance of global agricultural business .
It is a modified market capitalization-weighted index consisting of publicly traded companies engaged in the agriculture business that are traded on global exchanges .
It provides exposure to companies worldwide that derive at least 50% of their revenue from agriculture business .
Another interesting agribusiness ETF is BARN .
Barn offers global exposure to the farmland industry , focusing exclusively on companies involved in agricultural products , livestock operations and the manufacturing of farming equiptment .
Before I take my leave as long as we 're talking about commodities to own I would be remiss if I did n't mention gold and silver .
I own some gold and silver and if they correct down , I hope I 'm smart enough to buy more .
The IMF is trying to sell its gold and if it does it will drive the price of gold down and that may well be the last opportunity to buy gold for a long time .
While I spent a good portion of this essay on farmland I would still encourage my readers to buy on any pullbacks physical coins and buy ETFs like GLD , Sprott Physical Gold Trust ( PHYS ) , iShares Gold Trust ETF ( IAU ) , ProShares Ultra Gold ETF ( UGL ) , SLV , Sprott Physical Silver Trust ( PSLV ) , ProShares Ultra Silver ETF ( AGQ ) or you can buy mining companies ( even though they have lagged the physical and the ETFs ) .
because I believe that people are human and would rather own the metal above the ground that they can hold rather than own great wealth beneath the ground .
A reader asked me if I feared the correction in commodity prices .
I told him that 's exactly when you 're supposed to buy .
Corrections are not to be feared but rather expected and embraced .
The Burmese government is launching psychological warfare against the Kachin Independence Army ( KIA ) by distributing false messages about the KIA to people in Kachin State , local people said .
Leaflets and posters containing government propaganda and false messages about the Kachin Independence Organization ( KIO ) and its armed-wing , the KIA , have been distributed in Myitkyina , Manmaw ( Bhamo , ) Waingmaw and Hpakant since early August , said witnesses .
The anti-KIO/A leaflets were distributed and pasted in Manmaw , the second largest city of Kachin State on August 20 , September 3 and 5 , according to residents .
A resident told the Kachin News Group , " The material was mainly distributed in Kachin communities in the downtown .
It confused some people but some knew it was the government 's false propaganda " .
In the government 's propaganda , the KIO/A was described as preventing a peace agreement and rejecting peace talks with the government .
The government also tries to create confusion by describing the KIO/A as a rebel or a terrorist group and saying on the leaflets there are internal fractions , killings and quarrelling over money among KIO/A leaders .
Brig-Gen Gun Maw , KIA 's Vice Chief of Staff explained to BBC Burmese Service on Tuesday there are no internal factions or killing at the KIO Laiza headquarters in eastern Kachin State .
Local civilians said the government psychological warfare is meant to counter the KIO 's CD distributed to people in Kachin State in August ,
which reported on the recent failure of peace negotiations between the KIO and government delegates .
The KIO/A , the largest ethnic armed group in Burma after the United Wa State Army ( UWSA , ) has gained majority support of the Kachin people because it rejected the government-controlled Border Guard Force ( BGF )
and called for restoring a genuine federal union in Burma with equal rights for majority and minority ethnic groups based on the 1947 Panglong Agreement .
An August 27 statement issued by the United Nationalities Federal Council ( UNFC , ) the ethnic armed and political alliance led by the KIO , instructed that each armed group can discuss its attitude with the military-controlled government but the discussion of a ceasefire and political issues have to be decided upon only by UNFC delegates .
The new Burmese government held its first press conference in Naypyidaw on August 12 when it accused the KIO/A of being an " insurgent " and " terrorist group . "
Psychology 's not fair !
Exactly when is something perceived as " not fair " 
AS THE bankster phenomenon has so eloquently illustrated , Homo sapiens is exquisitely sensitive to injustice .
Many people grudgingly tolerated the astronomical incomes of financial traders , and even the cosmological ones of banks ' chief executives , when they thought those salaries were earned by honest labour .
Now , so many examples to the contrary have emerged that toleration has vanished .
Surprisingly , however , the psychological underpinnings of a sense of injustice  in particular , what triggers willingness to punish an offender , even at a cost to the punisher  have not been well established .
But a recent experiment by Nichola Raihani of University College , London , and Katherine McAuliffe of Harvard , just published in Biology Letters , attempts to disentangle the matter .
Dr Raihani and Ms McAuliffe tested two competing hypotheses .
One is that the desire to punish is simple revenge for an offence .
The other is that it is related to the offence 's consequences  specifically , whether or not the offender is left better off than the victim .
Until recently , the temptation would have been to advertise for undergraduate volunteers for such a project .
Instead , Dr Raihani and Ms McAuliffe decided to follow a new fashion in psychology and recruit their human guinea pigs through a system called Mechanical Turk .
This arrangement , run by Amazon , a large internet firm , pays people registered with it ( known as Turkers ) small sums of money to do jobs for others .
That allowed the two researchers not only to gather many more volunteers ( 560 ) than would have been possible from the average student body , but also to spread the profile of those volunteers beyond the halls of academe and beyond the age of 21 .
Dr Raihani and Ms McAuliffe asked their Turkers to play a game .
In it , the volunteers were paired and given small sums of money .
One member of a pair could then take a predefined sum from the other , or not , as he chose .
After that the other could , at a certain cost to himself , impoverish his opponent to a greater degree .
The first player might receive ten cents , 30 cents or 70 cents .
The second player always received 70 cents .
The first player was then allowed to take 20 cents of the second player 's money .
Finally , the second player could reduce the first player 's total sum by 30 cents , but at a cost of ten cents to himself  in other words , he lost money too by doing so .
The crucial point of the game is that in all three cases the second player suffers the same absolute loss if the first chooses to take money from him .
The offence , in other words , is identical .
But in the first version of the game he remains ahead if he does not retaliate ( 50 cents v 30 cents , )
in the second he comes out equal ( 50 cents v 50 cents , )
and in the third he ends up behind ( 50 cents v 90 cents . )
The upshot was that in the first two cases about 15% of second players chose to retaliate if they had money taken .
This was more or less the same as the number in all three versions of the game who " retaliated " even though they did not have money taken ( a course of action allowed by the rules . )
In the third version , though , more than 40% of second players retaliated when money was taken from them  even though the outcome was still that the first player ended up ahead , with 60 cents to the second player 's 40 cents .
On the face of things , this result suggests that what really gets people 's goat is not so much having money taken , but having it taken in a way that makes the taker better off than the victim .
That will clearly bear further investigation , for example by looking at the case whether the first player begins the game better off than the second .
It is intriguing , though , that even such trivial sums of money can provoke thoughts of revenge .
In light of this , the fate awaiting those astronomically paid bankers could be a particularly nasty one .
Chollywood Behind the scenes of China 's booming film industry By MITCH MOXLEY
Some people toil for years to break into the movie business .
In China , it took me five hours .
One evening a few months ago , I read an online ad for foreign extras needed to play journalists , police officers , FBI agents , and military personnel in a Chinese film .
At 7:30 p.m. , I sent an e-mail with a photo and bio , listing my only acting experience :
a humiliating turn as a token white guy in a low-budget Chinese music video .
Later that night , my phone rang .
A woman I 'll call Cathy told me in an exasperated tone that she was a casting agent urgently looking for foreigners for a shoot the next morning .
" Do you consider yourself fat ? "
she asked . " Do you think you could play a police officer ? "
I explained that I was not very fat but I would do my best to play a police officer .
" Can you come at six ? " she said .
I looked at my watch .
It was 12:30 a.m. already .
I 'd get less than five hours ' sleep .
" I 'll do it . "
The movie business is booming in China , and I wanted an inside look .
Last year 's box-office earnings topped $ 1.5 billion , a 64 percent increase from 2009 , making China 's movie market on target to be the world 's second-largest by 2015 .
Sometimes dubbed " Chollywood " , China 's movie industry pumped out 526 films in 2010 ( versus 754 in the U.S. ) , and the government has announced plans to more than double the size of the entertainment industries , including movies and television , over the next five years .
Hollywood has noticed .
Chinese-U.S. co-productions are on the rise , and Christian Bale , Kevin Spacey , and Keanu Reeves are among the stars who have sought projects here .
So eager are American studios to crack the Chinese market that MGM recently edited Chinese villains out of the remake of Red Dawn , replacing them with North Koreans .
Studios can 't afford to offend the officials who decide which 20-odd foreign films are allowed to play each year on Chinese screens , whose number grows by four a day .
The morning after Cathy 's call , I met up with more than a dozen foreign extras in the lobby of a Beijing hotel .
Cathy , a short Chinese woman with a knit cap sitting crookedly on her head , immediately deemed me not fat enough to play the cop , a role she assigned to a beefy Bulgarian dozing on a nearby couch .
I was made an FBI agent .
We piled into a minibus , and Cathy filled me in on the movie .
Called Qian Xuesen , it was based on the true story of a Chinese rocket scientist of that name .
In the 1950s , after helping to build up the American missile and space programs , Qian was accused of being a Communist spy and forced back to China , where he started the country 's own rocket program .
The film 's budget , Cathy said , was 60 million yuan  about $ 9.3 million .
We drove to a run-down hotel on the city outskirts for hair and makeup .
A stylist shaped my hair into a retro look :
shorn to the width of a nickel on the sides , parted far to the side on top .
( My protests went unheeded ;
the next day , a friend described my hairdo as sort of " Hitler youth " . 
The set , in a former factory , was made to look like a 1950s FBI office , complete with dated newspapers , ashtrays , and file folders marked CONFIDENTIAL .
It was freezing .
The crew wore bulky winter coats and warmed their hands with their breath .
People scurried about , placing " FBI agents " and " military officers " behind desks , in offices , and around a big table in the middle covered with stacks of documents .
On set were an actor from the TV series Lost and several American crew members .
Cathy cared a great deal about this .
" Shut up  "
she hissed , grabbing my arm as I chatted with a fellow extra .
" They 're from Hollywood . "
Outfitted for my role in a boxy gray suit , I walked from desk to desk , pretending to talk to fellow agents .
I was then instructed to remove a book from the center table , where a group of " scientists " were looking for evidence of Qian 's betrayals .
After a few takes , a Chinese crew member inserted a mic inside my collar and told me to " say something " to the scientist when I picked up the book  one precious , unscripted , mumbled line .
Over the next half-dozen takes , I tried several variations of the line " I need to take this book for a minute " .
I nailed it .
Unfortunately , my line didn 't bump me up a pay grade .
Cathy paid me the standard 500 yuan ( $ 77 , ) and a few hours later , I crammed into the minibus heading back downtown , fantasies of Chollywood stardom floating in my head .
The rebel commander , his face hidden behind a dark turban , leads the way over the soft sand , scorched black in places by exploded mortar shells and littered with detritus from a series of battles waged here , on a children 's soccer field .
With nearly every stride , our feet crunch spent rifle cartridges .
" Step in my steps " , he cautions , noting that the Niger army had mined the area , where there had been a school for Tuareg .
His men removed some of the devices ;
others remained lost in the shifting sands .
" Maybe they are buried too deep to explode if you step on one . "
It is late afternoon in the dry season , and the temperature has finally slipped below 100F .
The beige dunes stretching to the north begin to take on a pink hue , and the shadows from the steep ridges to the southwest are spreading across the valley floor .
In this lonely valley called Tazerzat , where the Ar Massif meets the great sand seas of the Sahara , the commander 's men had won the greatest victory of their two-year rebellion against the Niger government .
The rebels , all ethnic Tuareg , descend from the fierce nomads who for several centuries dominated the lucrative caravan trade in gold , spices , and slaves that crisscrossed this desolate region of North Africa .
Fighting under the banner of the Movement of Nigeriens for Justice ( MNJ ) and supported in part by Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi ,
they had captured 72 government soldiers at Tazerzat and renewed their demands that the government share revenue derived from another source of treasure : uranium mined on Tuareg lands .
In a show of goodwill the Tuareg released all of their prisoners  except one .
" He is a war criminal " , the commander says .
As we walk , the commander explains that local Tuareg built the school at Tazerzat because it is near a well central to the region 's far-flung grazing areas , allowing families to visit their children as they moved their herds .
Previously , locals who wanted their children educated had to send them to far villages and rarely saw them .
" My father only knew how to live in the desert " , the commander says .
" He knew how to make the salt caravan to Bilma , how to find grazing in the desert , how to hunt antelope in the canyons and wild sheep in the mountains .
And that is what I know , but the life of the desert is ending .
Our children need school . "
We reach the top of a small bluff where three mud-brick classrooms stand , their walls gouged with bullet holes , their roofs missing .
The chalkboards are covered with graffiti left by the Nigerien soldiers  French profanities and cartoons depicting Tuareg having sex with animals .
Four rebels with Kalashnikovs slung over their shoulders have brought the alleged war criminal down from the mountain cave where they are holding him .
His posture is slumped , like a sulking teen , and he crosses and uncrosses his arms , eyes darting among the men .
The sleeves of his camouflage shirt are cut off and his combat boots are untied .
He claims to be 27 years old , but his round face and awkward manner make him look much younger .
It is growing late , and the rebels are edgy about lingering in this exposed position .
The Niger army had countered its defeat on the ground by acquiring helicopters , and the rebels had recently been surprised by an assault from the air that killed several men , including one of their leaders .
The men squint toward the horizon , and periodically everyone goes silent to listen for the sounds of blades beating the air .
" They buy helicopters to fight us , but they will not build schools or wells for us " , the commander says , as he leads the way to the edge of the school grounds .
The prisoner trails behind , his head bowed , bootlaces skipping along the ground .
The commander stops at a place where stones set in the soft sand mark out three graves .
" Three old men are buried here " , the commander says .
" When the army attacked " , he points to one of the graves , " this man , who was blind , refused to flee . "
He motions to the other graves .
" These two refused to leave him . "
He describes how the soldiers accused the old men of helping set land mines .
" That night they tortured them behind the classrooms .
We were hiding in the mountains , just there " , he says , gesturing to a ridgeline above us .
" We could hear the old men screaming . "
He spoke quietly .
" This one " , he points to the grave in the center , " is my father . "
To reach this remote corner of the world 's largest desert requires traversing a vast primordial landscape  a place defined by salt pans that take the better part of a day to cross , dune fields that rise and fall like violent seas , and mammoth outcroppings of glassy marble and obsidian that breach the sand like extinct sea creatures .
Countless generations of Tuareg warriors ruled this realm , demanding tribute from merchants plying the caravan routes and raiding sedentary tribes along the Niger River for animals and slaves .
Guided by the proverb " Kiss the hand you cannot sever " , the Tuareg gained a reputation for brutality and treachery , often robbing the very caravans they were hired to protect and launching surprise attacks on their allies .
At the turn of the 20th century , the Tuareg were the last of the West African peoples to be pacified by the French , and their lands were absorbed into parts of Niger , Mali , Algeria , and Libya .
Those governments generally ignored their fractious Tuareg minorities , leaving them to wander the desert with their flocks of camels and goats .
But in recent decades , as less and less rain fell during the wet seasons , Tuareg families struggled to sustain sizable herds .
" Animals are everything to a Tuareg " , an elderly nomad once explained to me .
" We drink their milk , we eat their meat , we use their skin , we trade them .
When the animals die , the Tuareg dies . "
With their herds declining , many Tuareg in Niger began asking why the government was n't sharing the wealth derived from the rich uranium deposits that for decades have been mined from their grazing lands .
During the 1990s a Tuareg militia , many of its members trained and armed by Qaddafi , fought the Niger army over the issue .
A peace accord was signed , but little changed .
In 2007 the government was negotiating contracts with France projected to make Niger the world 's second largest uranium producer .
More deals allowed foreign companies to explore the desert for other resources .
With the nation mired in poverty and the government refusing to make meaningful investments in Tuareg-dominated areas , the nomads rebelled again .
Meanwhile , drug smugglers and a North African offshoot of al Qaeda established themselves in the region , and the Niger government accused the Tuareg of being involved with them .
The rebels make camp for the night in a dune field a few miles from the school , hiding their battered pickups under the low canopies of acacia trees .
Several men wash their hands and faces with water from teakettles and kneel toward Mecca for evening prayers .
Then they gather in clusters of six or seven , each group taking shelter behind a small dune and kindling a meager fire .
A few of the rebels wait for full darkness to unwind their turbans .
By tradition Tuareg men cover their faces , though the women do not .
The layers of cloth not only protect from the harsh sun and wind but also conceal their emotions .
Like mummies coming back from the dead , their animated faces emerge in the firelight , revealing downy wisps of beard and boyish grins .
Some of their cheeks are stained with indigo dye from their turbans , an age-old mark of the Tuareg that led early visitors to dub them the " blue men " .
The rebels ' medic invites me to join his group .
They tease each other and light cigarettes as they boil macaroni and brew tea .
Many appear barely old enough to have undergone the traditional postadolescent ceremony in which their uncles pronounce them ready for manhood and twist the first turban around their heads .
By the fire I notice that the medic and another man bear the common ethnic features of the African interior  dark brown skin , kinky hair , and broad noses .
Two men have olive complexions , smooth black hair , and sharp Mediterranean noses .
The other three are a mixture of all the traits .
Regardless of skin color , a surprising number have topaz blue eyes .
This genetic grab bag suggests one of the riddles of the Tuareg , who have always considered themselves a people apart yet for centuries took slaves from other desert tribes and intermarried with them .
The result is an ethnic group distinguished primarily by its common language , Tamashek , which is related to Berber tongues spoken in Algeria and Morocco .
We huddle around a communal bowl , sharing spoons to dip out mouthfuls of salty macaroni seasoned with desert herbs .
The men eat hungrily but are careful to take only their portion .
Between bites , the medic tells me he was a doctor 's assistant before the rebellion .
His left eye , a blank , milky orb , is a casualty of his very first battle .
Next to him sits the group 's thick-shouldered machine gunner , who mans a 50 caliber with a rusting barrel .
He says he left engineering classes at a university in Nigeria to join the rebels .
" I could not study while my Tuareg brothers were fighting " , he tells me .
Hama , a lanky youth , has never gone to school .
He grew up in an Ar village , making the annual camel caravan with his father .
He points to the brightest stars and describes how to use them to navigate to the Bilma oasis in the eastern desert , where they would trade onions and garlic for salt .
" Thirty days by foot " , he says , noting that the first time , he made the trip barefoot .
I ask who is the youngest , and the medic points to a painfully shy boy named Bachir .
Almost whispering , Bachir says he thinks he is about 17 but is n't sure .
He was tending his family 's animals in the mountains when a rebel convoy drove by , and he asked to join them .
" He is good luck " , one of the men says .
After gentle prodding , Bachir recounts how he was riding in the back of a pickup when it struck a mine .
Two men died instantly , eight suffered serious wounds , but Bachir was hurled a hundred feet away into the top of an acacia tree .
" It felt like I went to sleep and woke up in the branches , and everything was silent " , he says quietly .
The rebels were searching for his body among the smoking wreckage when he walked up .
" He was n't even scratched by the branches " , the medic says , his good eye widening .
" Allah has his hand on that one . " The other men click their tongues , using the Tuareg shorthand for agreement .
I ask Bachir what he will do after the rebellion , and he replies that he would like to be a soldier .
" In the Niger army ? "
I ask .
At the end of the last Tuareg rebellion in 1995 , many former rebels were brought into the Niger military as part of the peace settlement .
" You would join the people who have killed your friends and nearly killed you ? "
He shrugs :
" I think it would be a good job . "
Some of the others click their tongues .
Soon after dinner the prisoner is brought to me , and we are allowed to talk privately .
He is a Fulani , one of the ethnic groups that the Tuareg once raided for slaves .
He says he is Abdul Aziz , a lieutenant in the Niger army .
He admits to shooting one of the old men in the leg .
" It was wrong of me to do this " , he says .
His superiors were angry that two of their vehicles had struck mines laid by the rebels , killing and wounding several men .
To evacuate the injured , the army would have to pass through the rebel minefield again , and they were convinced that the old men knew where the explosives were laid .
" The officers asked the old men to talk , but two of them refused .
The one who was shot was talking , but he was n't giving good information .
It was getting to be night . That 's when I left " , the prisoner says .
" I will swear on the Koran that I did not kill any of them . "
After he and the other soldiers were captured , his superiors made him the scapegoat , he says .
His Tuareg captors had never beaten him and had allowed him to receive a letter from his parents via the Red Cross at the end of Ramadan .
" All of us are Nigeriens " , he says .
" It is only Satan who creates a problem between people . "
As the night deepens , the older rebels gather at the commander 's fire , where the flames have dwindled to coals .
The men stretch out on quilts and pass around cigarettes and small glasses of hot sugared tea .
The air is cool and sweet , and the dunes glow under the oval moon .
One man produces a guitar . The lowest bass string was broken and replaced with a motorcycle brake cable , giving certain chords a resonant buzz .
" Do you know Tinariwen ? "
the guitar player asks , referring to a Tuareg band whose founders had trained together in Libyan military camps during the 1980s .
He begins to play one of their songs .
" It is about the Tuareg struggle " , another rebel says .
A few at the fire had trained in the Libyan camps .
As teenagers they had heard radio broadcasts of Qaddafi sympathizing with the plight of the Tuareg and exhorting them to come to Libya , where he would help them fight for their rights .
But soon after joining one of his training camps , they realized the Libyan dictator was using them .
Some were sent to fight in Lebanon ;
others saw action when Libya invaded Chad .
" We also used Qaddafi " , one rebel says , noting that Tuareg from Mali and Niger had smuggled weapons from the camps to fight their governments at home .
In recent years Qaddafi sent millions in economic aid to leaders in Mali and Niger while funneling support to Tuareg groups fighting against them .
" Our leader is in Tripoli now " , the commander says , referring to Aghali Alambo , the MNJ 's president .
I ask the commander about the Niger government 's charges that the rebels are an ally of al Qaeda and involved in drug smuggling .
He motions at his bedraggled platoon .
" Do we look like rich smugglers  "
The other men click their tongues .
The singing continues , more glasses of tea are poured , and stories are told .
One rebel quietly confides that the men are suspicious of their leader , Alambo .
" There are rumors he has a villa in Tripoli " , the man says .
" We have strong vehicles and many weapons .
We want to fight , but when we make a plan to attack , Alambo always says no .
No one understands what he is waiting for . "
The next day I am to travel farther into the mountains to join another group of Tuareg rebels .
" You will see " , the man says .
" The Tuareg there will say bad things about us  that we are not fighting , that we will betray them , that our leaders are corrupt . "
He sighs .
" There is always disagreement among the Tuareg . It is our curse . "
Several weeks after I left the Ar , the commander released the prisoner .
In the ensuing months the rebels and the government announced a cease-fire , and not long afterward the Niger army overthrew the country 's strongman president , Mamadou Tandja , and held free elections .
Last February , with democracy protests mounting in Tripoli , Qaddafi sent recruiters to Niger and Mali with offers , reportedly as high as a thousand dollars a day , to any Tuareg who would come fight for his regime in Libya .
Tuareg sources in Niger say that some former members of the MNJ have taken the offer .
Upon hearing this news , I recalled one of my last conversations with the rebel commander .
He had driven me to a place in the desert where I would depart from his territory .
He gave me some dried sheep 's cheese and said he wanted to send me with the message that if the world wanted to stop the growing threats of al Qaeda and drug smuggling in the Sahara , they needed to enlist the Tuareg .
" The desert has no secrets from the Tuareg " , he said , repeating a favorite local aphorism .
" We know how to fight here better than anyone . "
Yes , I said , but given the Tuareg history of betrayal and infighting , could the West trust them ?
He answered with a click of his tongue .
I could n't gauge his expression because his face was completely obscured by his turban .
Study Finds That Injecting Old Mice With Young Mouse Blood Has a Rejuvenating Effect
Researchers at Stanford University just published a study in Nature that may give new hope to those looking to stop the effects of aging on the brain .
The study found that when blood from a young mouse was injected into an older mouse , that older mouse enjoyed what could almost be termed a " rejuvenation effect " :
it began producing more neurons , firing more activity across synapses , and even suffered less inflammation .
Interestingly , performing the reverse , in which a young mouse was injected with blood ( or , more accurately , plasma , which is the parts of blood without blood cells ) , resulted in young mice with distinctly elderly attributes -- increased inflammation , a reduction in the production of new neurons , that kind of thing .
The researchers used plasma because blood cells are actually too large to travel through the blood-brain barrier into the brain .
But certain chemokines , small proteins secreted by cells , are indeed small enough to pass through , and the team actually isolated several that could be causing this effect .
It 's a pretty fascinating study ,
as nobody had ever really believed that the degeneration of the brain with age could have been due to blood from elsewhere in the body , rather than merely a natural slowdown in the production of new neurons .
The lack of new neurons can cause things like forgetfulness , specifically in spatial memory
-- forgetting where their car is parked , that kind of thing --
so the ability to halt or reverse that process could mean amazing things for older people .
It may not make you live longer , but it 's still a pretty amazing discovery .
Black gold on the black market
Stolen petroleum is a growing source of income for Mexico's bandits DRUGS , extortion , kidnapping , people-smuggling :
Mexico's organised-crime multinationals have a keen eye for diversification .
A growing sideline is stolen oil .
In 2011 outlaws made off with 3.35m barrels of fuel belonging to Pemex , the state-run oil monopoly , up from 2.16m in 2010 .
The thefts are reckoned to deprive the company of more than $ 1billion per year .
Pemex's profits pay for a third of the federal government's budget .
Stealing the fuel , which includes gas condensate and refined oil as well as crude , is not hard .
Some goes missing from lorries that are held up in lonely stretches of desert .
More is siphoned out of lengthy exposed pipelines .
Tapping the high-pressure pipes is dangerous :
in 2010 a suspected attempt to puncture one produced an explosion that caused 28 deaths .
Despite such accidents , ever more people are taking the risk .
Last year Pemex detected 1,324 taps , over twice as many as in 2010 .
The increase was partly down to better detection , the firm says .
But robbers are getting more sophisticated , sometimes pumping water back into the pipes to fool pressure sensors .
Pemex concedes that some sites have been " taken over , practically , by bands of organised criminals . "
Compared with Nigeria , the world capital of oil theft , Mexico has much greater refining capacity .
Refined oil can be hawked on roadsides to motorists , a practice that is illegal but common .
Crude oil and natural-gas condensate are harder to get rid of .
Some can be sold for industrial processes , such as brickmaking .
But the stolen product cannot be palmed off on Mexican refineries , because they are all run by Pemex .
The solution is to smuggle it to the United States to be refined there .
Forged documents get the fuel across the border in rented tankers , often disguised as a different chemical .
Once through customs it goes to unsuspecting or unscrupulous buyers .
Solvents are sent the other way , to dilute refined oil that is to be sold in Mexico .
Pemex is using the American courts to crack down .
In 2011 the former head of a Texas oil firm was convicted of selling stolen condensate .
Another case accuses 12 oil and gas companies of dealing in pilfered fuel .
In a court document Pemex says :
" In a reversal of the classic Western movie , Mexican criminals have sought refuge with their ill-gotten gains by crossing the Rio Grande to the north , where the Mexican government has no authority to follow " .
Some defendants have been charged with dealing knowingly in stolen fuel .
Others , such as Shell and ConocoPhillips , are accused of unwittingly handling the contraband .
Both firms decline to comment .
However , to stamp out oil theft , Pemex will have to be as aggressive inside Mexico as abroad .
The company has hired more security staff , invested in monitoring technology and won stiffer penalties for robbers .
It has also recruited the army to scramble its helicopters to investigate pressure losses .
But that leaves much to be done .
Over the past decade Pemex has loosened its regulations on who may transport its fuels , and its oversight of sales at petrol stations .
Reversing that would make it easier to spot where oil is being lost .
A tougher measure would be purging its staff .
In the decade to 2011 , over 100 Pemex workers and subcontractors were tied to oil theft .
In 2010 the army seized four tonnes of marijuana at a Pemex plant .
However , the Pemex workers ' union is one of Mexico's strongest .
And with no competitors , the monopoly's managers have little reason to pick a risky political fight .
SQUINTING through dark sunglasses at row after row of neatly lined headstones , Terry Marotta - Lopriore drove slowly through Gate of Heaven Cemetery .
Holding the steering wheel with one hand and a bouquet of flowers with the other , she pulled to the curb ,
glanced at several notes scribbled inside a folder and walked to Section 17 , Plot No . 26 , Grave No . 6 .
There , she came upon a pinkish headstone , bathed in bright sunshine , that belonged to Cristy Akyildiz . Chiseled inside a giant heart were the words " Angel of God , Cristy , October 25 , 2001 " .
" Poor little girl " , Mrs . Marotta - Lopriore said before kneeling and gently laying the flowers on the grave .
Mrs . Marotta - Lopriore is not a relative or a family friend .
In fact , she had not known the girl .
A paralegal and married mother of three trying to earn extra money in a tough economy , Mrs . Marotta - Lopriore , 57 , embarked last month on a new career :
cemetery visitor for hire .
Advertising in a local newspaper and in fliers she distributed in surrounding towns , she offered her services :
" Continue your signs of love and respect for your loved ones who have passed .
If you are unable to visit your loved ones for whatever reason , I can help .
Whether you need flowers delivered , prayers said or just a status on the condition of the site , I will visit any Westchester or Putnam County cemetery on your behalf .
Proof of my visit will be either e-mailed or sent to you through the mail " .
After laying the flowers on Cristy's grave , Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore pulled a digital camera from a pocket of her blue jeans and began taking pictures to send to Cristy's mother , Carmela Akyildiz , who saw the flier in a supermarket in Harrison , where she lives .
" I had never heard of anyone doing anything like this , and I just thought it was a great idea " , said Ms. Akyildiz , who was five months pregnant when Cristy was stillborn .
" Though I do go to the cemetery to see my daughter , I'm often busy with work and my two other children and I can't always get there " .
Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore , who lives in Hastings-on-Hudson and charges $ 25 to visit a Westchester cemetery and $ 35 for the longer trips to Putnam County , said ,
" Some people might look at visiting cemeteries as creepy or morbid , but those are people who are capable of visiting their loved ones " .
" But what about the people who are too old or too busy to go and pay their respects " ?
she asked  " What about the people who have moved out of state " ?
Some religious-based services for the dead do exist .
A small percentage of observant Jews in the United States partake in pre-burial rituals that include washing and clothing the bodies ,
and some Jewish volunteer groups keep constant vigil beside the deceased until burial .
Also , Catholic priests say Mass for the dead .
But Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore may be the first to have tapped into this particular niche market .
On Tuesday , after leaving the flowers for Cristy , she opened a folder revealing printed e-mails from five prospective clients , including a man from Katonah , N.Y. , who wrote :
" Hi Terry , my mother is buried in Gate of Heaven Cemetery and my father currently visits frequently to water the flowers .
He is going to be going back to Italy for several months and is concerned about her plot .
I came across your ad and was wondering if watering the flowers is something you do .
If you are interested , please call or e-mail me " .
Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore , who grew up in the Bronx 
" I was a Roman Catholic girl , but now I don't have any religion " , she said 
also earns extra money by performing " energy readings " , in which she briefly gets to know clients and then passes along messages from loved ones who have died .
Each reading , which costs $ 50 per half-hour , is conducted in the Hastings-on-Hudson office of her husband , Dominick Lopriore , a real estate broker .
" I'm an energist , not a psychic " , Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore said . " ' Psychic ' is a carnival term " .
As a child , Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore said , she had already forged a special connection with the departed .
" When I was 3 years old , I had a playmate who always wore this beautiful white dress " , she said .
No one else ever saw the friend , though .
" I kept telling my mother about her , and rather than just ignore me , my mother took it seriously ,
and she had me look through family photo albums to see if I could find my playmate .
Well , I found a picture of her .
It was an aunt of mine who died of kidney disease when she was 25 .
She was buried in her wedding dress " .
That was before Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore was born .
Two years ago , Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore was walking through Gate of Heaven Cemetery when she began to hear what she first thought were a kitten's cries .
" I followed the sounds of those cries right to the grave of a little boy who was born in 1965 , and died the same year " ,
she recalled . " I placed flowers on his grave and prayed for him , and eventually , he stopped crying " .
Mrs. Marotta - Lopriore credits her father with the idea for her new venture .
" I was visiting him last month and he told me , ' Terry , you're always at the cemetery ;
why don't you make a little money from all of this ? ' "
Her father , Carmine Marotta , died six and a half years ago .
Yao Ming Retiring ?
Chinese Fans Hope Not Yet
By Jaime FlorCruz and Haolan Hong , CNN July 9 , 2011 -- China Beijing ( CNN ) --
Yao Ming fans in China reacted with shock and disbelief when they learned from U.S. media reports Friday night that their basketball idol has decided to retire .
Fans took to the Internet Friday to express their feelings about the basketball star , who plays with the Houston Rockets in the NBA .
" I did not expect his retirement to come so soon " !
said a Netizen called Yilubaijiahei in a Sina Weibo microblog .
Another person who went by the name Tuzitouda in another tweet wrote :
" I feel a little bit of sadness .
If Big Yao retires , it is not only the end of an era , but also the end of my NBA-syndrome including those seasons when Yao played with the Rockets " .
Major news portals in China put the news on their front pages .
" The U.S. media say Yao has formally decided to retire , Chinese superstar says goodbye to NBA " , reads the headline of Tencent Sports .
But Sina Sports , a section of Sina.com , one of China's biggest web portals , says its reporter reached Zhang Mingji soon after hearing the media reports .
Zhang , who is one of Yao's agents , said Yao did not announce his retirement and did not inform the NBA and the Houston Rockets that he was doing so , as reported by the U.S. media .
Yao's agent told CNN that he is giving a news conference in Shanghai on July 20 to talk about " his future career plans " .
Chinese sports writers and fans believe that Yao's retirement , of course , will happen sooner or later , although they hope it will be later .
They hope the superstar could still play not only in the NBA but for the Chinese national team in the London Olympics next year .
The Shanghai native , who stands at 7-feet , 6-inches , was the NBA's top overall draft in 2002 , when he was signed by Houston Rockets .
He is one of the most successful overseas player in the league .
Voted an All-Star player eight times , Yao has chalked up a career average of 19 points , 9.2 rebounds and 1.9 blocks .
His field-goal percentage was 52.4 .
In recent years , however , he struggled with foot and ankle injuries .
He missed the 2009-2010 season .
After playing only five games , he missed that last season , when he suffered a stress fracture on his left ankle .
Yao has been undergoing treatment and training in recent months , but doubts about whether he could make a comeback persists .
When asked about his future prospects , Yao himself was reticent .
In an interview with a CCTV sportscaster last month , Yao said :
" I don't know if I would join some champion team in the future .
I don't even know if I can play again " .
Yao revealed that his left ankle injury was far from healed .
" Walking or jogging is okay ..
but I need to get 80 percent of my strength back to play .
I have got only 30 percent at most now " .
Last month , Yao brought his one-year-old daughter Amy to China for the first time since her birth in the United States .
Yao said Amy is one incentive for him to return to the NBA .
Yao told CCTV :
" I wish she could watch me play and even win a championship , not only see through video highlights how her dad played before .
She is definitely a big motivation for me to continue my role as a player , although my foot still needs a lot of treatment to meet the demands of the game " .
The 30-year-old Yao sounded mellow about this future in NBA .
" A championship ring has become not so important in my plans " , he said in the interview .
" My main thought for the next 10 years is to look after my family and continue my community activities " .
The basketball superstar has set up the Yao Ming Foundation which he uses to attract donations and raise funds for charity , including building schools and supporting education .
He has also joined campaigns to curb environmental degradation and promote animal rights ,
including multi-media campaign to curb consumption of shark's fins , which are considered a gourmet delicacy in China and Asia .
If Yao retires , he would leave behind giant footprints in world of basketball and business .
He helped expand the popularity of sports globally and specially in China .
Yao is the icon of China's basketball .
He was the pillar of the national men's team for many years , playing in world championships and the Olympics .
He is also China's goodwill ambassador , the most recognizable face of China overseas .
Thanks to Yao , the NBA has been successful in China .
NBA games are televised in many TV and cable channels through the season .
NBA stars have a big following in the mainland .
Some like Jason Kidd and Shane Battier , like Yao , make a lot of money here from endorsing basketball sneakers and sports apparels produced by local companies , like Li Ning and PEAK .
Yao Ming currently endorses Chinese brands such as China Unicom CDMA and China Life Insurance , as well as global brands such as Pepsi , Gatorade sports drinks , Visa , McDonald's and Apple computers .
French supercarmaker Bugatti in collaboration with Knigliche Porzellan-Manufaktur has released unique version of Bugatti Veyron  Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport L'Or Blanc .
It's the world's first vehicle with porcelain elements in exterior and interior design .
" At first , it seems to be an unusual idea to use porcelain in a car , especially in the world's fastest convertible " ,
comments Dr. Stefan Brungs , Director of Sales and Marketing at Bugatti Automobiles .
" But this is what Bugatti stands for :
the realization of exceptional ideas whilst striving for the utmost in quality and aesthetics .
This allows us to continue Ettore Bugatti's heritage , who himself loved to experiment with new materials " .
Porcelain is used in seven locations on the L'Or Blanc , including the wheel centers , fuel and oil filler caps , and the large " EB " badge on the back .
Five places inside the cabin are rendered in porcelain as well :
the center-console surround ; signed trim plates on each side of the center console ;
the removable , diamond-polished dish atop the center console ;
and a relief between the seatbacks depicting an elephant standing on its hind legs .
According to Bugatti , that elephant was the inspiration for the partnership between Bugatti and KPM .
This gorgeous , elaborately hand-painted blue-and-white Bugatti is still available for purchase for 1.65million .
America's debt Shame on them
The Republicans are playing a cynical political game with hugely high economic stakes
IN THREE weeks , if there is no political deal , the American government will go into default .
Not , one must pray , on its sovereign debt .
But the country will have to stop paying someone :
perhaps pensioners , or government suppliers , or soldiers .
That would be damaging enough at a time of economic fragility .
And the longer such a default went on , the greater the risk of provoking a genuine bond crisis would become .
There is no good economic reason why this should be happening .
America's net indebtedness is a perfectly affordable 65% of GDP ,
and throughout the past three years of recession and tepid recovery investors have been more than happy to go on lending to the federal government .
The current problems , rather , are political .
Under America's elaborate separation of powers , Congress must authorise any extension of the debt ceiling , which now stands at $ 14.3trillion .
Back in May the government bumped up against that limit , but various accounting dodges have been used to keep funds flowing .
It is now reckoned that these wheezes will be exhausted by August 2nd .
The House of Representatives , under Republican control as a result of last November's mid-term elections , has balked at passing the necessary bill .
That is perfectly reasonable :
until recently the Republicans had been exercising their clear electoral mandate to hold the government of Barack Obama to account ,
insisting that they will not permit a higher debt ceiling until agreement is reached on wrenching cuts to public spending .
Until they started to play hardball in this way , Mr Obama had been deplorably insouciant about the medium-term picture , repeatedly failing in his budgets and his state-of-the-union speeches to offer any path to a sustainable deficit .
Under heavy Republican pressure , he has been forced to rethink .
Now , however , the Republicans are pushing things too far .
Talks with the administration ground to a halt last month , despite an offer from the Democrats to cut at least $ 2trillion and possibly much more out of the budget over the next ten years .
Assuming that the recovery continues , that would be enough to get the deficit back to a prudent level .
As The Economist went to press , Mr Obama seemed set to restart the talks .
The sticking-point is not on the spending side .
It is because the vast majority of Republicans , driven on by the wilder-eyed members of their party and the cacophony of conservative media , are clinging to the position that not a single cent of deficit reduction must come from a higher tax take .
This is economically illiterate and disgracefully cynical .
A gamble where you bet your country's good name This newspaper has a strong dislike of big government ;
we have long argued that the main way to right America's finances is through spending cuts .
But you cannot get there without any tax rises .
In Britain , for instance , the coalition government aims to tame its deficit with a 3 : 1 ratio of cuts to hikes .
America's tax take is at its lowest level for decades :
even Ronald Reagan raised taxes when he needed to do so .
And the closer you look , the more unprincipled the Republicans look .
Earlier this year House Republicans produced a report noting that an 85% -15% split between spending cuts and tax rises was the average for successful fiscal consolidations , according to historical evidence .
The White House is offering an 83% -17% split ( hardly a huge distance ) and a promise that none of the revenue increase will come from higher marginal rates , only from eliminating loopholes .
If the Republicans were real tax reformers , they would seize this offer .
Both parties have in recent months been guilty of fiscal recklessness .
Right now , though , the blame falls clearly on the Republicans .
Independent voters should take note .
For those of us based in the United Kingdom , the major defence event of the last 12 months has been the Strategic Defence and Security Review ( SDSR ) and its impact on capabilities and equipment programmes .
Despite the reaffirmation of the importance of C4ISR in the UK's military capability there were reductions in that capability , most notably in the loss of maritime surveillance through the cancellation of the Nimrod MR.4A programme .
Although a difficult decision , an unemotional analysis of the figures leads to the conclusion that the decision was probably inevitable and correct .
The gap in capability is going to be harder to fill , and the prospect leaves one with the " if only " thought of what else might have been acquired for the task for the reputed GBP 4billion that the Nimrod programme cost , and probably with some change to spend elsewhere , if the cancellation decision had been taken years ago .
Far more inexplicable is the decision to withdraw the Sentinel R.1 Airborne STand Off Radar ( ASTOR ) from service when it is ' no longer required to support operations in Afghanistan . '
That statement in itself is slightly weasel
- worded as even when major UK combat formations are withdrawn , the UK seems likely to maintain a supporting presence there in a training and mentoring role for Afghan forces for some considerable time ( presumably as part of a coalition operation )
and the surveillance capability Sentinel offers would continue to be of enormous value .
But even if you take the SDSR statement at face value it still seems extraordinary .
Sentinel and its accompanying ground station and analysts provides a Synthetic Aperture Radar ( SAR ) and Moving Target Indicator ( MTI ) capability that has proved enormously valuable in Afghanistan ,
particularly being used to cue other ISR assets such as UAVs .
The Sentinel aircraft first started flying operational missions over Afghanistan in 2008 as an " operational demonstration , " just before the official in service declaration .
Two aircraft and the supporting ground infrastructure have been deployed in theatre since 2009 ,
and a further two were deployed to support operations in Libya in early 2011 .
Shortly before this editorial was written there were reports that , such was the demand for the system , aircraft were being tasked to support one or other theatre almost on a daily basis and that this tempo was unsustainable .
And the official declaration of Full Operational Capability is not due until late 2011 .
Against this background the decision to scrap the whole lot seems perverse , although its demonstrated value might lead to a rethink .
The prolonged discussions over the Command and Control ( C2 ) arrangements for the Libyan operation and the transfer of that responsibility to NATO is an indication of the importance of the impending introduction of the Alliance's new Air Command and Control System ( ACCS . )
It will replace existing air C2 systems in Europe , with all NATO member countries using the same systems of hardware and software and sharing operational data over a high-speed communications network .
Software validation and qualification has continued since the decision to proceed with replication at sites across NATO , and evidence of progress has been forthcoming in the shape of the award of contracts in 2010 to Selex Sistemi by ACSI , the prime contractor , for the integration of sensors and the installation of operator positions .
Top 10 Awesome Vending Machines
When you think of vending machines you think of a packet of crisps or a cool drink , but many vending machine owners have taken these handy on the go machines to the extreme .
1 . Live Crab Anyone ?
In a China subway station you will find the strangest vending machine offering live crab along with vinegar enabling commuters to enjoy seafood on the go .
The interesting fact about this machine is that it is selling over two hundred live crabs each day .
2 . Need to Hire a Bicycle ?
If you're in the Netherlands and want to hire a bicycle for a day , then you can head to bicycle vending machines .
These vending machines were introduced in 2005 enabling people to rent a bicycle at anytime from anywhere ,
all you have to do when you are finished is return the bicycle to the nearest bicycle vending machine .
The bicycles do have chips , so they can be tracked , a handy feature if you forget where you left it .
3 . Gold on the Go
When staying at a hotel in Abu Dhabi , it's an inconvenience to go down to the bank to buy your gold bars and coins .
Here you can get them out of a vending machine .
The machine offers up to date gold prices for the user's convenience .
4 . Feeling a Little Angry ?
Had a frustrating day at work or an argument with a loved one and need to vent some of that anger ?
You can now head to the nearest anger release vending machine where you pop a coin in ,
choose your china and watch as it releases smashing to the bottom and leaving you feeling much better .
5 . Autowed
While a novelty vending machine , with Autowed you can enjoy audio prompts , music , rings and a personalised certificate .
6 . Flat Shoes
Two British companies are targeting club goers with their flat shoe vending machine ideas .
A night of dancing in heels can leave any woman in agony ,
now she can buy some biodegradable ballet shoes with their own little matching bag ,
allowing her to dance the night away and take her new shoes home with her .
7 . Smart Car Vending Machine
Only in Japan can you find something as awesome as a smart car vending machine .
While this is a concept idea , the machine has a full sized Smart Car with the choice of carbio or coupe .
8 . Hair Straightening Machine
If your hair is getting a little wild while you are out on the town , don't despair you can use a hair straightening vending machine .
Pop your coins in for the time you need the straightener for and get perfect looking locks .
9 . Motorola Vending Machine
Motorola has been using vending machines since 2006 selling phones , Bluetooth headsets and chargers on the go .
Need a phone fast ?
Just pop along to your closest Motorola vending machine .
10 . Phone Chargers On the Move
There is nothing worse than your mobile phone going flat while you are out , but there is a solution .
Phone Charger vending machines enable you to recharge your mobile phone whatever phone you have .
Pop your money in and let the phone charge up before heading off again .
Gay rights in the South Still far behind
New York 's celebrations are not echoed down South
Annise Parker , an out-and-out rarity
A BATTLE is brewing in Batesville , Arkansas .
The daily newspaper there recently omitted the name of the partner of a deceased gay man in its free obituary notice .
The Batesville Daily Guard's owner-manager told a grieving Terence James , that its policy is not to include anyone  gay or straight  as a survivor unless they are legally married .
His only option ?
To buy a paid notice and list himself .
But when a national gay-rights group tried to place an obit on his behalf , its money was rejected .
The Centre for Artistic Revolution , an Arkansas equal-rights group , has been holding vigils in front of the newspaper's offices , and is starting a campaign aimed at the newspaper's advertisers .
The fight for gay equality in the South lags behind that in the rest of the nation .
True Annise Parker , the mayor of Houston , Texas , is openly gay ;
but the local Fox affiliate there created a furore in April when it aired a segment asking viewers if television , including programmes like " Glee , " was " too gay . "
The New York -based Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation demanded an apology , which never came .
On June 28th Arkansas 's Democratic governor Mike Beebe made history and angered the state 's gay community simultaneously .
He became the state's first sitting governor to address a gay-rights group .
But when asked during a question-and-answer session about gay marriage , Mr Beebe said he did not think the state would ever pass a law like New York's allowing gay marriage .
He added that he believed marriage was between a man and a woman and stated that he opposes civil unions .
The South 's conservative religious heritage , which often preaches against homosexuality , contributes to the region 's sexual repression .
In Pineville , Louisiana , a gay-rights group recently held a candlelight vigil outside Louisiana College , a private Baptist college , to draw attention to a student policy that condemns students who engage or advocate engagement in " immoral " acts such as homosexuality or sex outside of marriage .
The student handbook says that students will face disciplinary action if caught .
The Bible belt's views even resonate within the gay world .
Last September , Mike Halterman launched the Deep South's first regional lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered magazine , Out on the Town .
He says that " even within the LGBT community there are disagreements as to what topics and pictorials our magazine covers  or doesn't cover " .
Mr Halterman reckons the magazine 's decisions would n't be an issue at all in San Francisco or Greenwich Village .
Throughout much of the South , the number of same-sex couples living together increased in the 2010 census , especially in metropolitan areas .
But the South is also home to many anti-gay groups including the Mississippi -based American Family Association , which runs a network of 192 radio stations with 2m listeners .
The Southern Poverty Law Centre in Alabama has labelled it a " hate group " because it spreads " known falsehoods " about homosexuality .
In small pockets across the South , life is changing for the gay community , partly thanks to the work of grassroots groups like The Centre for Artistic Revolution in Little Rock or the GLBT Advocacy &amp; Youth Services , in Huntsville , Alabama .
But do n't count on any weddings any time soon .
Not for nothing is it known as the gutter press .
The allegations that the News of the World , Britain's biggest Sunday newspaper , broke into the voicemail of a murdered teenage girl , is a stain on the newspaper and on News International , its owner .
But the stench is much more widespread .
As new allegations of lawbreaking surface , journalism itself is reeking .
So are Britain 's politicians and especially its police .
Britain has long had a scrappy press .
A brutally competitive newspaper market encourages screaming headlines and intrusive tittle-tattle .
In France a politician 's peccadillos may be kept quiet for years .
In Britain they are splashed across the front pages .
Britons know their newspapers are rude , excessive and unreliable .
But they want them to draw blood from politicians and misbehaving celebrities .
Thanks largely to some splendid muckraking by the Guardian , it is now clear how one tabloid obtained some of its headlines .
The News of the World seems routinely to have asked a private investigator to hack into mobile-phone mailboxes , which is a crime .
Until this week the victims seemed to be celebrities , publicists , politicians and other journalists  the sort of people who , in the British mind , probably deserve what they get .
But a lawyer representing the family of the murdered girl claims that police said her phone was hacked in a way that raised hopes that she was alive .
The families of terrorism victims , dead soldiers and two other murdered girls are also said to have been targeted .
If true , that is callousness heaped on criminality .
Far beyond the printing presses Four deeply worrying questions emerge from this .
The first is how a newsroom could run so far out of control .
And almost certainly not just one newsroom .
In 2006 the Information Commissioner explained that the use of private investigators was widespread .
It is notable that Britain's other tabloid newspapers , which love to kick a rival when it is down , have been disturbingly quiet about the allegations of phone hacking at the News of the World .
It may turn out that the paper was merely the most enthusiastic , ruthless lawbreaker among several .
The second question concerns News International , the British newspaper arm of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation .
It has consistently ducked and twisted .
For as long as they could get away with it , executives claimed the phone hacking was the doing of a rogue reporter .
When that argument was demolished , they claimed few knew of wrongdoing .
Rebekah Brooks , News International's chief executive , told staff this week that it was inconceivable she knew of the alleged phone hacking when she was editor of the News of the World .
Yet if the allegations are true , many journalists at the newspaper would have known about such practices , and failed to report them .
That can only happen in an outfit that has lost any sense of right and wrong .
The notion that its rivals were perhaps doing the same thing is no excuse .
Then there are the police .
The initial investigation by the Metropolitan Police into phone hacking was pitiful .
For years the cops sat on a huge sheaf of seized documents and did nothing .
Sloppiness is one thing .
But the police tend to be hand-in-glove with popular newspapers .
An implicit deal applies :
we give you stories , you raise the alarm about criminals on the loose .
And , occasionally , put your hand in your pocket too .
Files handed over last month suggest that police received some payments from the News of the World .
The politicians who have fulminated against the press over the past few days are tainted , too .
Far from urging the police to conduct a full investigation , they have long cosied up to the tabloids .
Alastair Campbell , Tony Blair's powerful director of communications , came from the Daily Mirror .
Andy Coulson , who resigned as editor of the News of the World in 2007 , went on to run David Cameron's communications machine .
Fear seems to play a role .
One member of the parliamentary culture committee alleged last year that members had been warned they could be targeted by newspapers if they insisted on summoning Mrs Brooks to give evidence against her will .
Black , white and red all over It is a depressing mess  and one with wide consequences .
As the Times , another Murdoch paper , has correctly pointed out , British journalism is in its equivalent of the MPs expenses scandal .
Given the uselessness of the Press Complaints Commission throughout , this affair will only encourage demands for regulatory oversight of the press .
This would probably do more harm than good .
Britain already has the toughest libel laws in the world , which have been misused repeatedly to protect the rich and the powerful ;
and giving the state power to regulate the press is a dangerous temptation to governments .
So what should be done ?
Within News International anyone implicated directly in any aspect of this saga  not just the apparent phone hacking at the News of the World but the obfuscations since  should immediately stand down , pending a proper police investigation .
Then there needs to be a judicial inquiry , with the power to call witnesses , including police officers , under oath .
That should cover all newspapers , not just Mr Murdoch's , and ferret out other dodgy activities , such as obtaining private medical records and credit-card transactions .
If the result of such an inquiry is a bloodbath in Fleet Street and Scotland Yard , so be it .
Mr Cameron's refusal to push ahead with this forcefully is incredibly cowardly and shortsighted .
Some MPs have called for News Corporation's purchase of the 61% of BSkyB it does not already own to be delayed , while Britain's media regulator investigates whether the firm is a " fit and proper " owner of the satellite-TV company .
That is a stretch .
The acquisition , which this newspaper thought was fair , is a matter of competition law .
The regulator can find a broadcaster to be unfit , and yank its licence , at any time .
It also misses the point .
Mr Murdoch is a ferocious businessman who has helped steer media through a treacherous digital transition .
But if it is proven that News Corporation's managers condoned lawbreaking , they should not be running any newspaper or television firm .
They should be in prison .
This is the second in a series of articles leading up to the Fortune Brainstorm Tech conference ,
which will be held from July 19-21 in Aspen , Colorado .
Fortune Brainstorm Tech will round up many of the best and brightest thinkers in technology .
Our coverage in this series will examine the progress of companies that presented last year and give an idea of what to expect this year .
As companies like Google ( GOOG , ) Square , Intuit ( INTU ) and , reportedly , Apple ( AAPL ) place their bets on some form of mobile payments ,
the technology 's long-term potential becomes clear .
What 's harder to envision is exactly how this nascent industry will evolve .
Each company 's service manages to transform mobile devices into a credit-transaction device , although their approaches vary .
Google Wallet lets Android smartphones make payments simply by swiping or tapping them in front of compatible readers .
Meanwhile , Square and Intuit 's GoPayment services rely on credit-card readers that plug into audio jacks .
Square in particular is thriving :
Jack Dorsey 's two-and-a-half-year-old startup made headlines again this week when it raised $ 100 million at a $ 1 billion valuation .
At this point , it 's easier to glean the broader , more immediate benefits of such services .
With Square and GoPayment , any merchant can handle digital payments without having to shell out hundreds of dollars for a traditional credit card transaction machine .
And services like Google Wallet may mean you never have to carry around plastic again .
Beyond that , however , there are longer-term possibilities for mobile payments that are especially tantalizing :
1 ) . Real-time feedback .
It can take up to two weeks for merchants to receive feedback as to how well a plain-old paper coupon performed with customers .
With Near Field Communications ( NFC , ) feedback from smartphones could be instantaneous , richer and more detailed .
Lars Skari , who heads Infosys' banking and capital markets group , said merchants and marketers can parse through available data on coupon purchases hour-by-hour , examining overall coupon adoption rates over time .
That information would allow them to adjust coupon discounts on the fly .
2 ) . Tapping the GPS
Assuming consumers can opt in and tweak privacy settings to their hearts' desire , the smartphone's GPS could add a new level of location-sensitive features .
Earlier this year , Stephanie Tilenius , Google 's VP of Commerce , suggested that NFC could make every day life easier :
If you find some jeans in a Gap ( GAP ) store but they're out of your size , a scan of your smartphone can make sure a pair will be sent to you .
Skari offers a more detailed example .
When a shopper walks into the supermarket , his smartphone could receive a customized shopping list based on his shopping history there .
As he walks down an aisle looking for say , frozen pizza , he'll receive coupons for them .
Other supermarkets could try to entice him through their doors by modifying their coupons and offering deeper discounts .
If users plug in their social accounts , they get even more information , such as what their friends recently purchased or which brands they recommend .
3 ) . An easier banking experience
Services like Google Wallet likely won't upend the business models of commercial banks , but could alter the way customers interact with them .
Already , Google Wallet promises to make plastic obsolete .
Skari suggests the next logical step would be for such services to handle billing payments as well , acting as an intermediary between banks and customers and providing a simple , clean user interface that lets them interact seamlessly .
Sound far fetched ?
Maybe , but given that these companies all excel in providing painless user experiences , it's a possibility .
" Companies like your Google , Mint , Square and others are coming from more of a true retail environment " , says Skari .
" They 're starting to make inroads into that very important customer segment " of consumers under 30 .
Square COO Keith Rabois supports that assertion -- as least with regards to his company --
claiming that the startup has a 95% chance of one day becoming more valuable than eBay's ( EBAY ) PayPal and a 50% chance of becoming more culturally relevant .
" We are not limited to just e-commerce " , he said .
" We enable real world payments , which is a much bigger market and is more valuable " .
June 11 , 2011 On the Ground Share Your Comments About This Column Nicholas Kristof addresses reader feedback and posts short takes from his travels .
The deaths of 31 people in Europe from a little-known strain of E.coli have raised alarms worldwide , but we shouldn't be surprised . Our food often betrays us .
Just a few days ago , a 2-year-old girl in Dryden , Va , died in a hospital after suffering bloody diarrhea linked to another strain of E.coli . Her brother was also hospitalized but survived .
Every year in the United States , 325,000 people are hospitalized because of food-borne illnesses and 5,000 die , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
That's right :
food kills one person every two hours .
Yet while the terrorist attacks of 2001 led us to transform the way we approach national security , the deaths of almost twice as many people annually have still not generated basic food-safety initiatives .
We have an industrial farming system that is a marvel for producing cheap food , but its lobbyists block initiatives to make food safer .
Perhaps the most disgraceful aspect of our agricultural system  I say this as an Oregon farmboy who once raised sheep , cattle and hogs  is the way antibiotics are recklessly stuffed into healthy animals to make them grow faster .
The Food and Drug Administration reported recently that 80 percent of antibiotics in the United States go to livestock , not humans . And 90 percent of the livestock antibiotics are administered in their food or water , typically to healthy animals to keep them from getting sick when they are confined in squalid and crowded conditions .
The single state of North Carolina uses more antibiotics for livestock than the entire United States uses for humans .
This cavalier use of low-level antibiotics creates a perfect breeding ground for antibiotic-resistant pathogens .
The upshot is that ailments can become pretty much untreatable .
The Infectious Diseases Society of America , a professional organization of doctors , cites the case of Josh Nahum , a 27-year-old skydiving instructor in Colorado .
He developed a fever from bacteria that would not respond to medication .
The infection spread and caused tremendous pressure in his skull .
Some of his brain was pushed into his spinal column , paralyzing him . He became a quadriplegic depending on a ventilator to breathe . Then , a couple of weeks later , he died .
There's no reason to link Nahum's case specifically to agricultural overuse , for antibiotic resistance has multiple causes that are difficult to unravel .
Doctors overprescribe them . Patients misuse them .
But looking at numbers , by far the biggest element of overuse is agriculture .
We would never think of trying to keep our children healthy by adding antibiotics to school water fountains , because we know this would breed antibiotic-resistant bacteria .
It's unconscionable that Big Ag does something similar for livestock .
Louise Slaughter , the only microbiologist in the United States House of Representatives , has been fighting a lonely battle to curb this practice  but industrial agricultural interests have always blocked her legislation .
" These statistics tell the tale of an industry that is rampantly misusing antibiotics in an attempt to cover up filthy , unsanitary living conditions among animals " , Slaughter said .
" As they feed antibiotics to animals to keep them healthy , they are making our families sicker by spreading these deadly strains of bacteria " .
Vegetarians may think that they're immune , but they're not .
E.coli originates in animals but can spill into water used to irrigate vegetables , contaminating them .
The European E.coli outbreak apparently arose from bean sprouts grown on an organic farm in Germany .
One of the most common antibiotic-resistant pathogens is MRSA , which now kills more Americans annually than AIDS and adds hugely to America's medical costs .
MRSA has many variants , and one of the more benign forms now is widespread in hog barns and among people who deal with hogs .
An article this year in a journal called Applied and Environmental Microbiology reported that MRSA was found in 70 percent of hogs on one farm .
Another scholarly journal reported that MRSA was found in 45 percent of employees working at hog farms .
And the Centers for Disease Control reported this April that this strain of bacteria has now been found in a worker at a day care center in Iowa .
Other countries are moving to ban the feeding of antibiotics to livestock .
But in the United States , the agribusiness lobby still has a hold on Congress .
The European outbreak should shake people up .
" It points to the whole broken system " , notes Robert Martin of the Pew Environment Group .
We need more comprehensive inspections in the food system , more testing for additional strains of E.coli , and more public education ( always wash your hands after touching raw meat , and don't use the same cutting board for meat and vegetables . )
A great place to start reforms would be by banning the feeding of antibiotics to healthy livestock .
I invite you to comment on this column on my blog , On the Ground . Please also join me on Facebook , watch my YouTube videos and follow me on Twitter .
Impossible chemistry :
Having entropy both ways Belousov appended his results to a Soviet conference paper on a different topic , where they languished in obscurity ( Image :
Philippe Plailly / Science Photo Library ) A reaction that went spontaneously in both directions seemed to break one of science's most cherished laws  only a crank would say they'd made it happen Read more :
For Boris Belousov , vindication came too late .
When the Soviet biochemist was awarded his country's prestigious Lenin prize in 1980 , he had been dead for 10 years .
At least he lived long enough to see the scorn heaped on his work give way to grudging acceptance .
In the 1950s , he had devised a cocktail of chemical ingredients that provided a simple analogue of glycolysis , the process by which enzymes break down sugars .
The mixture changed from colourless to yellow as the reaction proceeded .
But then something astonishing happened :
the cocktail went colourless again . Then yellow . Then colourless .
It began to oscillate repeatedly between these two states .
This was unacceptable .
A reaction that went spontaneously in both directions seemed to go against one of science's most cherished dictums , the second law of thermodynamics .
This states that all change in the universe is accompanied by an increase in entropy - put crudely , it must leave things less ordered than they were before .
Entropy cannot possibly increase in both directions in a chemical reaction .
Belousov was proposing something that only cranks would suggest .
In fact , Belousov was not the first to observe the effect .
In 1921 , American chemist William Bray had reported similar oscillations when hydrogen peroxide reacted with iodate ions .
No one had believed him , either .
As for Belousov , he couldn't get his findings published .
In the end , he appended them to a Soviet conference paper on a different topic , where they languished in obscurity .
Or at least they did until a compatriot of Belousov's , Anatoly Zhabotinsky , modified the original reaction mixture in the 1960s to make it change colour between red and blue - too dramatic a change to ignore .
As news of the " Belousov - Zhabotinsky " ( BZ ) reaction and other similar oscillating reactions percolated through to the west from 1967 onwards , an explanation began to crystallise .
The oscillations come about because the initial reaction generates intermediate compounds that are autocatalytic , speeding up their own production .
At the same time , some of the resulting compounds kick-start a second autocatalytic cycle that restores the ingredients of the first .
The overall reaction thus flip-flops between the two cycles .
If the BZ reaction is constantly fed fresh reagents and the final products are removed , the oscillations can be sustained indefinitely .
Such oscillations happen in industrially important reactions using metal catalysts and even in real glycolysis .
In an unstirred mixture , they can spread as chemical waves , giving rise to complex patterns ;
related biochemical reactions are thought to create pigmentation markings in animals from wildcats to ladybirds .
The waves are also analogues of the electrical pulses that pass through heart tissue .
Their dynamics have been widely studied to get a better understanding of the factors that might induce irregular heartbeats .
Andrew Adamatsky at the University of the West of England in Bristol , UK , is even using BZ-based chemical wave interactions to create logic gates .
He and collaborators in Germany and Poland are aiming to create " wet " chemical circuits that will crudely mimic the behaviour of neurons , including their capacity for self-repair .
Flirting with the law In its choice of language , chemistry sometimes flirts with its own law-breaking inclinations .
Take " symmetry-forbidden " reactions . These break rules that chemists Roald Hoffmann and Robert Woodward laid down in 1965 , based on the mathematical symmetry of electron orbitals as they are rearranged or recombined by light or heat .
Or " spin-forbidden " reactions , which involve the flipping of the quantum-mechanical " spin " of the electron configurations in the reactants .
Neither of these types of reactions is in fact impossible - they just proceed at slower rates than " allowed " reactions .
According to Hoffmann , the choice of word was deliberate :
on Woodward's insistence they asserted in their 1965 paper that there were no exceptions to their rules to spur others on to finding them .
Some 4.53 billion years ago , a Mars-sized impactor slammed into Earth , forming a young , molten moon .
But was it a head-on collision or a glancing blow ?
New computer simulations argue for the former , indicating that the impactor scored a direct hit , crashing into Earth at a steeper angle and with a higher velocity than previously thought .
The resulting smashup would have ejected far more Earth debris into space than other models have indicated , with much hotter temperatures .
And that would mean the moon formed from more Earthlike material than previously thought .
The origin of the impactor itself remains an open question .
The slow impact velocity of previous models requires it to have originated from an orbit very near Earth , while the new model allows for an origin from more far-flung parts of the solar system .
Explanation :
In the final move of its kind , NASA's space shuttle Atlantis was photographed earlier this month slowly advancing toward Launch Pad 39A , where it is currently scheduled for a July launch to the International Space Station .
The mission , designated STS-135 , is the 135th and last mission for a NASA space shuttle .
Atlantis and its four-person crew will be carrying , among other things , the Multi-Purpose Logistics Module Raffaello to bring key components and supplies to the ISS .
Pictured above , the large Shuttle Crawler Transporter rolls the powerful orbiter along the five-kilometer long road at less than two kilometers per hour .
Over 15,000 spectators , some visible on the right , were on hand for the historic roll out .
Scams targeting foreigners must become history Source :
A franchised outlet of Beijing Tongrentang , China's largest producer of traditional Chinese medicine , has recently become embroiled in a scandal involved foreign tourists .
The outlet reportedly diagnosed foreign tourists brought in by tour guides and charged them obscene prices for medicine .
One Spanish victim filed complaints to the local tourism administration bureau , the travel agency and the hotel he had stayed at during the journey .
It is odd that the hotel paid him some modicum of compensation , whereas other complaints were never answered .
This is just another trick of Chinese con artists toward foreign tourists .
Other classical tricks include inviting foreigners to taste sample tea in a teahouse or taking them to an " art gallery " , before charging them outrageous prices for low-quality goods .
Media reports of this latest trick have stirred up an online barrage toward the scammers .
Netizens felt ashamed , saying that this made the Chinese " lose face " .
There is no clear organization to handle such scams , deal with related complaints and conduct specific inquiries . Scammers exist throughout the country , and the Chinese have long suffered from this themselves .
Nevertheless , tricks targeting foreigners are somehow quietly tolerated in the Chinese society , which indicates a special Chinese mentality toward foreigners .
Foreigners , especially white , are believed to be rich and aggressive , which makes Chinese con artists feel less guilty in scamming them .
Plus , the fact that China was under foreign invasion in modern history seems to reinforce such impression .
The stereotype has barely changed , although the number of foreign residents in China has soared to nearly 600,000 .
They are easily diluted in the 1.3 billion population of China .
Many Chinese , surrounded by a large homogeneous population , still consider foreigners to be very different .
These ideas must change sooner or later .
It is ludicrous to imagine that foreigners are just easy marks with fat purses .
Nowadays , many foreigners have become very suspicious of feisty peddlers or retailers , as they cannot tell whether their kindness is truly honest .
A business offering true honest service might be unfairly hurt .
The wider victims of Chinese con artists targeting foreigners are Chinese businesses .
Concerning the expensive drug scandal , other stores selling traditional Chinese medicine may well be off-putting for foreign buyers , especially the recent victims .
The Chinese method of diagnosis by feeling the pulse and observing the face may also be doubted by some foreigners .
At the moment , scamming chains that include travel agencies , tour guides , hotels , restaurants and shops have taken shape , and foreign victims are often left helpless due to the language barrier .
The media should be more active in exposing such scandals , and propel related departments to smooth the complaint channels and lay down the law .
What Your Spit Says About You :
news.sciencemag.org/sciencenow/assets/2009/02/26/200922641.jpg " title " = Donors .
In the Philippines , volunteers provide saliva samples for DNA studies of mouth microbes .
Credit :
Your spit is nothing like your neighbors' .
A global study has found vast differences between people in the types of microbes inhabiting their saliva -- with a surprising lack of correlation between the type of bugs and where a person lives .
Until recently , biomedically oriented microbiologists tended to focus on just those pathogens that could be grown in the laboratory .
But in the past decade , ever-cheaper sequencing technology has enabled wholesale surveys of genes in the environment , and from those genes , assessments of entire communities of microbes associated with the gut and other parts of the body .
Certain community compositions are proving to be risk factors , say , in obesity .
In 2007 , the U.S. National Institutes of Health set up a $ 115 million , 5-year program to look in-depth at microbes found on or in people .
But Mark Stoneking wasn't all that interested in human health when he decided to chase down the microbes in spit .
A molecular anthropologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , he and colleagues wanted to know whether cheek swabs or saliva were better sources of human DNA to use in his studies of human migrations .
They did some tests .
" You do get a whopping lot of DNA out of saliva , but much of it turns out to be bacteria " , he recalls .
That got him thinking . He had been impressed by how anthropologists were able to trace human migrations through the differences in the strains of the stomach bug Helicobacter pylori in various groups of people ;
" With that species , you see very strong geographic patterning " , says Stoneking .
But getting a sample of H.pylori is relatively difficult , as it requires a stomach biopsy .
He wondered whether any of the bacteria in spit would work instead .
Stoneking persuaded colleagues to help collect saliva from 10 volunteers each at a dozen locations around the world .
His lab isolated and sequenced about 500 bases from a gene often used to tell one type of bacterium from another .
They then matched those sequences against those in public databases to identify each individual's bacteria .
Taken together , the samples contained 101 known bacterial genera , 39 of them newly found in the mouth .
The samples also included another estimated 64 genera that were not in the databases .
Individuals had between six and 30 kinds of bacteria in their mouths .
The 10 individuals from California and the 10 from the Congo had the greatest variation ; those from the Republic of Georgia and Turkey had the least .
Differences in the bacterial composition among individuals from a particular place tended to be on par with the differences in the bacteria present between individuals from different places , indicating -- to the team's surprise -- that there were no geographical patterns .
The researchers also did not find any correlation between the bacteria present and age , gender , or environmental factors .
One might expect diet or hygiene to affect the microbial communities , but the researchers did not assess those cultural factors in this particular study .
Thus , they have few clues as to why this diversity exists .
" These communities are very complex , and the degree to which they vary between people continues to surprise us " , says Ruth Ley , a microbial ecologist at Cornell University .
She would like to see the researchers follow up the study by looking at more people , taking multiple samples over time from each person , and getting more sequence from each sample .
Says Daniel Falush , a statistical geneticist at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom : " Variation in this microbiota may reveal unexpected insights into many aspects of health " .
The amount of capital you will need depends on what kind of venture you plan to build .
You may need to go no further than the first rung of the ladder .
You might be able to build a very good business that meets all of your financial needs without raising a dime from anybody .
You might also strike it lucky and get phenomenal growth without needing capital .
But being under-capitalized is a big source of venture failure .
So you need to assess how much capital you 'll need .
Your chances of realistically getting that capital should factor into your planning .
If you can reach only the lower rungs of the ladder , do n't plan a business that needs higher levels out of your reach .
If your first venture is a success , the other steps on the ladder will be more easily accessible if you decide to pursue another venture .
10 Steps on the Ladder You may need only a few of these steps .
This is not meant to be a " do this , then do this , and then do this " progression .
You can skip steps and stop at any point .
No cash , moonlighting , sweat Credit card or savings ( personal round ) Friends and family round Incubators Serious angels and small VCs Classic VCs Corporate VCs Non-recourse working capital bank loans IPO Exit :
Capital Realization Our aim with this chapter is to help you understand what these investors want .
Habit # 5 in Steven Covey 's " 7 Habits of Highly Successful People " is :
Seek first to understand . Then to be understood .
1 .
No Cash , Moonlighting , Sweat This is the earliest possible phase , when all you need is to build a website that can be uploaded to your server and that demonstrates your idea .
If you are a non-technical entrepreneur , this step is not feasible .
The non-techie equivalent would be a business concept :
identifying a big gap in the market , doing enough research to be credible , and developing a unique approach to filling this gap .
2 .
Credit Card or Savings ( Personal Round ) Now you need to load your site onto a production server ( or create a fancy slideshow ) and buy business cards .
Maybe your phone bill just went up , or you need to travel somewhere to meet someone .
No problem ;
no need to ask anyone for money .
Just keep track of these little items .
They are pre-operating expenses .
If you get to profitability without external investors , these loans of yours to the company can be re-paid .
If you raise external capital , this is almost always regarded as sweat equity ( meaning you do n't get it back until exit time , when you sell your equity . )
Be careful .
Loading up on credit card debt is risky .
You almost always need more money than you think , and it takes longer than you think to raise real money .
You can rack up a sizable debt fairly quickly .
If your credit card company tightens up , you 'll have no options .
If your venture fails , you 'll be left with a nasty bill , probably with crippling interest rates .
3 .
Friends and Family Round You are now at the stage where this venture of yours might really take off .
But now you need more than you can afford but less than is sensible to ask from an angel .
This is the friends and family round , people who " invest " because they know you , like you , and trust you .
Do n't take this as validation of your venture .
It is purely validation of how they feel about you .
Keep the deal simple .
This has to be convertible debt .
That means :
They loan the money to your business , It converts into equity at the first equity round .
This lets you avoid having to ask your friends and family to valuate your venture .
They are not experts , and it makes for difficult conversations with people who still like you .
Your friends and family will always be important to you ..
more important to you than this venture .
Do n't make promises you are not 100 % sure about .
Be totally open and transparent , and do your best .
If you follow these simple rules and your venture fails , you at least won't lose your friends and family .
Document what has been agreed on , even if only with an email trail .
Memories may prove faulty .
4 .
Incubators The US alone has 600 technology incubators .
One may be near you .
Some are little more than office space and offer no real value :
do n't waste your time with them .
Look for ones with a track record of successfully incubating ventures .
That track record means that angels and VCs look to these incubators for deal flow , meaning you will get access to capital when you need it .
Incubators should give you four things :
Cash .
Not all incubators have cash to invest .
Look for the ones that do .
This could replace a friend and family round .
They might do a convertible deal , letting the angels or VCs set the valuation .
That is ideal .
If they insist on a percentage for a small amount of cash , take a long hard look at their track record .
Those deals of , say , 10 % of the venture for $ 20,000 may work for some first-time entrepreneurs if the incubator can really deliver the credibility and network you need .
But note that later investors make their decisions based on the merits of your venture .
The incubator just gets you through the door and may coach you on what to say as you walk through .
Is that worth 10 % ?
Because $ 20,000 is probably not worth 10% .
Services on a deferred-payment basis .
These would be from vendors ( landlords , lawyers , accountants , designers , advisors , etc ) . who get paid only after the venture is funded .
So , these vendors are also betting on the incubator 's track record .
Mentorship and championing .
This should come from the person in the incubator who really believes in your venture but also challenges you at every step to make sure you are really ready to take it to the next level .
Look for a mentor/champion who has been an entrepreneur .
See the chapter on Building An Advisory Board and follow those guidelines when choosing a mentor/champion in an incubator .
Yes , you choose them .
It is not just about them choosing you .
A network of entrepreneurs and investors they can tap into on your behalf .
Why do successful entrepreneurs put time and money into becoming incubators : ?
To get in on the ground floor of a great venture and make some money .
The buzz of startup life is addictive .
To do some good , and repay the good fortune they have had .
To help the local region .
Perhaps they came from here , went to Silicon Valley because it was their only option , but wished they had an incubator like them locally when they were starting out .
But choose carefully :
some will only waste your time .
5 .
Serious Angels and Small VCs Serious angels do what they do for a living .
That is their day job .
Sure , they love it and are passionate about it , but they also want to make money from investing .
These serious angels are very different from the person in a full-time job who enjoys the distraction of hearing pitches and occasionally writing small checks .
The serious angels operate just like small VC firms .
Some work in association with other angels so that they can provide enough funding that the company does n't have to rely on VCs too early on .
Some have raised money from other angels and in effect become small VC funds themselves .
Serious angels take all of these steps because of one overriding fear :
They fear getting squeezed by a VC that invests in a later round .
As an entrepreneur , you need to be sensitive to that fear .
Almost all entrepreneurs are too optimistic about their plan .
They assume they can reach whatever milestone they have with less time and money than they really need .
Then , when the venture runs out of money , the angel has two options :
Invest more money .
At this point , they are investing in an entrepreneur who has not hit their numbers and whose credibility is questionable .
The smart ones will just assume at the outset that they will have to invest way more money than you are asking for .
For example , if you say , " We can get to profitability ( or some other milestone ) with $ 500,000 " ,
they will assume that something more like $ 1 million is needed and plan accordingly ( by reserving as much of their or their partner 's capital as is needed . )
Get squeezed by a VC .
In this case , their stake will be massively diluted .
Say they invested $ 500,000 and got a 20 % stake .
Now , the venture is running out of money and needs $ 3 million urgently .
The venture has good prospects , so VCs are interested .
Some VCs will extract harsh terms under these conditions .
Angels obviously do n't like being treated this way .
The venture is a winner , and they spotted it early , so why should they be the loser in this game ?
Bear in mind that you , the entrepreneur , get squeezed in this situation as well , but you are in a better position than the angel because the VC needs you to continue working to build value .
But basically , this is bad news all around .
You can avoid this situation in two ways :
Be more realistic in your business planning .
Yes , this is hard .
Planning with multiple levels of uncertainty is hard .
That is why investors , who know this fact very well , usually want more time to evaluate your venture than you 'd like to give them .
Use the angel 's experience to help you with business planning .
Check your assumptions against their experience .
The mechanics of a spreadsheet are simple ;
the mistakes always lurk in one or two main assumptions .
This is why the real-world experience of your advisor , incubator champion , or angel is critical .
Work with angels who , with their partners , have enough cash to invest if you do end up needing more money than planned .
Work with angels who have a strong track record and good connections with people on the next rung of the ladder :
the classic VC funds .
VC funds are less likely to squeeze ( read , alienate ) an angel who they know is a great source of ventures .
6 .
Classic VCs If you are a serial entrepreneur who has already built and sold a VC-funded company , you can jump straight to this rung of the ladder .
If not , do n't even think about it .
For Web technology ventures , classic VC funds have become a source of late-stage expansion capital .
Some of those VCs are getting back in the early-stage game by one of three methods :
Establishing a separate early-stage fund .
Unless the VC has different partners , this separate fund is probably little more than a name and hypothetical allocation of money .
Acting as Incubator .
This works like a convertible loan and can be a great solution .
Cultivating a network of friendly angels .
The idea here is that they send deals to these angels , who bring those deals back when the ventures need more money .
Be careful .
Many classic VCs like to work with a few " entrepreneurs in residence " to create ventures in-house .
Their interest in any of these projects may be no more than due diligence .
In short , if you do n't have a good relationship with a classic VC , do n't start here .
7 .
Corporate VCs Higher up on the ladder are corporate VCs .
They get their deal flow from classic VC funds and invest with strategic objectives .
They typically look to grow the market for their core product .
They may want a minority stake in a venture that they see value in acquiring later on .
Corporate VCs can be great , but make sure the deal does not come with strings attached that would scare off other potential acquirers .
8 .
Non-Recourse Working Capital Bank Loans This is the high-five moment for bootstrapped ventures .
It means you have been profitable for a while but need working capital because of fast growth . Most banks like to fund these .
The big deal about non-recourse loans is that you are not personally liable .
The bank uses your company 's cash flow as collateral .
For entrepreneurs who have gone into personal debt to build their venture , this is a big , big milestone .
9 .
IPO This is the golden ticket for a VC-backed business .
Well , at least it used to be .
And it may be so again .
It is another rung on the capital-raising ladder .
You do an IPO to raise money , at least in theory .
In reality , the larger motivation is to get your stock tradable ( i.e. " liquid ) " so that you and your investors can sell some of it .
10 .
Exit :
Capital Realization The final step is to realize value by selling some or all of your stock either in a trade sale or to public market investors if you have done an IPO .
If you are starting out , then yes , all of the steps above the fifth rung on the ladder may as well be on the moon .
But as with anything , take it one step at a time .
One of the most dreaded , tedious and boring household chores is doing laundry .
The sooner we can get it over with , the better .
We can hardly wait for the day a genius inventor designs a gadget that can wash , dry , fold , press and hang our clothes without human intervention .
But until that day comes , we must devote major chunks of our precious time to doing our laundry .
How can we save time ?
Here are some minute-saving tips .
1 Use a three-bin hamper system .
Whether it 's one big hamper with three sections or three different hampers lined up , it does n't matter as long as you can use it to presort your laundry .
Label the first bin " Whites " , the second bin " Light Colors " and the third bin " Dark Colors " .
Toss your dirty and soiled clothes into the appropriate bins as soon as you take them off .
This will save you time from sorting your clothes out of one big , dirty laundry heap .
2 .
Designate a laundry day and do it all in one swoop .
Doing one big batch of laundry is faster than doing two small batches on separate occasions .
Washing and drying full loads is also more cost-effective in terms of power and water consumption .
3 .
Use wheeled laundry carts .
Wheeled devices will help facilitate transporting dirty ( and clean ) laundry to and from the designated areas .
A wheeled cart can move loads that will otherwise require two or more trips to carry between the laundry room and the walk-in closets .
4 .
Use the appropriate wash cycle .
Observe how long it takes for your washer to go through the " Normal " cycle .
Are your clothes so dirty that they need to be subjected to an hour-long wash and rinse process ?
If your laundry is mostly regular casual wear , consider using a shorter cycle .
It not only saves time , but also reduces the unnecessary abuse your wardrobe is getting from the " Normal " cycle .
5 . Multitask .
Doing laundry requires very little brain function ; therefore , do something else at the same time .
Read a book / magazine or do some gardening while the dryer is spinning and watch television ,
listen to the radio or phone your folks while folding and ironing clothes .
6 .
Get a helping hand .
Make laundry day a family activity .
The more hands , the faster you load and unload the washer/dryer , move and carry the laundry baskets and fold and hang the clothes .
Laundry day might even turn out to be a fun day .
7 .
Have someone else do it .
This will definitely save you time , but of course , it comes with a price .
Tips &amp; Warnings Keep all of your laundry paraphernalia together .
Detergents , stain removers , softeners , hangers and other accessories should all be within reach .
Plan ahead .
If there are stained items you need to deal with , pretreat them early so that they can join the rest of the laundry items in your wash/dry routine .
Front-loading and elevated units might be more convenient ( therefore less time-consuming ) for you .
Naturally , more efficient washers and dryers require less time to do the job .
Hero-Workers Race to Repair Crippled Reactor Friday , 18 Mar 2011 06 :
43 AM TOKYO - Far from the camera crews , crawling through the radioactive wreckage of a nuclear power plant , a faceless battalion is taking on the most dangerous job in Japan , if not the world .
About 300 workers are toiling in Tokyo Electric Power 's earthquake-smashed plant , wearing masks , goggles and protective suits whose seams are sealed off with duct tape to prevent radioactive particles from creeping in .
They are racing against time to restore power and cooling systems to the six reactors at Fukushima Daiichi and try to avert the biggest nuclear catastrophe since Chernobyl in 1986 .
" My eyes well with tears at the thought of the work they are doing " , Kazuya Aoki , a safety official at Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , told Reuters .
" We all just want to support them , and help them do a solid job " .
Hit by explosions and fires , reactors at the plant , 240 km ( 150 miles ) north of Tokyo , are leaking , and officials can 't confirm if cooling water remains in pools containing spent fuel rods .
If not , they can burn and release toxic radiation .
Safety agency and company officials won't say more about who the workers are or what specifically they are doing .
It has not been made public how many of the team of 304 work for Tokyo Electric and how many for other organizations such as outside contractors or the military .
No one is saying whether they volunteered or were ordered to take on the task .
OBEYING ORDERS " It 's their job .
I think they 're doing it of their own free will " , said Masato Furusawa , a 47-year-old Tokyo construction worker .
" They do n't need convincing ;
it 's something they have to do " .
That reflects the Japanese value of unquestioningly following the orders of a leader , a master or an employer .
Whether a 17th-century swordsman in the service of a local warlord or a 21st-century turbine engineer , Japanese are brought up with a strong sense of fealty and duty .
It 's a spirit that has made some Japanese make comparisons between the nuclear workers forging into the reactors and Japan's " tokkoutai " of World War II -- the military special attack forces including kamikaze pilots .
Safety officials are doing their best to avoid any such outcome , of course .
Besides their protective gear , Tokyo Electric is limiting the amount of radiation to which the workers can be exposed .
The average dose for a nuclear plant worker is 50 millisieverts over five years .
Tokyo Electric said on Friday it had raised the limit for the emergency work to 100 millisieverts an hour , subject to an overall maximum of 250 millisieverts a year .
One hundred millisieverts is about 10 times the amount of radiation one would receive from living on a beach in Brazil for a year , according to Japan 's nuclear safety agency .
A full-body CT scan gives a radiation dose of 20-30 millisieverts .
" Obviously there is some increased risk with increased dosage , but it is still within limits that should not have a real effect " , said Tony Irwin , a former nuclear plant manager in Australia .
Typically the workers will carry radiation monitors to make sure they are not over-exposed and indicate when their allotted limit has been reached , Irwin said .
" You come out and shower with the suit on to get loose contamination off ,
take off the suit and then shower again to get it off your skin " , he said .
" They monitor all over the body to make sure there is nothing on the body before they leave " .
" DEEP GRATITUDE " Japanese media have not reported on the identities or duties of the workers going into the stricken reactors , but the news agency Jiji told Wednesday of a 59-year-old nuclear power worker from Shimane prefecture in western Japan who volunteered for the hazardous duty .
The unnamed man , who works at a nuclear plant for a regional electric company , is six months away from retirement , Jiji said .
" The future of nuclear power operations depends on how this is handled " , he told his daughter , according to the report .
" I want to go there with a sense of mission " .
The Japanese public has not paid much attention to those who answered this call , given all the other distractions :
more than 15,000 dead or missing , millions without running water or power , train stoppages , food shortages and panic buying .
" It 's their work , so they have to do it " , said Daisuke Nakao , 40 , who was taking a cigarette break in Hibiya Park near trees donated by Fukushima , Miyagi and Iwate prefectures , which were hardest hit by last week 's calamities .
" They 're not doing it for their country , and they 're not doing it for free -- that 's why we pay electricity fees and taxes " , Nakao said .
But there was also a sentiment of honouring strangers working for a greater good .
" They are taking such a risk for us , I can only be full of deep gratitude " , said Tokyo resident Kumiko Tanaka , 73 , who was taking a walk in the park after lunch .
" I do n't know who they are , but I 'm praying for them " , she said .
" I think they feel a larger duty , that they need to do this for their country . "
When they're finished , I think they will be heroes .
" (  2010 Thomson / Reuters .
All rights reserved .
Read more on Newsmax.com :
Group of 7 To Intervene To Stabilize Yen 's Value WASHINGTON  The United States and other major industrial nations will join Japan in a highly unusual effort to stabilize the value of the yen by intervening in currency markets , the Group of 7 nations announced Thursday night .
Markets responded immediately by driving down the value of the yen against the dollar , reversing almost a week of sharp increases .
The Nikkei 225 , the leading index of the Japanese stock market , also surged on the news .
The rising value of the yen threatened to undermine demand for Japanese exports at the same time that a series of disasters has damaged the domestic economy .
Japanese officials said earlier on Thursday that they could respond unilaterally and wanted only the approval of other nations , but they requested and received additional help during a conference call with finance ministers and central bankers on Thursday night .
In a statement expressing " solidarity with the Japanese people " , the Group of 7 nations said they would conduct a " concerted intervention in exchange markets " on Friday .
" As we have long stated , excess volatility and disorderly movements in exchange rates have adverse implications for economic and financial stability " , the group said in a joint statement .
It is the first time since 2000 that the Group of 7 nations has made a coordinated intervention into the currency markets , then to stabilize the euro .
During the 1990s , the yen and the dollar were also the targets of similar coordinated interventions .
The governments of Japan , the United States , Britain and Canada , and the European Central Bank , will seek to reduce and stabilize the value of the yen by selling their own reserves of the Japanese currency for other currencies as necessary .
Stabilizing exchange rates is intended to curb speculation , which the Japanese government described as a main driver of recent market activity .
Weakening the yen will also allow consumers in other countries to buy Japanese goods at lower prices .
" I think there 's a very good argument that it 's in everyone 's interest to stabilize the Japanese financial system , and part of that effort is to stabilize the yen " , said Jens Nordvig , an analyst with Nomura Securities .
" Normally it only happens when the currency is completely misaligned , and that condition is not in place here , but I think the extraordinary circumstances have made them go ahead and do it nonetheless " .
The intervention is billed as a one-day event , but Mr . Nordvig said it may serve as a blessing from the other countries for additional unilateral action by Japan .
Investors might have been expected to sell yen as Japan struggles to deal with the impact of an earthquake , a tsunami and a nuclear crisis .
Instead they had flocked to the currency , briefly driving its value relative to the dollar to the highest level on record Thursday , before it receded to close at about 79 yen to the dollar .
In overnight trading , the yen weakened by 3 percent , to 81.3 to the dollar .
Some analysts said the buying was driven by speculation that Japanese insurance companies and other investors would sell foreign assets to cover the cost of rebuilding after the earthquake .
Japanese officials sought to dispel that theory , noting that past disasters such as a 1995 earthquake did not create such an effect .
Japanese investors who have taken advantage of low interest rates to borrow yen cheaply and invest in higher yielding foreign currencies may have responded to the disaster by pulling money out of the markets .
The rise may have been amplified by investors forced to cover bets that the yen would remain weak , analysts said .
The jump in price might not cause concern in normal times , as the yen has remained within a fairly normal range of its historic value .
But the upward movement and accompanying volatility are hitting Japan at a time when it needs fewer problems .
" As Japan faces a period of adversity , it is extremely significant for the G-7 to jointly work toward stability in markets " , the Japanese finance minister , Yoshihiko Noda , told reporters in Tokyo Friday .
The value of the yen has been on the upswing since 2007 , a reflection of the relative strength of the Japanese economy as financial crises hit the United States and Europe .
One dollar now buys 34 percent fewer yen than it did four years ago .
The Bank of Japan intervened briefly in September , buying dollars to drive down the value of the yen and drawing a rebuke from European officials for acting alone .
" Unilateral actions are not an appropriate way to deal with global imbalances " , Jean-Claude Juncker , Luxembourg 's prime minister and president of the Euro Group , an organization of European finance ministers , said at the time .
Thursday 's meeting , organized by the French finance minister Christine Lagarde , who holds the rotating chair of the Group of 7 , hewed closely to that advice .
It also followed a recent pattern of responses by authorities in the United States and other countries that are calibrated to overwhelm emerging financial problems .
The call , held before markets opened Friday in Tokyo , included officials from Canada , Germany , Italy and the United Kingdom .
The United States was represented by the Treasury secretary , Timothy F . Geithner , and the Federal Reserve chairman , Ben S . Bernanke .
Mr . Geithner briefed President Obama on the decision , officials said .
From Sumo Wrestling to Running :
400-Pound Man Completes L.A. Marathon
Former sumo wrestler Kelly Gneiting poses before a training session for the U.S. Sumo Open .
Weighing in at 400 pounds ,
Gneiting is the largest person to ever compete the L.A. marathon .
It took nine hours , 48 minutes and 52 seconds , but former sumo wrestler Kelly Gneiting succeeded in crossing the finish line at the L.A. Marathon on Sunday  and earned his spot in the record books .
Gneiting , 40 , loving refers to himself as " The Fat Man " , weighing in at 400 pounds with a 60-inch waist .
But despite his size , Gneiting was able to endure the 26.2 - mile course in the pouring rain to become the heaviest person to ever complete the race .
By alternating jogging and running , the former national champion sumo wrestler also finished at a personal best time .
In 2008 , he completed the L.A. marathon in 11 hours , 48 minutes and 16 seconds .
Guinness world records is currently reviewing Gneiting 's results to see if he indeed earned his place in the history books , but either way , The Fat Man is happy with his results , telling The L.A. Times , " I did it , but it was hell .
Pure hell " .
And he 's not stopping with this feat .
Next up , Gneiting hopes to swim the English Channel , play for the Philadelphia Eagles and hike from the Dead Sea to Mt . Everest .
U . S . Relief Effort in Japan :
By Discovery News March 16 , 2011 -- Since 9.0-magnitude earthquake and resulting tsunami devastated Japan , relief workers from around the world have been mobilizing to bring supplies to the stricken country .
The U.S. military , stationed both in Japan and the U.S. , has been on the front lines in bringing aid and providing cleanup assistance .
In this photo from March 12 , 2011 , U.S. Air Force members load supplies intended for the Japanese relief effort onto a plane in California .
Bottled water awaits transportation to Atsugi , Japan , on March 16 .
helicopter prepares to take on another load of humanitarian assistance and disaster relief kits .
Misawa City official leads U.S. sailors to an area at the Misawa Fishing Port in need of clean-up .
member of the Fairfax County Urban Search and Rescue Team searches under debris in Ofunato , Japan .
Sailors from a nearby naval base have been volunteering in the relief effort , assisting Misawa City employees and members of the local community .
U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Travis Lausier , right , and Spc. Jason Hayes , both draw blood from Lago , while his handler , Tim Dinges , comforts his partner .
Dinges and Lago are from the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department in Virginia .
All dogs coming in to help in the relief efforts must meet Japan 's strict regulations for entry into the country .
Lago must be verified as rabies-free before being allowed to get to work .
Residents of the Naval Air Facility in Atsugi , Japan , collect food , water and relief supplies to support earthquake and tsunami relief operations .
U.S. naval personnel joined Misawa City workers and members of the local community continue to assist in the relief effort .
Chief Petty Officer Michael Robb hands out water to sailors , Misawa city workers and local civilian volunteers during a cleanup effort .
Gmail customers in China have complained during March of experiencing problems with the email service , including difficulty sending emails and marking them as unread , in addition to other issues , according to a story first reported by The Guardian .
Google blames China for Gmail disruptions By Steven Musil , CNET News , 21 March , 2011 :
" There is no issue on our side ; we have checked extensively " , a Google spokesperson told ZDNet UK 's sister site CNET News .
" This is a government blockage carefully designed to look like the problem is with Gmail " .
ASIAN-AMERICANS , whether born in the United States or abroad , still make up a mere 6 % of the country 's population .
They are a mixed lot , ethnically and culturally : the largest sub-group , the Chinese , make up less than a quarter of the total Asian-American population .
But in 2010 , according to a recent report from the Pew Research Centre that counts both authorised and unauthorised migrants , Asians were America 's biggest migrant group . That year 430,000 Asians arrived , compared with 390,000 Hispanics .
The main reason for this was that the rate of Hispanic migration to the United States plummeted with the economic downturn , falling by half between 2005 and 2010 .
Still , the number of Asian immigrants has been growing steadily for the past ten years .
The rise is most noticeable in cities .
Glenda Joe , the CEO of a communications firm , says that when her Cantonese father arrived in Houston in 1930 , only about a dozen Chinese lived in the city .
His subsequent marriage , to her Irish mother , was illegal .
Today the Houston metropolitan area is the most racially diverse in the country , according to an analysis in March from Rice University .
Its basketball team has just signed Jeremy Lin , the league 's biggest Chinese-American star , to much excitement .
Perhaps 15 % of the city 's small businesses are Asian , and several restaurants offer Cajun-Vietnamese fusion .
Distance and policy used to be the big barriers to Asian immigration .
In 1965 long-standing racial quotas were removed , and Asians soon proved their value .
" In an economy that increasingly relies on highly skilled workers , " notes the Pew report , " [ Asians ] are the best educated , highest-income , fastest-growing race group in the country " .
Nearly half of Asian-American adults over 25 have a bachelor 's degree , compared with 28 % of all Americans .
So whereas Hispanic immigrants , most of whom have less than a college education ,
are often accused of taking jobs from native-born Americans , Asian immigrants are less likely to face that sort of complaint .
Distance is another moderating factor .
Since Asia is so far from the United States , unauthorised entry is rare , and an Asian who migrates to the United States is likely to stay and assimilate .
The Pew survey also found that Asian-Americans tend to feel they are doing better than their parents , and are more optimistic than whites about the prospects for their children .
How to Tell Your Boss You 're Pregnant Do n't be scared It 's normal to feel nervous when broaching your pregnancy with your boss .
But you should n't worry that you will lose your job .
It 's illegal for anyone to be fired because of pregnancy .
Figure out when to tell It 's up to you when to disclose your pregnancy , but make sure to do it before it 's obvious .
If you work with any hazardous materials , then you will need to tell your boss earlier so that your baby wo n't be exposed to anything harmful .
Otherwise , you may want to wait until after the first trimester , when the risk of miscarriage declines .
If you have a performance review coming up , it may be better to wait until that is completed before you tell .
That way , your manager will see that pregnancy has n't affected your performance .
Tell your boss first If you talk to any of your peers before your boss , word will get around and you will look unprofessional .
Keep up with your work Unless you have extreme morning sickness or other medical issues , you should be able to continue to do your work as usual .
Do n't play " pregnant princess " , and expect people to wait on you .
Know how your job will be affected Does your due date coincide with a major project deadline ?
Do you need to change business travel plans ?
Figure out how to keep things ticking without you before talking with your boss .
Research your company 's policies Know corporate policies for maternity leave as well as leave for doctor 's appointments .
Does your company offer unpaid or paid leave ?
How long are you able to be out before you have to return ?
Tell your boss in private Do n't break the news at a water cooler . Ask your boss for a few private words , or invite her for lunch .
Approach your boss when she is n't rushing around or in a terrible mood . Talk about maternity leave You may not know how soon you will want to return to work .
Let your boss know how you can help someone take over your work while you 're on leave .
Tell me , Father , why is there so much pain and darkness in my soul ? 
Why did Teresa 's communication with Jesus , so vivid and nourishing in the months before the founding of the Missionaries , evaporate so suddenly ?
Interestingly , secular and religious explanations travel for a while on parallel tracks .
Both understand ( although only one celebrates ) that identification with Christ 's extended suffering on the Cross , undertaken to redeem humanity , is a key aspect of Catholic spirituality .
Teresa told her nuns that physical poverty ensured empathy in " giving themselves " to the suffering poor and established a stronger bond with Christ 's redemptive agony .
She wrote in 1951 that the Passion was the only aspect of Jesus ' life that she was interested in sharing :
" I want to .. drink ONLY from His chalice of pain " .
And so she did , although by all indications not in a way she had expected .
Kolodiejchuk finds divine purpose in the fact that Teresa 's spiritual spigot went dry just as she prevailed over her church 's perceived hesitations and saw a successful way to realize Jesus ' call for her .
" She was a very strong personality " , he suggests .
" And a strong personality needs stronger purification " as an antidote to pride .
As proof that it worked , he cites her written comment after receiving an important prize in the Philippines in the 1960s :
" This means nothing to me , because I do n't have Him " .
And yet " the question is , Who determined the abandonment she experienced " ?
Richard Gottlieb , a teacher at the New York Psychoanalytic Society &amp; Institute
" Could she have imposed it on herself " ?
Psychologists have long recognized that people of a certain personality type are conflicted about their high achievement and find ways to punish themselves .
Gottlieb notes that Teresa 's ambitions for her ministry were tremendous .
Remarks the priest :
" That 's a kind of daring thing to say " .
Yet her letters are full of inner conflict about her accomplishments .
Rather than simply giving all credit to God , Gottlieb observes , she agonizes incessantly that " any taking credit for her accomplishments  if only internally  is sinful "
and hence , perhaps , requires a price to be paid .
A mild secular analog , he says , might be an executive who commits a horrific social gaffe at the instant of a crucial promotion .
For Teresa , " an occasion for a modicum of joy initiated a significant quantity of misery " ,
and her subsequent successes led her to perpetuate it .
Gottlieb also suggests that starting her ministry " may have marked a turning point in her relationship with Jesus " ,
Being the active party , he speculates , might have scared her , and in the end , the only way to accomplish great things might have been in the permanent and less risky role of the spurned yet faithful lover .
In 1948 , Hitchens ventures , Teresa finally woke up , although she could not admit it .
He likens her to die-hard Western communists late in the cold war :
" There was a huge amount of cognitive dissonance " , he says .
" They thought , ' Jesus , the Soviet Union is a failure , [ but ] I 'm not supposed to think that . It means my life is meaningless .
' They carried on somehow , but the mainspring was gone .
And I think once the mainspring is gone , it can not be repaired " .
Most religious readers will reject that explanation , along with any that makes her the author of her own misery  or even defines it as true misery .
Martin , responding to the torch-song image of Teresa , counterproposes her as the heroically constant spouse .
" Let 's say you 're married and you fall in love and you believe with all your heart that marriage is a sacrament .
And your wife , God forbid , gets a stroke and she 's comatose . And you will never experience her love again .
It 's like loving and caring for a person for 50 years and once in a while you complain to your spiritual director , but you know on the deepest level that she loves you even though she 's silent and that what you 're doing makes sense .
Mother Teresa knew that what she was doing made sense " .
I can 't express in words  the gratitude I owe you for your kindness to me  for the first time in years  I have come to love the darkness 
for I believe now that it is part of a very , very small part of Jesus ' darkness &amp; pain on earth .
You have taught me to accept it as a ' spiritual side of your work ' as you wrote 
Today really I felt a deep joy  that Jesus can 't go anymore through the agony  but that He wants to go through it in me . 
to Neuner , Circa 1961 There are two responses to trauma :
After more than a decade of open-wound agony , Teresa seems to have begun regaining her spiritual equilibrium with the help of a particularly perceptive adviser .
Joseph Neuner , whom she met in the late 1950s and confided in somewhat later , was already a well-known theologian ,
and when she turned to him with her " darkness " ,
he seems to have told her the three things she needed to hear :
that there was no human remedy for it ( that is , she should not feel responsible for affecting it ) ;
that feeling Jesus is not the only proof of his being there , and her very craving for God was a " sure sign " of his " hidden presence " in her life ;
and that the absence was in fact part of the " spiritual side " of her work for Jesus .
This counsel clearly granted Teresa a tremendous sense of release .
For all that she had expected and even craved to share in Christ 's Passion ,
she had not anticipated that she might recapitulate the particular moment on the Cross when he asks , " My God , My God , why have you forsaken me " ?
The idea that rather than a nihilistic vacuum , his felt absence might be the ordeal she had prayed for ,
that her perseverance in its face might echo his faith unto death on the Cross ,
that it might indeed be a grace , enhancing the efficacy of her calling , made sense of her pain .
Neuner would later write , " It was the redeeming experience of her life when she realized that the night of her heart was the special share she had in Jesus ' passion " .
And she thanked Neuner profusely :
" I can 't express in words  the gratitude I owe you for your kindness to me  for the first time in .. years  I have come to love the darkness . "
Years later , describing the joy in Jesus experienced by some of her nuns , she observed dryly to Neuner ,
" I just have the joy of having nothing  not even the reality of the Presence of God [ in the Eucharist " . ]
She described her soul as like an " ice block " .
Yet she recognized Neuner 's key distinction , writing , " I accept not in my feelings  but with my will , the Will of God  I accept His will " .
Says Gottlieb , the psychoanalyst :
" What is remarkable is that she integrated it in a way that enabled her to make it the organizing center of her personality , the beacon for her ongoing spiritual life " .
Certainly , she understood it as essential enough to project it into her afterlife .
" If I ever become a Saint  I will surely be one of ' darkness .
' I will continually be absent from Heaven  to [ light ] the light of those in darkness on earth " ,
But it is , Kolodiejchuk suggests , her most moving statement , since the sacrifice involved is infinite .
" When she wrote , ' I am willing to suffer ..
He contends that the letters reveal her as holier than anyone knew .
However formidable her efforts on Christ 's behalf , it is even more astounding to realize that she achieved them when he was not available to her 
a bit like a person who believes she can 't walk winning the Olympic 100 meters .
Kolodiejchuk goes even further .
Catholic theologians recognize two types of " dark night : " the first is purgative , cleansing the contemplative for a " final union " with Christ ;
That puts her in rarefied company .
Columbia disintegrates as it re-enters the atmosphere , killing the seven astronauts on board and dealing a near - fatal blow to the already troubled space shuttle program .
As it is , it will be more than two years before another shuttle is launched .
Damage to the orbiter 's thermal protection system , which occurred at launch when foam insulation detached from the main propellant tank and struck the left wing , was immediately suspected and quickly confirmed as the cause of the accident .
But as with the Challenger catastrophe in 1986 , NASA itself came in for a great deal of criticism .
In this case , ground control managers were faulted for limiting an onboard investigation of the damage ,
even though engineers had expressed concerns as the mission progressed .
NASA 's rationale  that little could be done to repair the damage regardless of what was found 
didn 't fly with the Columbia Accident Investigation Board , which concluded that ,
although risky , the shuttle Atlantis could have been dispatched to retrieve the crew .
President Bush addressed the nation on the afternoon of Feb . 1 : " This day has brought terrible news and great sadness to the country  .
there are no survivors .
The cause in which they died will continue . Our journey into space will go on " .
It did , but there was a break .
The shuttle program was suspended ( the next shuttle flight did not take place until July 2005 ) and the Russians took over the task of ferrying crews and supplies to the International Space Station .
The Columbia was the oldest shuttle in the fleet , excluding the prototype Enterprise , and was completing its 28th mission at the time of the accident .
Can China cut off the Internet ?
Chinese netizens have expressed concern that their government may only be months away from having the ability to cut them off from overseas websites altogether .
Rumors were rife on the popular chat service QQ this week that China 's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology was stepping up plans
to funnel all Web traffic between China and overseas sites through a single route .
In doing so , the government would have the option to " cut off " China 's Internet from the outside world entirely .
Chinese technology analyst Li Li said that while the rumors were probably exaggerated ,
the government was more likely to be working on ways to limit overseas access to sites it has n't approved in advance , however .
" I think these reports probably are n't correct " , Li said .
" What 's more likely is that the government is compiling a ' whitelist ' of sites " . -
A year ago the cost of Spanish government borrowing soared as euro contagion spread from Greece , Ireland and Portugal .
Panic seemed to subside with central-bank intervention and the promise of a new reforming government in Madrid .
Mariano Rajoy 's government has cut budgets , freed its labour market ,
played its part in countless " make-or-break " summits in Brussels
and secured up to  100 billion ($ 121 billion ) to prop up its banks .
Yet despite all its efforts and pain , Spain cannot shake off that sense of doom .
Spain 's situation today is all the more shocking
because only this month it had announced  65 billion of tax rises and spending cuts and won the funds for its bank rescue .
This was meant to persuade investors that the whole euro zone is serious about keeping Spain .
Yet the message was obliterated by news that the government now expects the recession to last into 2013
and , worse , that it will have to find the money to bail out regions
The economy is in recession , the public sector is cutting spending and the private sector is reluctant to invest .
Spain cannot escape from this trap by itself .
The government has admitted it does not have money to spare , and lenders are starting to doubt its solvency .
a solution requires the currency 's members to draw on their combined strength by mutualising some debt and standing behind their big banks .
But alongside greater federalism , Europe also needs to do something about growth .
Moderating austerity programmes is a priority but so is pursuing the structural reforms to set entrepreneurs free .
Since 1975 the countries now in the euro zone have given birth to just one company currently among the world 's 500 biggest ( ironically it is from Spain :
Even if the governments could today agree on what to do , haggling over the details , holding referendums and amending constitutions could easily take three years .
The trouble is that the 17 members of the euro zone cannot agree on who must sacrifice what to allow this new Europe to emerge .
As for the debtors , in Greece voters are drifting from the centre to the political extremes .
In Italy Mario Monti is the best prime minister in decades ,
but he is unelected , increasingly unpopular ,
and ever less able to see through the reforms his country needs .
The euro zone is stagnating The crisis is engendering a combination of public - sector austerity and private - sector uncertainty .
Investors hold back because they perceive some risk of a huge loss . Consumers save for the next rainy day .
For as long as the catastrophic collapse of the euro zone remains a real possibility , it is hard to see that changing .
Perhaps the politicians will be shocked into action , by a euro - zone bank run , a chaotic Greek exit , or flight from Italian government debt .
But Europe 's leaders will find it increasingly hard to drag their people along with them .
This is the deeper lesson of Spain 's nightmare : delay is worsening the odds of the euro surviving .
The time has come , the walrus said , to talk of many things ,
of tears and faked smiles and dead Hollywood montages , and actresses who think they can sing .
Listen up , Academy awards :
I have been watching you for a long time .
Longer than best supporting actress nominee Hailee Steinfeld has been alive ,
so I know whereof I speak when I say this year 's event was not just bad  it was boring .
And that 's worse .
But I really do love you , Oscars , and I want to ensure your survival .
So here , in the style of a presenter who is not Anne Hathaway ,
I would like to present the 10 Commandments of what must and must not be allowed to happen next year .
Do n't let Anne Hathaway present ever again Let 's begin , Inception style , with a list within a list : what were the worst Hathaway moments of the night ?
The way she cried " woop " every time someone came on stage , suggesting she had been filling her hours by watching Girls Gone Wild ?
When she announced that the best thing about hosting the Oscars was " getting to breathe the same air as [ Oprah ? " ]
Blew kisses at Kirk Douglas ?
Used the word " hip " with an apparent lack of irony ?
Her  or , to be more precise , her stylist Rachel Zoe's 
desire to placate every fashion designer in the world by changing into a new dress every ( by my reckoning ) two seconds ,
thereby distracting the audience from the event by making them imagine all the ugly long gowns piling up backstage in Hathaway 's wake ?
And the winner is . . .
the shouts of " woop " !
She expressed lustful feelings for " Marky Mark , " and while I personally preferred the Funky Bunch ,
and Betty White might have cornered the " old lady who talks dirty " market ,
Granny Franco did well and probably got the best laugh of the night . 3 .
But if you 're going to insist on having bad presenters , do n't remind people of the good ones
It 's bad enough that every presenter AC ( After Crystal ) has insisted on doing the " comedy movie montage " in which they insert themselves into the nominated films ,
a trick Crystal coined and mastered in his glory days as presenter .
But whoever thought it would be a good idea to bring Crystal himself out on stage this year for a guest presenting slot is someone who hates Hathaway and Franco a lot . 4 .
Gwyneth Paltrow pretending to be from Nashville and singing in a faux southern accent
and Kevin Spacey breaking into song for no obvious reason does n't have you attempting to scrape out your own eardrums , you are a stronger Oscars viewer than me .
And by the way , Gwyneth , maybe you should ask Chris Martin for singing lessons .
Wow , never thought I 'd say that . 5 .
Reinstate the tactless cutaway shots Perhaps as part of the Academy 's campaign this year to be more cool
or , in Hathaway 's words , " hip , " there were fewer of the gauche cutaway shots for which the Oscars are so rightly renowned .
You know the ones :
the close-ups on the losers during the winner 's speech , the quick cut to Morgan Freeman when someone makes a faintly racial joke ( " He 's laughing ! So it 's not racist . ) " !
We did get some good ones :
Annette Bening on the verge of tears of disappointment when Natalie Portman went up on stage ;
Helena Bonham Carter saying ( correctly , as it turned out ) to her seat neighbour , " I wo n't win " during the best supporting actress announcements ;
Harvey Weinstein glowering menacingly every time any movie other than The King 's Bloody Speech was mentioned ;
Justin Timberlake only starting to laugh at Randy Newman 's speech when he noticed the camera was on him  but it was not enough .
Part of the problem was that the hosts were so boring so there was little to react to .
But some of those unfortunate pauses were excellent ! Maybe the Unfortunate Pause is the new Awkward Cutaway Shot ?
There were some great moments when stage fright or , more likely , wonky teleprompters led to some potential misunderstandings .
Better , though , was the adorable duo from The Social Network , Angus Wall and Kirk Baxter , who won for best editing .
They hugged one another on stage
and then thanked their " wives who allow us to have incredibly passionate love affairs with . . . "
Each other ? " Our families and our work " .
Can we please have a word about Kirk Douglas ?
If you found yourself asking at some point , " Holy Jehosophat , why on earth is Kirk Douglas presenting the best supporting actress award , " ?
I shall explain :
it 's because last year 's supporting actors winners , Mo'Nique and Christoph Waltz , were , respectively , being difficult and away working .
But if there 's one thing worse than getting less work as one ages in Hollywood ,
it is surely being blinded by the condescension dripping from the smiles of
the likes of Jude Law when you are brought up on stage in a manner that can only be described as " token and patronising . "
Perhaps it is preferable to having one 's passing honoured by a Celine Dion performance
( who appeared to be struggling to move her forehead , which must be a problem for a known emoter like Dion , )
as poor Tony Curtis and his fellow RIPs had to endure .
Do n't reveal the winner before the envelope is actually open Academy , we know you love the royals .
That orchestra needs a raise God bless the Academy awards orchestra .
Heretofore , the orchestra merely annoyed me , mainly because it is so blatantly snobby :
while best actors and best actresses get about three hours in which to thank everyone they 've ever known ( tip o ' the tiara , Natalie Portman , ) the poor sound technicians etc get about five seconds .
Encourage more male hair eccentricities
While I appreciate that the general consensus was that it was  as the parlance has it  " The King 's Speech 's night , "
or maybe even , as Franco said , " a good year for lesbians , "
the truth is , this year 's Academy awards were all about amazing male hair .
The dominating image of the night will be Christian Bale , working the long hair / long beard look ( note to Christian :
when you 're trying to improve your public image after some unfortunate footage on the internet , maybe do n't take personal style tips from Charles Manson . )
And the dominating questions will be , why is Christian 's beard a different colour from his hair ?
An Oscar ?
That kid needs a shampoo contract .
In the final year of my presidency , I began to think seriously about writing my memoirs .
On the recommendation of Karl Rove , I met with more than adozen distinguished historians .
they told me I had an obligation to write .
They felt it was important that I record my perspective on the presidency , in my own words .
" Have you ever seen the movie Apollo 13 " ?
the historian Jay Winik asked .
" Everyone knows the astronauts make it home in the end .
But you 're at the edge of your seat wondering how they do it " .
Nearly all the historians suggested that I read Memoirs by President Ulysses S . Grant , which I did .
The book captures his distinctive voice .
He uses anecdotes to re-create his experience during the Civil War .
I could see why his work had endured .
Like Grant , I decided not to write an exhaustive account of my life or presidency .
Instead I have told the story of my time in the White House by focusing on the most important part of the job : making decisions .
Each chapter is based on a major decision or a series of related decisions .
As a result , the book flows thematically , not in a day-by-day chronology .
I do not cover all of the important issues that crossed my desk .
Many devoted members of my Cabinet and staff are mentioned briefly or not at all .
I value their service , and I will always be grateful for their contributions .
My goals in writing this book are two fold .
First , I hope to paint a picture of what it was like to serve as president for eight consequential years .
I believe it will be impossible to reach definitive conclusions about my presidency  or any recent presidency , for that matter  for several decades .
The passage of time allows passions to cool , results to clarify , and scholars to compare different approaches .
My hope is that this book will serve as a resource for anyone studying this period in American history .
Second , I write to give readers a perspective on decision making in a complex environment .
Many of the decisions that reach the president 's desk are tough calls , with strong arguments on both sides .
Through out the book , I describe the options I weighed and the principles I followed .
I hope this will give you a better sense of why I made the decisions I did .
Perhaps it will even prove useful as you make choices in your own life . Decision Points is based primarily on my recollections .
With help from researchers , I have confirmed my account with government documents , contemporaneous notes , personal interviews , news reports , and other sources , some of which remain classified .
There were instances in which I had to rely on my memory alone .
If there are inaccuracies in this book , the responsibility is mine .
In the pages that follow , I have done my best to write about the decisions I got right ,
those I got wrong , and what I would do differently if given the chance .
Of course , in the presidency , there are no do-overs . You have to do what you believe is right and accept the consequences .
I tried to do that every day of my eight years in office .
Serving as president was the honor of a lifetime , and I appreciate your giving me an opportunity to share my story .
Let me begin with a quote from an article that my old friend Ralph Raico wrote some 15 years ago :
Ludwig von Mises and F . A . Hayek are widely considered the most eminent classical liberal thinkers of this century .
They are also the two best known Austrian economists .
They were great scholars and great men .
I was lucky to have them both as my teachers 
Yet it is clear that the world treats them very differently .
Mises was denied the Nobel Prize for economics , which Hayek won the year after Mises 's death .
Hayek is occasionally anthologized and read in college courses , when a spokesman for free enterprise absolutely can not be avoided ;
Mises is virtually unknown in American academia .
Even among organizations that support the free market in a general way , it is Hayek who is honored and invoked , while Mises is ignored or pushed into the background .
I want to speculate  and present a thesis  why this is so and explain why I  and I take it most of us here  take a very different view .
Why I ( and presumably you ) are Misesians and not Hayekians .
My thesis is that Hayek 's greater prominence has little if anything to do with his economics .
There is little difference in Mises 's and Hayek 's economics .
Indeed , most economic ideas associated with Hayek were originated by Mises , and this fact alone would make Mises rank far above Hayek as an economist .
But most of today 's professed Hayekians are not trained economists .
Few have actually read the books that are responsible for Hayek 's initial fame as an economist , i.e. , his Monetary Theory and the Trade Cycle and his Prices and Production .
And I venture the guess that there exist no more than 10 people alive today who have studied , from cover to cover , his Pure Theory of Capital .
Rather , what explains Hayek 's greater prominence is Hayek 's work , mostly in the second half of his professional life , in the field of political philosophy 
and here , in this field , the difference between Hayek and Mises is striking indeed .
My thesis is essentially the same one also advanced by my friend Ralph Raico :
Hayek is not a classical liberal at all , or a " Radikalliberaler " as the NZZ , as usual clueless , has just recently referred to him .
Hayek is actually a moderate social democrat , and since we live in the age of social democracy , this makes him a " respectable " and " responsible " scholar .
Hayek , as you may recall , dedicated his Road to Serfdom to " the socialists in all parties " .
And the socialists in all parties now pay him back in using Hayek to present themselves as " liberals " .
Now to the proof , and I rely for this mostly on the Constitution of Liberty , and his three volume Law , Legislation , and Liberty which are generally regarded as Hayek 's most important contributions to the field of political theory .
According to Hayek , government is " necessary " to fulfill the following tasks :
not merely for " law enforcement " and " defense against external enemies "
but " in an advanced society government ought to use its power of raising funds by taxation to provide a number of services which for various reasons cannot be provided , or cannot be provided adequately , by the market " .
( Because at all times an infinite number of goods and services exist that the market does not provide , Hayek hands government a blank check ) .
Among these goods and services are
protection against violence , epidemics , or such natural forces as floods and avalanches , but also many of the amenities which make life in modern cities tolerable , most roads 
the provision of standards of measure , and of many kinds of information ranging from land registers , maps and statistics to the certification of the quality of some goods or services offered in the market .
Additional government functions include " the assurance of a certain minimum income for everyone ; "
government should " distribute its expenditure over time in such a manner that it will step in when private investment flags ; "
it should finance schools and research as well as enforce " building regulations , pure food laws , the certification of certain professions , the restrictions on the sale of certain dangerous goods ( such as arms , explosives , poisons and drugs , ) as well as some safety and health regulations for the processes of production ;
and the provision of such public institutions as theaters , sports grounds , etc ; " .
and it should make use of the power of " eminent domain " to enhance the " public good " .
Moreover , it generally holds that " there is some reason to believe that with the increase in general wealth and of the density of population , the share of all needs that can be satisfied only by collective action will continue to grow " .
Further , government should implement an extensive system of compulsory insurance ( " coercion intended to forestall greater coercion , ) "
public , subsidized housing is a possible government task ,
and likewise " city planning " and " zoning " are considered appropriate government functions  provided that " the sum of the gains exceed the sum of the losses " .
And lastly , " the provision of amenities of or opportunities for recreation , or the preservation of natural beauty or of historical sites or scientific interest  Natural parks , nature-reservations , etc " . are legitimate government tasks .
In addition , Hayek insists we recognize that it is irrelevant how big government is or if and how fast it grows .
What alone is important is that government actions fulfill certain formal requirements .
" It is the character rather than the volume of government activity that is important " .
Taxes as such and the absolute height of taxation are not a problem for Hayek .
Taxes  and likewise compulsory military service  lose their character as coercive measures ,
if they are at least predictable and are enforced irrespective of how the individual would otherwise employ his energies ;
this deprives them largely of the evil nature of coercion .
If the known necessity of paying a certain amount of taxes becomes the basis of all my plans ,
if a period of military service is a foreseeable part of my career , then I can follow a general plan of life of my own making and am as independent of the will of another person as men have learned to be in society .
But please , it must be a proportional tax and general military service !
I could go on and on , citing Hayek 's muddled and contradictory definitions of freedom and coercion , but that shall suffice to make my point .
I am simply asking :
what socialist and what green could have any difficulties with all this ?
Following Hayek , they can all proudly call themselves liberals .
In distinct contrast , how refreshingly clear  and very different  is Mises !
For him , the definition of liberalism can be condensed into a single term : private property .
The state , for Mises , is legalized force , and its only function is to defend life and property by beating antisocial elements into submission .
As for the rest , government is " the employment of armed men , of policemen , gendarmes , soldiers , prison guards , and hangmen .
The essential feature of government is the enforcement of its decrees by beating , killing , and imprisonment .
Those who are asking for more government interference are asking ultimately for more compulsion and less freedom " .
Moreover ( and this is for those who have not read much of Mises but invariably pipe up , " but even Mises is not an anarchist , ) "
certainly the younger Mises allows for unlimited secession , down to the level of the individual , if one comes to the conclusion that government is not doing what it is supposed to do : to protect life and property .
And the older Mises never repudiated this position .
Mises , then , as my own intellectual master , Murray Rothbard , noted , is a laissez-faire radical : an extremist .
One of the features in common between the phone hacking scandal , the various banking scams and the latest row , over the failure of G4S ,
is that the men at the top claim not to have known what was going on .
OK , you can not expect the top person to know all the details of what their subordinates are up to .
So what can we expect ?
I would suggest two things .
The first responsibility of a leader , whether it is in business , the church or politics is to appoint people they can trust to be honest and competent .
Secondly , given the fact that there are bound to be some human failures , to ensure that the fail safe mechanisms for detecting dishonesty and incompetence are firmly in place and ready to detect something going wrong at an early stage .
It is quite possible for a person at the top not to know personally about a particular failure but still to regard themselves as rightly responsible .
So we can also have such a thing as an honourable resignation and I think of the resignation of Lord Carrington in 1982 over the invasion of the Falklands .
Accountability is a key concept not just for people in business or politics but for everyone .
There is a powerful statement of Jesus which goes " To whom much is given , much will be expected . " -
and he made it quite clear that every human being is ultimately accountable on this basis .
Which is a rather scary idea .
Certainly the church in the past rammed this home in an unpleasantly threatening manner .
I find it more helpful to think of this accountability in terms of a story about our life which we can tell to someone whose judgement we deeply respect .
Each one of us has a unique story , which only we can recount .
Some will feel that life has dealt them a good hand .
For example , in his recent memoirs , the former editor of The Times , William Rees Mogg says that his earliest memory is at the age of 3 standing on a hill overlooking his parent ' s house and feeling " I am very much myself , am William Rees Mogg and that this is a good thing to be " .
For others the experience has been very different .
A man suddenly started to turn up to services at the church where I was serving and when I go to know him he told me his history .
He had been abandoned by his parents and brought up by his grandparents who were addicts .
His earliest memory is of them crawling around the floor .
For years he did this and that including being a male prostitute .
Then , when he had told me all this he exclaimed " Out of this mess has come me . "
Wherever we have come from , what we end up with is a me with a story - what has made us happy and what sad , where we feel we have made a contribution and where we might have failed .
Its our tale , our account of ourselves , which we can tell , if not to a friend , at least to ourselves .
London ( CNN ) -- Cheaper and lighter compared to its more expensive , cumbersome silicon cousin , plastic photovoltaics ( PV ) could herald a revolution in the solar power market , according to a UK solar panel expert .
" Plastics are much cheaper to process than silicon .
In principle the devices we 've been making might be very , very cheap and cover large areas " , said David Lidzey from the UK's University of Sheffield .
Unlike rigid silicon panels , plastic ( or organic ) PV is far more flexible making it easier to install , which Lidzey says could hand it a huge advantage .
" If you 've got panels that almost roll up like a big sheet of wallpaper then that might be a very good way of powering developing countries " , he said
Polymer solar panels differ from most commercial plastics like polythene which are essentially insulators .
Turning them from a material that prevents conductivity into ones that promote it requires chemists to " tweak their molecular structure " , says Lidzey .
But he says some everyday plastic products are n't a million miles away from the plastic PV he 's researching .
" If you look at a ( chip ) packet , what you 've got is a plastic film , a few layers of inks and a printed metal layer to keep the materials fresh .
Rearrange the order of those layers and you get to a structure that 's very similar to the PV devices we 're looking at " , Lidzey said .
One of the leading lights in developing plastic PV is U.S.-based tech company , Konarka who are already applying their " Power Plastic " technology to a wide range of products including luggage and parasols .
Larger arrays are also being fitted to street furniture ,
as can be seen with San Francisco 's bus shelters .
Researchers are also hopeful that buildings could also get the plastic treatment in the future .
In 2009 , Konarka installed a " curtain wall " to an outside section of its Florida offices as part of a pilot project .
Plastic PV , say the company , can absorb sunlight from " all sorts of ranges " allowing it to be installed onto vertical walls .
Founded in 2001 , Konarka are one of many companies trying to perfect the technology .
And the news is increasingly promising .
But there are some issues to be resolved before plastic can truly find its place in the sun .
Whereas silicon has an efficiency of around 15 - 18 , % plastic devices can only achieve 7 - 8 % at best , currently .
Problems also remain with operational lifetime .
Silicon devices will generally last around 20 years and are very stable , Lidzey says .
Organic-based ( plastic ) systems are less so , degrading much more quickly .
But things are improving .
" There is a lot of activity to find out what the mechanisms are by which these materials degrade so we can produce better packaging materials to prevent this " , Lidzey said .
He concedes there is some way to go before plastic PV catches up with silicon 's superior efficiency and durability ,
but even that might not be an issue , he says .
" The idea is that you might not need to catch up provided you can make them cheap enough " , he said .
" My guess is that it will be between five and ten years , and then we will see a significant volume of devices being made from plastic " .
What Caused The Financial Crisis ?
The FCIC 's Democratic chairman ( left ) and Republican vice chairman can 't agree on what caused the crisis .
The big report from the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission is due out tomorrow , and the NYT got a sneak peak .
Bottom line , according to the article :
The 2008 financial crisis was an " avoidable " disaster caused by widespread failures in government regulation , corporate mismanagement and heedless risk-taking by Wall Street ..
At least , that 's the bottom line according to the six commission members appointed by Democrats .
Two separate , dissenting reports are coming from the four members of the commission appointed by Republicans , the NYT says .
One report will focus on a " narrower set of causes ,
" the other on " policies to promote home ownership " .
This dissension has been clear for while now ;
back in December , the Republican - appointed commission members released their own " primer " on the financial crisis .
There was even partisan debate over banning certain words  " Wall Street " , " deregulation " and " shadow banking "  from the final report .
The FCIC was supposed to deliver a single , definitive story along the lines of the widely praised 9/11 Commission Report .
But the partisan split means the nation won 't get anything of the sort .
We 'll have more on the FCIC 's dueling narratives later this week .
In other FCIC news :
The FCIC concluded that " several financial industry figures appear to have broken the law " , the Huffington Post reported .
The commission referred " multiple cases to state or federal authorities for potential prosecution " .
No names have emerged yet .
Energy Shortage Leaves South Koreans Cold As the temperatures dropped
And let 's get an update now on South Korea , where temperatures dipped to zero degrees Fahrenheit over the weekend .
That 's the lowest they 've been in almost a century .
And as the temperatures drop , the country has struggled to keep up with the increased demand for electricity .
South Koreans don 't have a lot of excess capacity .
And if the country continues using energy at this rate , government officials say that some regions could face a blackout .
So , the government has ordered workplaces to keep the thermostat at 64 degrees or lower through the end of the month .
Space heaters are banned .
And during some hours of the day , the heat must be turned off altogether .
" The Christian Science Monitor " reports that workers have been advised that if they don 't like it , they can always go to work in thermal underwear .
You 're listening to MORNING EDITION , from NPR News .
This modern modular lounge chair is not designed to be a stationary object ,
but a transforming piece of furniture art that changes shape on a whim .
The frame of this lounge chair folds upon itself into seven different seating positions including the arm chair shown above and the chaise lounge and bench chair below .
Designer Balint Kormos crafted this chair as his diploma work for the University of West Hungary , which was presented to the Hungarian Design Awards in the Museum of Applied Arts .
The chair features five frame sections with interwoven rope and leather cushion pads .
The frame itself is made of a dark - stained wood and connected with brass hinges .
This hinges allow for quick folding between positions , allowing its occupant to change the layout to their desired shape .
The design itself feels more classic than contemporary , but the functionality of the design gives it a modern classification .
The ease of its personalization and the rarity of its offering make it more of a room centerpiece than a mere addition , a work of furniture art in itself .
Kormos has not mass - produced this chair , nor is there any news of future production as yet .
Having created this as a student project , we 're hoping that Kormos ' career brings many more modular and modern furniture designs to the market .
Nice work , Balint !
China used to be one of the world 's leading naval powers .
But in the 1400 's , the isolationist Ming Dynasty ordered China 's large fleets dismantled and its ports closed .
The next time Chinese warships put to sea was during the Sino - Japanese War of 1894 when they were quickly demolished by the Imperial Japanese Navy .
Now , China is back as a rising sea power .
We are still so steeped in Cold War
thinking that the prospect of US naval power no longer having a free run in the North Pacific is causing shock and deep consternation in Washington even though this development was perfectly predictable and inevitable .
Ever since 1945 , the North Pacific has been pretty much America 's " mare nostrum " .
The powerful US 7th Fleet policed the region 's waters , ready to intervene along the coasts of China , Taiwan , Korea and Japan .
Both the Korean War and Vietnam War were supported by the 7th Fleet 's carrier battle groups and surface warships .
Our imperial mode of thinking says
it 's right and normal for the US Navy to enforce and protect America 's maritime interests , oil supplies and world trade .
But when another power seeks to do the same  in this case China , which now imports more oil by sea than the US  cries of alarm are sounded .
It was precisely this type of thinking that led to Anglo - German naval rivalry , a key factor in unleashing World War I .
Now the US and India are raising alarms about China 's still modest blue water navy .
Until recently , no naval force in the Pacific or Indian Ocean could challenge the US Navy .
But the steady increase in China 's military power over the past three decades has given the People 's Republic the capability of at least blunting the 7th Fleet 's power in China 's waters , or even driving it far away from the mainland .
China 's growing challenge to US domination of the North Pacific became ever more evident last week as the People 's Republic revealed a new , long-ranged , radar-evading stealth aircraft , the J - 20 .
The J - 20 is likely five years from deployment .
Its radar-evading ability is unknown , and probably no match for the operational US F-22 stealth fighter .
But this news has been the biggest cause of dismay to the US Navy since a Chinese attack submarine embarrassingly popped up in the middle of a US Navy fleet exercise off China .
China has also managed to deploy 60 modern submarines , a small number nuclear-powered ,
that are silent and deadly , in contrast to China 's older generation of noisy , vulnerable subs .
Adding to US concerns , China has completed an unfinished Soviet aircraft carrier , " Varyag " , that it brought from Ukraine a decade ago .
This writer has been observing its completion at the northern Chinese port of Dalian .
Two new , 50,000 - ton aircraft carriers are being built in Shanghai , to be launched 2014 and 2020 .
The new Chinese carriers will likely be equipped with Chinese-made naval fighters or naval versions of the formidable Russian Sukhoi warplanes .
Developing aircraft carriers and properly training their crews can take generations .
China is only at the first day in school .
US carriers are one of the world 's most elaborate creations :
100,000 ton floating cities with a million barrels of fuel in their holds , massive amounts of explosives , and highly skilled crews operating 24/7 like clockwork .
I sailed aboard the US carrier " Abraham Lincoln " and even as a veteran war correspondent , I was awed by the professionalism and skill of its crew and the complexity of this gigantic creation .
But the US Navy is currently more concerned about China 's rapidly-growing arsenal of anti - ship missiles than Chinese aircraft carriers .
Last year 's impressive military parade at Beijing displayed a new generation of powerful anti - ship missiles that can be launched from land , sea , air , and underwater .
In addition , the US Navy is very worried about China 's work on a new ballistic missile , the DF - 21D ,
that can reportedly be launched from mobile , shore-based launchers and hit large , moving targets at sea .
The DF - 21D is said to be vectored into its target by satellite , aircraft , surface vessels , submarines or drone aircraft .
Even with doubtful accuracy , such anti - ship ballistic missiles could keep the US Navy far out at sea .
Carriers and their escorts cost $ 25 billion  they are too expensive and fragile to risk .
Yet these mighty carriers are the ultimate expression of American power in the region .
Over the past decade , China has been slowly building the capability to force the US Navy away from its coasts and deep in the Pacific .
Beijing was horrified and mortified when during the 1996 Taiwan crisis , a US battle group led by the carrier " Nimitz " boldly sailed down the Taiwan Strait almost within sight of mainland China .
Imagine if a Chinese naval battle group sailed off New York 's Long Island , into the Florida Strait off Cuba , or in the Gulf of Mexico ?
The US would erupt in fury .
But this is what the US Navy has been doing off China for half a century .
Now , Beijing 's new anti - ship missiles are putting US carrier battle groups at grave risk if they come too close to the mainland .
This writer has observed numerous naval simulation war games and can attest that no surface vessels , particularly not huge carriers , can withstand barrages of high-speed anti - ship missiles fired from 360 degrees .
Some will eventually leak through the US Navy 's layered defenses .
In war , offense almost always commands a decisive advantage over defense .
Just one large , high-speed anti - ship missile could put a carrier out of action .
Both the Chinese and Indian Navies have deployed such powerful anti - ship missiles specifically configured to damage or sink large aircraft carriers .
However , the US Navy is run by carrier admirals who are as loathe to junk their flattops as were battleship admirals early in World War II .
The answer clearly is less super-carriers and more small vessels with remotely piloted aircraft .
But that sea change will only come slowly .
Meanwhile , the US must clearly adjust to China 's growing military strength .
The days when the US Navy could rule China 's coasts and rivers are long gone .
China is set on enforcing a 300 - mile strategic maritime limit
and is increasingly pressing claims to large areas of its coastal waters
that has alarmed its neighbors and Washington .
The US and China are clearly risking future naval or aerial clashes unless they develop a modus vivendi regulating naval operations in the seas around China .
Inevitably , this will mean a more restrained US naval presence in the North Pacific .
US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates was in Beijing this week to conduct talks on this very important issue .
Redefining the Sino - American naval and overall strategic relationship and the question of Taiwan is one of America 's most urgent policy issues .
Solar energy brings power to rural Africa ( CNN ) -- In rural communities of Africa -- where more than 95 percent of homes have no access to electricity -- solar energy has the power to transform lives .
Globally , 1.5 billion people , one quarter of the world's population , live without electricity , according to a United Nations report .
Those who can afford any power at all spend large proportions of their income on kerosene for lamps or travel to larger towns to charge their batteries several times a week .
Burning kerosene contributes to indoor air pollution , which is estimated to kill 1.6 million people each year .
Kerosene lamps also lead to fires that cause severe burns and deaths .
Solar energy saves families money as well as allowing children to study in the evenings and giving families access to information through radio and television and mobile phone chargers .
The light from a solar-powered bulb is also between 10 and 20 times brighter than from a kerosene lamp .
Among those bringing solar power to the world 's poor is Rural Energy Foundation , a Dutch non-profit organization .
It has now helped 450,000 people in sub-SaharanAfricagain access to low-cost solar power .
Rural Energy Foundation runs the SolarNow program , training independent retailers and technicians in nine countries to sell low-cost solar gadgets or home systems to people without electricity .
Last month , the organization was one of the international winners of the Ashden Awards for Sustainable Energy .
Willem Nolens , director of Rural Energy Foundation , said :
" Lack of access to energy -- just as lack of clean drinking water -- is a cause of poverty , not just a result of poverty . "
Gaining access to electricity can be really life-changing .
People can increase their productivity , children can study , read books and watch television , which allows them to be connected to the world .
" Whole villages can become self-sufficient once someone has a home solar system " .
Rural Energy Foundation supports 250 independent local retailers in Burkina Faso , Ethiopia , Ghana , Mali , Tanzania , Uganda , Senegal , Mozambique and Zambia .
It does not provide the equipment , but identifies retailers and distributors and trains them in solar energy technology , marketing , sales and business administration , to help them to grow their own businesses .
Rural Energy Foundation also helps customers to access loans to pay for solar systems , which can usually be repaid within a year or two from the savings made on kerosene or charging batteries .
A full solar home system typically costs between $ 250 and $ 630 , and a solar lamp between $ 25 and $ 40 .
Local entrepreneurs can choose their own manufacturers and importers , but Rural Energy Foundation checks their quality and withdraws its support from retailers selling sub-standard products .
Ronald Schuurhuizen , Rural Energy Foundation's country co-coordinator in Uganda , said :
" It 's a hard life for people in rural areas of Uganda .
Most people are subsistence farmers , collect scarce firewood for cooking , go to sleep when it gets dark and hardly ever travel out of their own areas . "
If you need to charge batteries , that often involves cycling 10 or 20 kilometers over hilly terrain to a charging station in a main town .
" The most important difference solar power makes for most people is the ability to charge mobile phones .
Most of Africa has mobile coverage but most people have no way of charging phones . "
For those who can , it can change their lives .
They can keep in touch with friends and family , and those in cities can use their mobile phones to send money to relatives in rural areas .
" Access to television is also life-changing for many people .
Whole villages will crowd around a television set to watch the news . It opens up the world for them " .
Rural Energy Foundation is not alone in bringing solar power to the world 's poor .
D.light , the gold winner of this year 's Ashden Awards and one of the brands sold by Rural Energy Foundation 's retailers , has sold more than 220,000 solar lanterns in 32 countries , particularly in India and East Africa , benefiting around 1.1 million people .
D.light produces three different models of solar lanterns costing between $ 10 and $ 45 .
Meanwhile , the American inventor Stephen Katsaros and his company Nokero claim to have developed the world 's first solar light bulb . The Nokero went on the market in June this year and it has already been tried in 33 countries .
" We 've done everything we can to make this solar bulb affordable and long-lasting so the people who need it can afford it , and reap the benefits " , said Katsaros .
" There are so many ways this product can change lives :
It can help keep families and shopkeepers safe , help students study at night , eradicate indoor pollution , and reduce worldwide carbon emissions " .
Shining a Light on the Genome 's ' Dark Matter '
It used to seem so straightforward .
The instructions came in chapters called genes .
Strands of DNA 's chemical cousin RNA served as molecular messengers , carrying orders to the cells ' protein factories and translating them into action .
Between the genes lay long stretches of " junk DNA " , incoherent , useless , and inert .
That was then .
In fact , gene regulation has turned out to be a surprisingly complex process governed by various types of regulatory DNA , which may lie deep in the wilderness of supposed " junk " .
Far from being humble messengers , RNAs of all shapes and sizes are actually powerful players in how genomes operate .
Finally , there 's been increasing recognition of the widespread role of chemical alterations called epigenetic factors that can influence the genome across generations without changing the DNA sequence itself .
The scope of this " dark genome " became apparent in 2001 , when the human genome was first published .
Scientists expected to find as many as 100,000 genes packed into the 3 billion bases of human DNA ;
they were startled to learn that there were fewer than 35,000 .
( The current count is 21,000 ) .
Protein-coding regions accounted for just 1.5 % of the genome .
Could the rest of our DNA really just be junk ?
The deciphering of the mouse genome in 2002 showed that there must be more to the story .
Mice and people turned out to share not only many genes but also vast stretches of noncoding DNA .
To have been " conserved " throughout the 75 million years since the mouse and human lineages diverged , those regions were likely to be crucial to the organisms ' survival .
Edward Rubin and Len Pennacchio of the Joint Genome Institute in Walnut Creek , California , and colleagues figured out that some of this conserved DNA helps regulate genes , sometimes from afar , by testing it for function in transgenic mouse embryos .
Studies by the group and others suggested that noncoding regions were littered with much more regulatory DNA than expected .
Further evidence that noncoding DNA is vital has come from studies of genetic risk factors for disease .
In large-scale searches for single-base differences between diseased and healthy individuals , about 40 % of the disease-related differences show up outside of genes .
Genetic dark matter also loomed large when scientists surveyed exactly which DNA was being transcribed , or decoded , into RNA .
Scientists thought that most RNA in a cell was messenger RNA generated by protein-coding genes , RNA in ribosomes , or a sprinkling of other RNA elsewhere .
But surveys by Thomas Gingeras , now at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York , and Michael Snyder , now at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , found a lot more RNA than expected , as did an analysis of mouse RNA by Yoshihide Hayashizaki of the RIKEN Omics Science Center in Japan and colleagues .
Other researchers were skeptical , but confirmation soon came from Ewan Birney of the European Bioinformatics Institute and the Encyclopedia of DNA Elements project , which aims to determine the function of every base in the genome .
The 2007 pilot results were eye-opening :
Chromosomes harbored many previously unsuspected sites where various proteins bound  possible hotbeds of gene regulation or epigenetic effects .
Strikingly , about 80 % of the cell 's DNA showed signs of being transcribed into RNA .
What the RNA was doing was unclear .
Other studies revealed that RNA plays a major role in gene regulation and other cellular functions .
The story started to unfold in the late 1990s , when plant researchers and nematode biologists learned to use small RNA molecules to shut down genes .
Called RNA interference ( RNAi , ) the technique has become a standard way to control gene activity in a variety of species , earning a Nobel Prize in 2006 .
To understand RNAi and RNA in general , researchers began isolating and studying RNA molecules just 21 to 30 bases long .
It turned out that such " small RNAs " can interfere with messenger RNA , destabilizing it .
Four papers in 2002 showed that small RNAs also affect chromatin , the complex of proteins and DNA that makes up chromosomes , in ways that might further control gene activity .
In one study , yeast missing certain small RNAs failed to divide properly .
Other studies have linked these tiny pieces of RNA to cancer and to development .
The surprises did n't stop at small RNAs .
In 2007 , a group led by Howard Chang of Stanford and John Rinn , now at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston , pinned down a gene-regulating function by so-called large intervening noncoding RNAs .
Rinn and colleagues later determined that the genome contained about 1600 of these lincRNAs .
They and other researchers think this type of RNA will prove as important as protein-coding genes in cell function .
Many mysteries about the genome 's dark matter are still under investigation .
Even so , the overall picture is clear :
10 years ago , genes had the spotlight all to themselves .
Now they have to share it with a large , and growing , ensemble .
Kernel development is not an easy task .
This is a testament to your programming expertise :
To develop a kernel is to say that you understand how to create software that interfaces with and manages the hardware .
A kernel is designed to be a central core to the operating system - the logic that manages the resources that the hardware has to offer .
One of the most important system resources that you need to manage is the processor or CPU - this is in the form of allotting time for specific operations , and possibly interrupting a task or process when it is time for another scheduled event to happen .
This implies multitasking .
There is cooperative multitasking , in which the program itself calls a ' yield ' function when it wants to give up processing time to the next runnable process or task .
There is preemptive multitasking , where the system timer is used to interrupt the current process to switch to a new process :
a form of forcive switch , this more guarantees that a process can be given a chunk of time to run .
There are several scheduling algorithms used in order to find out what process will be run next .
The simplest of which is called ' Round Robin . '
This is where you simply get the next process in the list , and choose that to be runnable .
A more complicated scheduler involves ' priorities , ' where certain higher-priority tasks are allowed more time to run than a lower-priority task .
This is designed to guarantee that a certain process will be allowed at least a set number of timer ticks to run .
Ultimately , this number one resource calculates to time .
The next most important resource in the system is fairly obvious :
Memory .
There are some times where memory can be more precious than CPU time , as memory is limited , however CPU time is not .
You can either code your kernel to be memory - efficient , yet require a lot of CPU , or CPU efficient by using memory to store caches and buffers to ' remember ' commonly used items instead of looking them up .
The best approach would be a combination of the two :
Strive for the best memory usage , while preserving CPU time .
The last resource that your kernel needs to manage are hardware resources .
This includes Interrupt Requests ( IRQs , ) which are special signals that hardware devices like the keyboard and hard disk can use to tell the CPU to execute a certain routine to handle the data that these devices have ready .
Another hardware resource is Direct Memory Access ( DMA ) channels .
A DMA channel allows a device to lock the memory bus and transfer it 's data directly into system memory whenever it needs to , without halting the processor 's execution .
This is a good way to improve performance on a system :
a DMA-enabled device can transfer data without bothering the CPU , and then can interrupt the CPU with an IRQ , telling it that the data transfer is complete :
Soundcards and ethernet cards are known for using both IRQs and DMA channels .
The third hardware resource is in the form of an address , like memory , but it 's an address on the I/O bus in the form of a port .
A device can be configured , read , or given data using its I/O ports .
A Device can use many I/O ports , typically in the form of ranges like ports 8 through 16 , for example .
Overview This tutorial was created in an attempt to show you , the reader , how to set up the basics for a kernel .
This involves :
1 ) Setting up your development environment 2 ) The basics :
Setting the stage for GRUB 3 ) Linking in other files and calling main () 4 ) Printing to the screen 5 ) Setting up a custom Global Descriptor Table ( GDT ) 6 ) Setting up a custom Interrupt Descriptor Table ( IDT ) 7 ) Setting up Interrupt Service Routines ( ISRs ) to handle your Interrupts and IRQs 8 ) Remapping the Programmable Interrupt Controllers ( PICs ) to new IDT entries 9 ) Installing and servicing IRQs 10 ) Managing the Programmable Interval Timer / System Clock ( PIT ) 11 ) Managing Keyboard IRQs and Keyboard Data 12 ) ..
Rooms with a hue :
The all-pink and all-blue photographs that prove girls and boys develop ' gender specific ' preferences to colour
girls love pink and boys love blue .
Or that 's how it might appear when you look at the work of Korean photographer JeongMee Yoon .
JeongMee has spent the last five years on the ' Pink and Blue Project , ' photographing boys and girls with their ' gender specific ' coloured belongings .
The results are spectacular photographs of the children surrounded by their favourite things in their bedrooms - astonishingly all-pink or all-blue .
Chaeyeon was one of the girls pictured by JeongMee whose possessions reveal her preference for all things pink .
Meanwhile toddler Terry 's room is dominated by blue .
' I would say there are about 200 items for each child ' , she said . ' All the objects belong to them . I do n't bring anything .
' The 41-year-old who lives is the U.S. but is originally from Seoul , South Korea , said the project ' is like an anthropological study , ' revealing the differences in the choices of boys and girls as toddlers and how their tastes change as they grow up .
By returning to photograph the children years later , she has been able to document the change in their preferences .
This was true of her own daughter , Seowoo , who was her first model for the project at the age of five , when she loved the colour pink .
Colour co-ordinated :
Jiwoo 's favourite clothes and toys were all pink but JeongMee found girls often grow out of love for the shade True blue :
Hyunho 's fondness of the colour is boosted by his love of Thomas the Tank Engine ' She wanted to wear only pink clothes and she wanted only pink toys and objects ' , said JeongMee . '
It was interesting to see the transformation .
' But pictures of Seowoo 's possessions now she 's 10 show how she now has a preference for blue items as well .
This is a trend JeogMee has noticed in the other children from the U.S. and South Korea who she has photographed .
Pink princess :
Here , Tess ' possessions show how she loved the colour when she was younger but JeongMee was surprised to find her prefence had switched to blue when she returned to photograph her years later Boy zone :
Toddler Thomas with his favourite items , again dominated by the colour blue - the shade was n't always marketed towards boys , before the First World War girls often wore pale blue .
One child , Tess , from New York , had completely changed her preference in the five years since JeongMee 's first visited her .
' Before everything had to be pink but now blue is her favourite colour ' , she said .
' It is interesting for me because I learned that before World War One marketing for girls was usually in pale blue and for boys they used a light red but after that time it reversed . '
It seems that colour preference is cultural .
JeongMee 's work can be seen at the Santa Barbara Museum of Art at the exhibition ' Chaotic Harmony : Contemporary Korean Photography ' until Septempter 19 , 2010 .
The artist herself :
JeongMee reveals her own preference surrounded by her favourite items .
She takes six hours to set up the children 's pictures using items that are all their own .
Row over exotic minerals that make modern life tick The world's rare earths l Found in high concentrations in the world's crust , but difficult and costly to extract l Used for green technology , such as battery-charged cars and wind turbines ; in laptops , flat-screen TVs and mobile phones ;
for lasers ; and for medical equipment , such as MRI scans l Demand has risen dramatically over recent years l
They include : Lanthanum ; Cerium ; Praseodymium ; Neodymium ; Promethium ; Samarium ; Europium ; Gadolinium ; Terbium ; Dysprosium ; Holmium ; Erbium ; Thulium ; Ytterbium ;
These metals are found in almost every 21st Century household ,
and used globally to make high-tech products , from weapons , to flat-screen TVs and mobile phones .
What's more , China produces 97% of them .
But with much of the world's economy depending on these metals , a report that China is curtailing its exports to Europe and the US by almost a third next year has rattled manufacturers and policymakers .
China denies the recent claim , but has previously stated that it will restrict exports to protect supplies and prevent mines being over-exploited ,
while also meeting an increase in domestic demand .
Governments are now increasingly worried about shortages , while Japan has said it will need to consider stockpiling .
Meanwhile , prices are soaring .
' Stranglehold ' The 17 elements known as rare earth minerals - numbers 57 to 71 , as well as a couple of others , on the periodic table -
are found outside China , but most of the mines in other countries have long closed down .
Until the mid-1980s , the US dominated production , but then China entered the market .
Soon , China had cornered it ;
as Deng Xiaoping said in 1992 , " Arabia has oil , China has rare earth . "
China has been tightening export quotas since 2006 , sparking increasing concern about its ability to disrupt supply chains .
The issue re-entered the spotlight in September , after the arrest by Japan of a Chinese fisherman in disputed waters initiated a row between the two countries .
Japan , whose firms account for 56% of China's rare earth exports ,
claimed that China then restricted earth metal supplies in response .
Rare earths are used for wind turbines and other green technologies In a New York Times op-ed last month , economist Paul Krugman wrote :
" On one side , the affair highlights the fecklessness of US policymakers , who did nothing while an unreliable regime acquired a stranglehold on key materials " .
" On the other side , the incident shows a Chinese government that is dangerously trigger-happy , willing to wage economic warfare on the slightest provocation " ,
he added .
China claims it was not a policy decision , but rather the choices of individual companies expressing condemnation of Japan .
In any case , that restriction , and now the 30% reduction claim ( which the US is set to investigate , ) has sent the future of these metals to the top of policy agendas - with observers now questioning whether the world can continue to rely so much on China
' Stick but no carrots ' The consequences of a squeeze on rare earths would be considerable across the developed world , says Professor Animesh Jha from the University of Leeds .
" The Chinese definitely feel they have total control of it - just like the Middle East had control over oil " , he says .
He says it is about asserting political as well as economic power - as the Japan incident demonstrates .
And , in his opinion , the reason for China's rumoured restrictions to the US and Europe are not disconnected from the US and Chinese row over currency .
" It upsets the trade balance , they are holding the stick but no carrots .
They want to say , ' We are not going to buck our currency up and we want to be tough " . '
But , then again , why shouldn't China use its own resources for its own interests ,
asks Jack Lifton , director of Technology Metals Research .
China's commerce ministry has warned that reserves are falling " I don't see what my right is to someone else's property .
They are on Chinese soil .
The Chinese are saying , ' You have the resources .
Go mine them and use them for yourselves " . '
Besides , he says , China is not preventing other countries buying the end product :
" I don't see this as a surprise .
China has openly said it does not want to be a raw material supplier , it has always said it wants to manufacture goods " .
But , he says , China will use it to its political advantage if it can , like with Japan
- and other countries have been slow to wake up to this .
" It hasn't sunk in to the Western elite that they can't tell China what to do " ,
he adds . '
Run dry ' Essentially , it underscores the need to source rare earths from non-Chinese minerals ,
says Professor Jha .
" It's very dangerous to rely on limited resources from politically unsafe places .
I don't think we should be held hostage to China " , he says .
Besides , China has warned that its reserves - most of which come from mines in Chinese Inner Mongolia - dropped by 37% between 1996 and 2003 , suggesting future supply could run dry .
But where else would manufacturers source them ?
According to Professor Jha , there are extensive deposits elsewhere which can be tapped into .
More than one third of rare earths are found outside of China .
Mines are being developed in the US and Australia , which Mr Lifton says should reassure the world of business .
Molycorp , owners of the Mountain Pass mine in California , aim to produce one sixth of global supply by 2012 .
" Both mines are very large and can supply the world indefinitely " , Mr Lifton says .
" This crisis is literally on a countdown clock .
At one point the Chinese won't have leverage , as others come into production " .
When Strange Liquids Act Like Solids Walk across water and people may start to think you can work miracles .
But dashing atop the surface of certain liquids has an entirely down-to-Earth scientific explanation .
compresses it into a solid-like material that can support a person's weight .
New evidence suggests that the stress of walking across oobleck ,
a cornstarch-and-water mixture traversed by foot in the video above ,
Oobleck is what's known as a non-Newtonian fluid , a class of relatively common liquids that behave in unexpectedly non-liquid ways .
Ketchup , which flows from a bottle yet gathers neatly in a line on your hot dog , is another example .
So are paint , toothpaste , and shampoo , each of which will sometimes flow and sometimes take firmer form .
Of all the non-Newtonian fluids , however , oobleck is one of the strangest .
If you dip your hand in slowly , it behaves like a normal liquid
 but if you move too fast , it forms a solid mass .
Teachers and fun-loving college students have long known that you can fill a tub with oobleck and run across without sinking , yet previous scientific explanations for the effect have come up short .
Many researchers thought increased viscosity might be responsible , but the force created during this viscosity increase is insufficient to keep a human body aloft .
So researchers have looked for other explanations .
" When you're running across the stuff , you're not shearing it so much as compressing it " , said graduate physics student Scott Waitukaitis of the University of Chicago ,
" So we wanted to see how the stuff responds under impact " .
who co-authored a paper on this subject published in Nature on July 12 .
Working with his adviser , physicist Heinrich Jaeger , Waitukaitis performed several experiments to more deeply investigate oobleck's properties .
Rather than measure its flow  the typical approach of physicists working with non-Newtonian fluids
 the researchers shot a solid rod at oobleck and filmed the process with a high-speed camera .
An accelerometer also measured the rod's force as it struck the surface .
The results suggested that cornstarch particles suspended in the water were being shoved together , forcing them to behave like a hard object .
The liquid bunched up like snow in front of a snowplow , forming a quasi-solid column .
To get a better inside-look , Waitukaitis also observed the liquid with a dental X-ray machine ,
using tracer particles 
basically nuts and bolts they had sitting around the lab  to highlight oobleck's inner structure .
This revealed further evidence of a columnar support structure .
Waitukaitis and Jaeger calculated that this semi-solid column provided just enough force to hold up the weight of a human , provided they moved fast enough .
" This is an important observation because it allows for a lot more force so this fluid can hold up a lot more weight " , said physicist Eric Brown from the University of California , Merced , who works on non-Newtonian fluids but was not involved with this research .
But Brown thinks that there is still more to the story .
The temporary solid column might not support a human if it didn't reach to the bottom of the tub , which is likely also holding some of the person's weight , he said .
Waitukaitis disagrees with this interpretation , suggesting that even if a human were to run over an ocean of oobleck  where the solid column didn't touch the bottom  they would still be supported .
But both researchers agree that studying non-Newtonian fluids is important .
Beyond messiah-like party tricks , mixtures like oobleck could one day be used to save lives .
Already , several laboratories are attempting to inject non-Newtonian fluids into Kevlar , essentially creating liquid body armor .
It's thought that such materials could stop bullets while remaining light and fluid enough to provide easy movement .
I've reached the stage where I feel like I actually live in Sierra Leone .
Life in London seems very distant .
I understand a good chunk of Krio ( although I still can't speak it very well ) and I'm much more familiar with day-to-day life here .
What seemed like chaos a few weeks ago  a shopping trip to Freetown , say , or a discussion about the price of fish , or signing eight different bits of paper just to withdraw some local currency  now feels relatively normal .
Despite this familiarisation , " Salone " still has the ability to shock and awe :
a new carpenter in our village , for example , has spent the last two days chiselling and sand-papering a large off-cut from a tree into the most beautiful hand washing bowl  the sort that would sell on the Kings Road for a few hundred pounds .
It is awe-inspiring .
And then , on the other hand , is the shock . Tatu , 22 , who has been helping us prepare food for the last two months
and who I thought had no children , told us , in a very matter-of-fact manner , that she'd lost a child aged three-and-a-half .
" Next time " , she said , she would have twins so " no go die . "
It is a story that is sadly normal here , but still a shock to me .
Progress in the village continues steadily :
our first earth-bag house is now over head-height , and our nursery garden  or mandala , as our permacultaralist describes the circles of herbs , flowers and crops  has already started to sprout .
October has also treated us to a near-nightly spectacle of lightening and , as they say here , " t'under . "
The clouds roll around the Sierra behind us and then out to sea , and ,
sitting on the beach , the gigantic strikes flash around us like a giant strobe .
Put on a pair of headphones and it's like being in the world's largest private nightclub .
Occasionally the cracks of t'under rush across the water , close enough to rattle your ribcage ;
then the wind rustles through the trees or fizzes across the water , followed suddenly by rain .
From the beach , we have just a few seconds to sprint back to the kitchen before the torrent arrives ,
washing away the heavy night air until the next day's show begins again .
Going native this week James Ashdown , 24 What am I doing here ?
I came to Sierra Leone for two reasons .
Firstly , I want to satisfy my desire to travel to countries that offer adventure , uniqueness and an experience that is completely off the beaten track .
Secondly , I wanted to get involved in a project where I could genuinely make a difference to people's lives and witness this happening , rather than just giving some money and not really know what it's used for .
The combination of Tribewanted and Sierra Leone ticks all of these boxes and more .
First impressions of Sierra Leone The widespread preconceptions are that Sierra Leone is still a country reeling from the effects of war and its notorious diamonds ,
but despite arriving at the airport and travelling to the centre of Freetown in the middle of the night , I felt perfectly safe .
The journey to the Tribewanted community at John Obey beach on the Freetown peninsula confirmed that Sierra Leone is beautiful , passing through luscious green countryside and local towns before arriving at
a beach that could rival any in the world .
What went wrong This was the realisation that many children here can't afford to go school .
This may sound like an obvious point but when we learned that a year's tuition fees to go the local primary school was only 15,000 Leones ( about 3 , or a pint of beer in a British pub ) it really hit home that just a small amount of money , just drinking one less pint every week , could make a huge difference here .
This week's successes Having been here for one month , the successes I have witnessed are too numerous to list ,
so I'll sum up the most memorable :
the construction and turning on of the solar power ;
seeing the first earth-bag building taking shape ;
seeing new benches and desks arrive at the local school ;
and witnessing real progress for people who really appreciate it .
PUTTING TOGETHER A SYSTEM OF LOW-COST REWARDS
As we mentioned earlier , the best rewards are thought out and planned .
While spontaneous , spur-of-the-moment rewards are an important item in any manager's motivational toolbox ( and are to be encouraged because of their immediacy and sincerity , )
take time to put together a system of low-cost rewards in your organization that include the following characteristics : 
Link rewards to organizational goals .
To be effective , rewards need to reinforce the behavior that leads to an organization's goals .
Use rewards to increase the frequency of desired behavior and decrease the frequency of undesired behavior . 
Define parameters and mechanics .
After you identify the behaviors that you want to reinforce , develop the specifics of your reward system , and create rules that are clear and easily understood by all employees .
Make sure that targets are attainable and that all employees have a chance to obtain rewards .
For example , your clerks also should have a shot at the rewards , not just salespeople or assemblers . 
Obtain commitment and support .
Communicate your new rewards program to your employees .
Many organizations publicize their programs in group meetings .
Present the programs as positive and fun activities that benefit both the employees and the company .
To get the best results , plan and implement your rewards program with your employees ' direct involvement . 
Monitor effectiveness .
Is your rewards system getting the results that you want ?
If not , take another look at the behaviors you want to reinforce , and make sure that your rewards are closely linked .
Even the most successful rewards programs tend to lose their effectiveness over time as employees begin to take them for granted .
Keep your program fresh by discontinuing rewards that have lost their luster and bringing in new ones from time to time .
Obviously , everything about great sex involves touching .
Really mastering the subtleties of touching is one of the best ways to really explode a woman's ideas of just how amazing sex can be .
The thing that I really love about the " idea " of touching a girl , is that the sensation travels in both directions .
She gets the pleasure of feeling your hands on her skin , and you get the pleasure of feeling her skin with your hands .
And when you are both really in tune with that exchange of pleasure , it can be absolutely awesome .
So what is the best way to touch a woman ?
It depends on the woman .
I'm going to explain EXACTLY what you need to know to figure it out for your woman .
There are a few important keys to touching that can let her know , INSTANTLY that you know exactly what you are doing -- and get her powerfully aroused .
The first thing you should know , if you don't already , is that women LOVE to be touched .
Touch is very important to all humans , but it is , generally , much more important to women , and they respond very strongly to touch .
It is a powerful reward to a woman when you touch her , and it can instantly make her feel great .
Now , of course , some women are more reserved about it .. some are more formal
and are not comfortable feeling such good feelings with someone until they know them well .
Some women are just closed off and don't like anyone to enter their space , and even in a relationship , they resist having another person touch them so easily ..
And some women simply do not like being touched .
They find it unpleasant and they recoil from it .
But the truth is , women in those last two categories ( ABSOLUTELY those in the last one ) have had some trauma in their lives , probably child sexual abuse , that has damaged them to the extent that they can't accept this natural and beautiful form of shared pleasure .
That's a sad truth of the world .
For the other women , depending on their degree of shyness , touch is always a pleasure and a treat ..
assuming they like the guy that is touching them , and it's appropriate to the relationship .
By appropriate , I mean , a female friend might love it if you rub her shoulders , but might be uncomfortable with something more " romantic " , like caressing her hair and cheek .
I am going to talk about touching in a romantic context , whether it be on a first date or with your wife of 20 years .
And I'm not talking about directly sexual touching .
Sensual touching is an art that you should definitely spend some time mastering -- because it will be incredibly rewarding to both you and the woman in your life .
Touch her more .
However much you are already touching your girlfriend , wife , or lover ..
you can do it more often .
I can't emphasize enough how much of an emotional connection and bond can be formed by this simple action .
Women link many feelings of sexuality , love , and trust with the sensations that are aroused in them when a man puts his hands on her .
It can make her feel both sexually excited and safe at the same time .
It can also make her body release certain chemicals into her blood that make her feel more attraction to and more comfort with the man that she is with .
How's that for the simplest tip ever ?
Try it out .
I promise that it is as effective as it is simple .
Look into her eyes .
Well , here's one that's even more simple ..
but again ..
it's so much more powerful than it sounds .
When you are putting your hand on her , whether you are caressing or squeezing ..
or petting or holding or any other kind of touching ..
Look into her eyes as you are doing it .
You will find that if you hold eye contact with a woman -- even if she looks down for a moment -- she will be drawn into your gaze and that you can hold her there .
This will add an amazing amount of emotional intensity to your touch .
She will feel it deeply in her body .
You may think , heck , I already look at her when I touch her ..
But just try this -- try being aware of intentionally holding her eye contact as you touch her .
I think you will find that it makes a very big difference .
Try touching her in new ways .
There are particular types of touching that women find more romantic , more sensual , and more arousing than others .
And , of course , since all women are different , you're going to have to do some experimenting to find out what the woman in your life responds to most .
The key is to really tune in to her and notice how she is responding .
That tuning in or " Paying Attention " that I always talk about , is actually the really important part of this tip ..
But here are a few ways you should try touching her -- most women respond very positively towards ALL of them .
Pay attention to see which ones your girl goes for :
Use the very tips of your fingers and run them very , very lightly , so that it is almost a tickle , anywhere ( or everywhere ) on her skin .
Your Ad Here Stroke her gently , but not tentatively with the entire face of your hand .
Try running it up her back , her neck , her legs , arms , or the side of her face .
Just hold her firmly .
This can be such a powerful feeling for a woman .
Just place your hand on her shoulder , the back of her neck , her thigh , arm , or hand ..
and just hold her .
Let her feel your masculine strength , but don't , obviously , hurt her .
If you do this right , she should feel the tenderness and protectiveness behind your touch .
Cup her with your hand , and stroke gently with your thumb ..
This combines the first idea of gentle finger tips with the last one of holding her firmly ..
I particularly like to hold the back of her neck and then gently stroke her cheek with my thumb ..
while looking into her eyes .
Also try holding the back of her head and stroking her temple , or hold her arm and stroke her shoulder , or her thigh and stroke her knee .
Add eye contact to all of these and she will melt .
Pet her hair .
I have never met a woman who does not enjoy having her hair stroked .
For girls with straight hair , you can let your fingers run through it .
If she has curly hair , just pet , so that you don't get stuck and start yanking on her knots !
To really send her into orbit , start at her neck and use your fingers to pet upwards into her hair along her scalp .
You can bring a woman very close to orgasm with this one .
Tip # 4 :
Feel With Your Feelings .
I saved the best one for last ..
but it is also the one that is most complicated to explain , and can be more challenging for some men to master .
That's because , as guys , we're just not as " in touch with our feelings " as women are .
But this is of HUGE importance if you really want to rock her world in ways that will make her forget any other guy she has ever been with .
The basic truth is :
A woman can FEEL , not just the physical sensation of your hand on her skin , but also she can FEEL the emotional content of your touch .
I know this sounds a little bit " out there " , but again , as always , I challenge you to TRY it before you dismiss it because this is really an incredibly powerful truth .
When you touch a woman while thinking sexual thoughts about her , and when you focus that intent into your touch , she will FEEL it very strongly ..
and her body will respond to it .
That sexual energy will flow from you and into her .
Likewise , when you feel tender feelings of attraction and protectiveness for your woman , and you stroke her hair , it makes her feel loved and safe .
And there is nothing that will provide you both with a more amazing night of mind-melting sex than when the woman in your arms feels loved and safe .
I know that I'm leaving a lot out here , and that , especially this last tip is kind of hard to wrap your brain around .
The truth is , that this issue of touching with emotion is part of a MUCH bigger picture of understanding women and female sexuality , and just too big a topic for this article .
However , don't hesitate to get started by using the great tips above .
You will be amazed that even these brain-dead simple tips can make a huge difference in how women respond to you sexually .
If you are in a relationship , you will be even more amazed at the positive changes that just a tiny bit of information can cause .
You can go to a marriage counselor , or talk to a therapist , or read books on " communicating " better , but there is NOTHING in my experience that improves a relationship more or strengthens the bond between a man and a woman than touch and sex .
Nine months ago , Alaskan outdoorsman and PETA enthusiast Heimo Korth was forced to shoot a rampaging grizzly who was trying to murder his wife , dog , self , and visiting camera crew .
The monster took a shocking thirteen 12- gauge slugs to bring down , but once the gunsmoke had cleared and the marital bickering settled down to its normal level what we found in its stead was a big ol ' cuddly furbasket with Xs for eyes and its tongue lolling adorably through the gap in its horrible , blood- crusted fangs .
You do n't know from cute until you 've seen a 500- pound man- eater on its back with its feet in the air like it 's just playing dead .
We could have eaten him right up , but it would have given us trichinosis .
Right then and there we knew we wanted to give the bear a place in our daily lives and so , after a quick stop back at the cabin to finish dinner , watch the aurora , go to sleep , wake up in the morning , and eat breakfast , we immediately got to work skinning it .
I won't get into the process since it 's pretty well covered in the video , except to point out that when you leave a dead bear sitting overnight , it builds up gasses in its cavities which spew out every time you shift its position and smell like a hydrogen bomb made out of farts .
Which is pretty hilarious until it won't stop doing it .
After separating the good parts from the meat and leaving the carcass out for the grayjays , Heimo brought our bearskin into Fairbanks to get the skull registered with whatever morbid weirdo 's job that is and drop the fur at the local tannery .
The tannerer then sent the hide to our local taxidermist , Frank J . Zitz , who 's been sending us great emails like " We are sewing your bear today that bear has a very big fluffy head for his size " , and pictures of the bear in progress .
Here 's where he 's at right now :
All 's we got left is to send them an appropriate rock for the base , some shades , and then that bear is ours to have and to hold and to hang things from .
Yes , we 'll keep you posted .
Oh , and we 're also still working on a name for the bear .
If you 've got any bright ideas , please suggest them below .
So far the front runners are Jonathan Bearingston Seagull and Daggerclaw .
Staring menacingly at the camera these exotic looking creatures look like monsters straight out of a horror film .
these creatures are actually jumping spiders , which measure a tiny six millimetres - and they live in this country .
The harmless arachnids , which are capable of jumping up to six times their own height , can be found in grassy meadows and on the walls of houses on sunny days .
Mr Rak , 28 , said he 'd had a very positive response to his incredible photography .
" People are usually amazed by these jumping spiders 
they ask questions like
how is it possible to get so close and what I do with spiders to get a shot " .
" Macro photography is very interesting .
It allows you to see lots of detail that you would not see with your eyes alone ,
that 's why I love it " .
After finding the tiny creatures , Mr Rak takes them to his home in London to be photographed .
" I usually find them when I am looking carefully on the walls around me during a sunny day when they try to catch a prey , " he said " .
It 's not easy to find them at first , but when you 've seen your first jumping spider , what it looks like , their movements , you will be able to find another one easily . "
Some photographers put the spiders into a fridge or freezer because it subdues them and makes it easier to take their picture .. ..
but Mr Rak does n't do this , so getting the perfect shot can take time and patience .
One of his favourite spiders , a blue- eyed Saitis barbipes , took an agonising three weeks to get .
After getting the shot Mr Rak releases his subjects back into the wild where he found them
Why should office buildings be sprawling gray complexes in uninspired shapes , filled with depressing gray cubicles in which workers sit and long for a glimpse of nature ?
For a space so integral to a company 's most important functions , offices tend to be far too bland  but not these 12 buildings .
Like a breath of fresh air in a stale room , the architecture of these structures is a welcome change , from high- energy urban penthouses to peaceful glass lookouts in the woods .
White Mountain Office , Sweden Deep underground in a former anti- atomic shelter is the White Mountain Office , a 1200- square- foot complex that exploits the jaw- dropping contrasts between raw , rustic rock faces and the sleek curvature of modern glass and steel architecture .
Architects admit that science fiction films and even James Bond served as inspiration for the office structure , saying " The client is an internet provider and the rock shelter hosts server halls and offices .
The starting point of the project was to consider the rock as a living organism .
The humans try to acclimate themselves to this foreign world and bring the ' best ' elements from earth :
light , plants , water and technology " .
Based online , Saxo Bank is a financial institution for the modern age , so it makes sense that its office headquarters would be thoroughly of the 21st century , unlike many banks which were founded centuries ago and retain those old- fashioned aesthetics .
Though the exterior may be a bit harsh with all of its sharp angles , the interior is softened by a towering spiral staircase that serves as its focal point .
The center of old Hamburg in Germany is n't exactly a hopping spot for ultra- modern architecture , but all the better for the somewhat bizarre Stecklehorn Office Complex , built by J.H. Mayer for Alstadt Cogiton Projeckt .
The contrast between its sloping white surfaces and the aged look of the historic buildings beside it serve to make it even more eye- catching .
Vodafone Headquarters , Portugal " Life in Motion "  that 's the slogan for Vodafone , one of the world 's largest communications companies , and it seems to be illustrated well in the design of their headquarters in Portugal .
Like some living being that could get up at any moment and walk away , the asymmetrical building is somehow organic despite its angularity .
Three of the building 's tiered floors sit beneath the ground .
The architects , Barbosa &amp; Guimaraes , say " Seeking inspiration from painting , sculpture , photography , arts which had already faced this dilemma , the office building , designed usually linear , begins to become an irregular body , out of balance , with many faces in motion " .
Red Bull Headquarters , London What else would you expect from the signature beverage of the hyperactive than an office building featuring a gigantic slide ?
Outfitted in the brand 's red , blue and silver color scheme ( along with plenty of steel , ) the building is thoroughly modern and adult yet retains a sense of playfulness .
For a team as creative as Pixar , an ordinary office environment certainly won't do .
Pixar Offices , California
Luckily , the company provides its programmers , artists and other employees with suitably zany , colorful , personalized little ' huts ' in lieu of cubicles .
It 's almost like having your own " tiny house " inside the Pixar building , for all the privacy you need yet easy access to all the other cool features at Pixar headquarters .
Skateboarders are n't exactly the types to happily sit indoors in a boring office environment all day .
More than likely , they 're daydreaming of spacious skate parks  which they would have right there at work if they were employees at the offices of Bastard Store , a skateboarding equipment company in Milan .
The sleek and modern building features at its heart a full- size indoor skate park that hovers 18 feet above the ground .
As if having a beautiful view of the river in Rotterdam were n't enough , employees who spend their days at the Las Palmas penthouse building in the Netherlands get to do so in a structure that is a work of art in itself .
Designed by Bentham Crouwel Architects , the penthouse is an elliptical- shaped add-on to the roof of the Las Palmas building , standing on 18- foot supports with a vast , open view from a giant wall of windows .
Inside , the curved shape gives it the feel of an immense airplane .
Everyone needs a window in their office so they can take a moment every now and then to gaze out at nature for a while and recharge before getting back to work .
But what if half of your office building 's roof were open to the sky , framed by a canopy of trees ?
The Selgas Cano Architecture office building in Madrid is set partially into the ground with one side entirely transparent , giving employees the ideal inspiration to design more incredibly architectural masterpieces .
Known mostly for its old world architecture and breathtaking mountains , the Eastern European nation of Slovenia may not seem like the most obvious setting for a stunning modern building like this
Chamber of Commerce and Industry , Slovenia
but in fact , this beautiful glass structure is home to those tasked with bringing in visitors and revenue , and it certainly makes a good impression .
The architects , Sadar Vuga , say " By retaining the huge public forecourt , the programme along the existing building is verticalized , thus giving it a new faade , designed like boxes piled on top of each other " .
Treetop Office , Washington
Anyone who has ever sat in a windowless cubicle for eight hours a day knows how powerful the desire to see a single green leaf can be .
But imagine if this were your daily view as you accomplished your tasks at work  golden sunlight on towering trees , with a lake and a wooded hill in the background .
Customer experience consultant Peter Frazier built this inspirational treetop office after decades of feeling disconnected from nature .
The combination of static , neutral- colored geometric shapes and a dynamic white band of concrete give the ' Galilee ' office building near Toulouse , France a sense of hushed expectation  of precarious balance between the formal and informal , the mundane and the surprising .
The slatted facade of the building is actually a sunshade that lets in plenty of natural daylight while also keeping the interior cool .
What Does it Mean to Be ' Middle Class ? '
Are you middle class ?
For decades , praising the middle class has been a staple of American politics .
Candidates vow to defend the middle class and accuse their opponents of betraying it .
But what , exactly , is the " middle class ? "
Since I began writing this column three months ago , readers have asked for an exact definition of the middle class .
The question is a legitimate and vital one .
With studies showing the American middle class in decline , understanding which policies create , expand and protect the demographic is more important than ever .
But definitions vary .
Despite the incessant political lip service paid to the middle class , there is no official American government definition of the group .
The middle class has been intensively studied but no political consensus exists over how it was created or how to strengthen it .
Liberals credit government programs with helping create a thriving American middle class after World War II .
They cite the G.I. bill , home mortgage interest deduction and state university system as examples .
Conservatives credit unbridled , American free market capitalism with the feat .
I believe it was both .
Within weeks of taking office , the Obama administration's launched its own effort to help the group .
Chaired by Vice President Joe Biden , the " Middle Class Task Force " was launched in January 2009 and includes the secretaries of labor , health and human services , education and commerce .
The closest the task force came to defining the middle class was a January 2010 report " Middle Class in America " .
The study never gives an exact income level that is " middle class " .
Instead , echoing academic studies on the subject , the document concludes that " middle class families are defined more by their aspirations than their income " .
The report lists typical American middle-class aspirations as " home ownership , a car , college education for their children , health and retirement security , and occasional family vacations " .
Obtaining these goals is harder for middle class American families than it has been in decades , the report argues , because the cost of health care , higher education and housing have risen far faster than wages .
In academia , various definitions of the middle class are used .
Economists generally use income as the determinant .
Using census data , they break the American middle class into quintuples -- groups of twenty percent -- and declare the middle sixty percent of Americans the middle class .
As I said in an earlier column , this is the definition I use .
Based on 2010 census data , the middle class would be the sixty percent of Americans with household incomes from $ 28,636 to $ 79,040 a year .
Other researchers , such as sociologists , have tried to define Americans as middle class by how they self- identify .
One of the odd - and I think positive - things about Americans is that they over- identify as middle class .
The practice embodies an American ideal that the majority of society 's members , not the few , should benefit .
Americans themselves give varying definitions of the middle class .
In a 2008 Pew survey , one-third of Americans who earned more than $ 150,000 a year -- 11 percent of Americans overall -- identified themselves as middle class .
In the same survey , 40 percent of Americans who earned less than $ 20,000 -- 25 percent -- considered themselves middle class as well .
The median family income in the United States was $ 49,445 in 2010 , a lower number than many Americans think .
After Occupy Wall Street protests began this fall , The Wall Street Journal posted an online calculator that allows Americans to input their annual income and see where they stand on America 's 1 - 99 percent scale .
You can try out the calculator here .
Your position in America 's class hierarchy may surprise you .
In a series of interviews last week , American academics said the state of the middle class needs vastly more study .
They said finding ways to aid the middle class is not possible without clearly understanding what is happening to it .
John Logan , a Brown University sociology professor , called for a large foundation to fund in-depth research on the middle class .
He believes such an effort would force academics to develop a more uniform definition of middle class .
Frank Levy , an MIT economist , called for something more modest .
He said surveys of Americans that gauge how many households can find affordable health care , education and housing would be more practical .
Both efforts would be a step forward .
As I said in my first column , for me and many others the creation and preservation of middle classes is vital .
Before becoming a columnist , I worked as a foreign correspondent and investigative reporter for The New York Times and The Christian Science Monitor for seventeen years .
Covering political , religious and ethnic conflict around the world convinced me that the single largest instrument of stability in any society is a middle class .
Whatever their nationality , ethnicity or faith , members of the middle class tend to reject extremist leaders , try to make governments more effective , and often cherish the same values , particularly merit , justice and stability .
I plan to visit communities inside the United States and around the world to examine which economic policies help create middle classes to see what lessons from abroad , if any , can be applied to the United States .
( So far , I 've reported in Kentucky , Turkey , China and Wisconsin ) .
Along the way I hope to determine whether growing middle classes overseas inevitably mean a shrinking middle class in the United States .
In the meantime , I agree with calls for more intensive study of the middle class .
A clearer understanding of what is happening to the demographic is desperately needed .
And it can be helped .
The middle class can be defined .
This article also appeared on Reuters.com , an Atlantic partner site .
Miami plays host for the first time this season on Tuesday night and what better guest than the Boston Celtics ?
The last time these two teams met on this court , confetti was falling and emotions were running high .
After Boston ended LeBron James and Dwyane Wade 's seasons in 2009-10 , the two stars teamed up and finally took down the Celtics last season on their way to the NBA Finals .
These two teams once saw eye-to-eye but now it appears that they 're going in opposite directions .
The Heat 's Big Three are all in their prime , while Boston 's original Big Three are well past it .
Do LeBron and Wade finally have the upper-hand against the mighty C 's ?
Which Celtics player gives the Heat most trouble ?
Is Chris Bosh better than Kevin Garnett ?
Fact or Fiction :
LeBron and Wade have exorcised their Boston demons .
Fact .
I always thought that Boston 's dominance in the playoffs was a great illustration of team talent overcoming singular talents .
The Boston teams always had safety nets in case one of their stars had an off night .
With LeBron and Wade , not sure they really had that .
Now they do .
Brian Windhorst :
Fact , I think .
The demons were pretty embedded and fierce , though .
You could see the genuine meaning that beating the Celtics had to Wade and James when that series ended last season .
Boston is still formidable and savvy , if aging quickly . They certainly still have the Heat 's respect but they 've lost their number .
Fact .
Initially , I was going to say " fiction " because this version of the Heat never beat a healthy group of Celtics , even in that dominant playoff performance last season .
But then again , it 's unfair to penalize LeBron and Wade for Boston 's inability to ever get -- and stay -- healthy these days .
So those demons are dead . 2 .
Fact or Fiction :
If Heat could pick a Celtic to miss the game , it 's Pierce .
Fiction .
I know Rajon Rondo makes them tick and Pierce makes them a legitimate offense .
But you might as well lay out a red carpet to the rim for LeBron and Wade if Kevin Garnett is n't out there .
The numbers back this up :
the Boston D is average without Garnett .
With him ?
They strangle opponents .
And just the other day , Garnett may have literally tried to do just that .
Fiction .
Now and against this roster , it 's Rajon Rondo .
Pierce and James have battled many times and have the scars to prove it but James has overtaken him .
It will be interesting to watch rookie Norris Cole 's first experience trying to deal with Rondo 's array of talents and speed for the first time .
Fiction .
That list still starts with Kendrick Perkins .
The Heat are still sending " Thank You " notes to Celtics GM Danny Ainge for dealing the rugged big man to Oklahoma City last season .
But of the current C 's , Rondo is a much bigger headache for Miami than anyone else on the roster .
Fact or Fiction .
At this stage , Chris Bosh is better than Kevin Garnett .
Fiction , although my feelings could change any day now .
Bosh may not talk , but he can walk .
Soon , the opposite might be true for Garnett .
Honestly , I 'm not sure how Garnett will hold up during the 66-game grind .
That 's a big variable here .
But The Kid is still so disruptive defensively that I can excuse his erosion on the offensive end .
Fiction .
Bosh may be more spry and Garnett 's reputation of being a fake tough guy may be spreading .
But just ask yourself this question :
if you were picking teams tonight who would you take first ?
Garnett 's best days are behind him and Bosh is in his prime .
I know who I 'd prefer to have on a five-year contract .
But going into a big game the answer would be different .
I 'm going with the old , reliable " faction " on this one .
Is a mid-20s Bosh a better player right now than a mid-30s Garnett ?
Yes .
But is Bosh more effective and essential to his team on both ends of the court ?
No .
Garnett 's consistent defense , presence , leadership and intensity are still invaluable
- even as he approaches social security .
Love is a ' powerfully wonderful addiction '
Those who pine over a lost love might have a biological reason for their prolonged yearning .
New brain research suggests getting over romantic rejection might be akin to kicking an addiction .
The study is one of the first to examine the brains of the recently broken-hearted who have trouble letting go of their relationship .
The researchers found that , for heartbroken men and women , looking at photographs of former partners activated regions in the brain associated with rewards , addiction cravings , control of emotions , feelings of attachment and physical pain and distress .
The results provide insight into why it might be hard for some people to get over a break up , and why , in some cases , people are driven to commit extreme behaviors , such as stalking and homicide , after losing love .
" Romantic love is an addiction " , said study author Helen E . Fisher , a biological anthropologist at Rutgers University who studies love .
" It 's a very powerfully wonderful addiction when things are going well and a perfectly horrible addiction when things are going poorly " , she said .
The researchers speculate the brain 's response to romantic rejection may have an evolutionary basis .
" I think the brain circuitry for romantic love evolved millions of years ago , to enable our ancestors to focus their mating energy on just one person at a time and start that mating process " , Fisher said .
" And when you 've been rejected in love , you have lost life 's greatest prize , which is a mating partner " .
" This brain system becomes activated probably to help you try to win this person back so you focus on them and crave them and try to get them back " , she said .
Brains of the heart-broken
Fisher and her colleagues scanned the brains of 15 college-aged volunteers ( 10 women and 5 men ) who had all recently experienced a break up , but were still in love with the person who had rejected them .
The average length of the relationship was about 2 years , and about 2 months had passed , on average , since the relationship ended .
All participants scored high on the Passionate Love Scale , a questionnaire psychologists use to measure the intensity of romantic feelings .
Participants also said they spent more than 85 percent of their waking hours thinking about their rejecter .
In the experiment , the subjects viewed a photograph of their former partner and were asked to think about events that occurred with him or her .
The subjects also looked at a neutral image of a familiar person , such as a classmate or friend of a friend .
To try and suppress the romantic feelings conjured up from the first half of the experiment , the researchers had participants compete a math exercise in between viewing the rejecter photograph and the neutral photograph .
Among the findings
Viewing their former loved one stimulated a region of the brain called the ventral tegmental area , involved in motivation and reward .
Previous work has found this region is also active in people who are madly in love .
This makes sense , because " Whether you 're happily in love or whether you 're unhappily in love , you 're still in love " , Fisher said .
Brain regions known as the nucleus accumbens and orbitofrontal / prefrontal cortex were also activated .
These regions are known to be associated with intense cocaine addiction and cigarette addiction .
There was also increased activity in the brain 's insular cortex and the anterior cingulated , regions associated with physical pain and distress .
Some good news
The researchers did find some good news for romantically rejected :
The more time that had passed since the breakup , the less activity there was in a brain region associated with attachment .
Fisher said .
Brain areas involved in emotion regulation , decision making and evaluation were also active when participants viewed their rejecter .
This suggests participants were learning from their past romantic experience , evaluating their gains and losses and figuring out how to deal with the situation ,
These findings suggest that talking about their experience , rather than simply moping in grief , may have therapeutic benefits for the lovelorn .
" It seems to be healthy for the brain , to instead of just wallowing in despair , to think about the situation more actively and try to work out how you 're going to handle it " .
Fisher said .
The results were published in the July issue of the Journal of Neurophysiology .
The Future of Green Architecture : A Live-In Power Plant
This concept skyscraper could generate enough energy to power 4,000 homes
By Suzanne LeBarre
Dubai 's 10MW Tower
Courtesy Robert Ferry / Studied Impact Design
At first glance , the plans for the 10MW Tower have all the trappings of pre-crash Dubai :
the improbable height , the flashy facade , the swagger of a newbie in a crowded skyline .
On closer inspection , however , it 's an eco-machine .
The A-shaped , 1,969-foot concept skyscraper is designed to turn out as much as 10 times the energy it needs , enough to power up to 4,000 nearby homes .
Reflective : The facade directs light to a power - producing salt - cooker .
Courtesy Robert Ferry / Studied Impact Design
Three separate systems make it work .
First , a five-megawatt wind turbine in the hollow of the " A " generates energy in the powerful and unpredictable desert gusts .
Second , mirrors dot the slanted , south-facing facade , beaming light to a molten - salt - filled collector that hangs off the building like an ultra-tall street lamp .
Cooked to 932F , the liquefied salt transfers heat to a convection loop that runs a three-megawatt steam turbine .
Finally , a two-megawatt solar updraft tower produces additional energy in clear weather .
Sunlight warms air in a two - foot - wide gap that runs the length of the southern face .
The airflow from rising heat powers an internal wind turbine .
If it were built ( at an estimated cost of $ 400 million , ) 10 MW could pay off its energy debt in 20 years .
Extra juice feeds the municipal grid , and other sources in the area would adjust for the tower 's output .
The building could house offices or residences or both , says designer Robert Ferry , 35 , who helms the Dubai architecture firm Studied Impact with his wife , Elizabeth Monoian .
The pair became interested in energy-generating skyscrapers on moving to the United Arab Emirates , where there are superstructures in spades but few that are any greener than their brochures .
With the 10 MW Tower , they hope to someday create a power plant you can live in .
It may sound fantastic , but , Ferry says , " it 's only a matter of time before something like this is built " .
Revolutionary :
A five-megawatt turbine contributes to the building 's annual output of 20,000 megawatt - hours .
Courtesy Robert Ferry / Studied Impact Design
Gallery : Seven Big - Thinking Proposals For Dealing With Nuclear Waste
Nuclear energy is looking like it will be a big part of a fossil - fuel - free future in the U.S.
But the big question remains as big as ever : What 's to be done with the waste it generates ?
Image 1 Space
The universe giveth radioactivity , the universe taketh radioactivity away .
Or at least , maybe the universe would be willing to accept it , right ?
It 's true that nuclear waste would be hard-pressed to do much damage to people if it were sailing through the solar system or , say , falling into the sun .
The trouble is getting it there .
Lift-offs fail occasionally -- catching fire on the launch pad , falling into the ocean , or exploding in the upper atmosphere .
It 's unlikely the failure fraction will ever go to zero .
And until it does , shooting spent fuel rods into space remains a very dangerous proposition indeed .
Even if space launches were routine and safe enough to pitch our plutonium at the heavens , it may one day be worthwhile to recover this radioactive stuff .
Plutonium , cesium and strontium are also limited resources , and if fission reactor technology advances enough , they could become fuel sources themselves .
So maybe we want to keep nuclear waste reasonably handy .
Image 2 Deep Boreholes
Burying nuclear waste underground is the emerging favorite among disposal options .
How exactly it 's buried , however , is still a matter of some debate .
The deep borehole solution is still in its planning phases , but at least on paper , it involves wrapping spent fuel rods in steel and burying them miles below the Earth 's surface .
Deep boreholes offer the advantage that they could be drilled very near the nuclear reactors themselves , reducing distance the high-level waste would need to be transported before disposal .
Plutonium recovery , though , would still be a challenge -- shoving nuclear waste three miles down is one thing , pulling it back up safely is another thing altogether .
Image 3 Sub-Seabed Storage
In large parts of the ocean , the seafloor is made of thick , heavy clay , perfect for absorbing radioactive decay products .
First proposed in 1973 by Charles Hollister , an oceanographer at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , sub-seabed storage was seriously considered by the U.S. through 1986 .
However , sub-seabed storage would require drilling underwater bores , something that the Deepwater Horizon disaster could make a touchy subject for quite some time .
Plus , it 's a violation of international convention to dispose of nuclear waste at sea -- so a sub-seabed solution would require revising international agreements .
Image 4 Subduction Zones
Hypothetically , burying nuclear waste in subduction zones would carry the spent fuel rods along the conveyor belt of the Earth 's tectonic plates and into the mantle .
Advocates for this method exist , but it 's not something the Department of Energy is considering .
The international treaty violation would come into play here , just as in sub-seabed disposal .
Never mind that magma made from subducted seafloors has a habit of welling up in volcanoes .
Image 5 Ice Disposal
Nuclear waste is hot stuff .
As mentioned in our Future of the Environment issue , Jessie Ausubel 's tungsten spheres filled with nuclear waste could produce enough heat to bury themselves into rock ( though the stability of the rock below would need to be known very well before such an option could be considered . )
Another idea from the " rejected back in the 1970s " annals : nuclear waste that burrows into glaciers .
Place a sphere of nuclear waste in a stable ice sheet and it could melt its way down , the ice re-solidifying behind it .
There are plenty of reasons this idea was rejected early -- not the least of which is that ice sheets move , a lot , so radioactive material could end up in floating in the sea as icebergs .
Image 6 Synthetic Rock
The most realistic current option , burying radioactive waste underground , raises its own set of problems , including how the waste is shielded to keep it from contaminating the surrounding rock and water .
One possibility is to keep the radioactive waste isolated in synthetic rock .
Synthetic rock , or " synroc " ( pictured , ) was developed in the 1970s as a storage material for high-level nuclear waste .
It 's designed to absorb specific waste products -- there are different formulations for light-water reactors and plutonium fission products .
It 's a ceramic that traps the nuclear material in its crystalline lattice , made to imitate geologically stable minerals .
Image 7 Hydraulic Cage
Underground repositories of nuclear waste are particularly dangerous if they can seep into groundwater .
If a cage of water -- sort of like a three-dimensional moat -- is built around the sealed-off nuclear waste , the groundwater is given an alternate path . Then , ideally , it won't seep through radioactive material .
Future nuclear waste disposals should be leak-proof , but the hydraulic cage could provide something of a worst-case backstop against groundwater contamination .
A hydraulic cage was designed for the Richard Repository , in Litomice , Czech Republic , pictured here .
Why HP needs to merge with SAP
HP has had to face tough realities this week .
Fortunately , there is a way for it to survive :
Embrace the inevitable trend favoring " vertical " companies .
In the first part of the 2000s , IBM and HP went in two vastly different directions :
HP acquired Compaq to bolster a horizontally - integrated PC business , while IBM sold its PC division to Lenovo and focused on creating a vertical stack of enterprise products .
In the early 2010s , HP 's decision to attempt to dominate PCs has come back to haunt it .
Even though HP is the number one PC seller , the low-margin business does n't pay , so the company is exiting both the desktop and mobile consumer computer business .
Now HP needs to act fast to remain competitive in the enterprise .
Rule of three
Earlier I described how the consumer computing business is consolidating based on the " rule of three " economic theory and that three big players would dominate the industry :
Apple , Google and Microsoft .
To play in this market requires a full vertical stack , offering customers everything they need from hardware to applications .
Competitive companies will need the ability to extract efficiencies between and from each layer :
mobile operating systems , mobile devices , desktop operating systems , personal computers , web browsers , productivity applications , content distribution and cloud services .
Given the vertical integration required to play in the consumer computing business , it is no surprise that HP decided to exit .
In order to compete , HP would need to build out cloud services , a desktop operating system , and more .
Microsoft , with its domination of the desktop PC and productivity applications businesses , has already spent years and billions of dollars filling its gaps , and will continue to spend billions until it wins the number three spot .
HP , and in particular its raucous shareholders , have neither the financial gumption nor a base of technology for an attempt to be the number three in the consumer market .
So it is a wise move for HP to exit the consumer computing business and focus on its enterprise business .
However , HP is jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire , as IBM , Oracle and Microsoft have been aggressively building integrated enterprise stacks over the past decade .
The rule of three is applying itself to the enterprise space as well , and HP is getting left behind .
Owning the stack
The importance of owning every piece of the stack is increasingly critical .
When Oracle decided to end support for the Itanium processor , HP had no database of its own to fall back on and resorted to suing Oracle to support its platform .
Both IBM and Oracle are optimizing their databases and middleware to run super efficiently on their respective operating systems , processors and storage .
IBM started the verticalized enterprise trend in the early 2000s by widening the memory bus to its PowerPC machines in order to extract more performance out of its DB2 database , forcing Oracle to acquire Sun in order to match database performance .
IBM and Oracle verticalizing enterprise software and hardware is much like the consumer verticalization .
Apple 's ability to create efficiencies by building its own iPhones and iPads is a big part of what forced Google to acquire Motorola Mobility .
HP board member Marc Andreesen may be right that software is king in his new cloud investments like Facebook and Zynga , but in the hardscrabble world of enterprise and consumer computing , IBM and Apple have verticalized software and hardware and clobbered HP in both the enterprise and consumer markets .
So how will HP build a complete enterprise stack ?
HP 's acquisition of Autonomy is a great start and fills the gap in enterprise search to compete with IBM 's OmniSearch , Oracle 's Secure Enterprise Search and Microsoft 's FAST .
However , HP still has huge gaps compared to its competitors , including collaboration software , business applications , analytics , middleware , and database .
And SAP 's gaps in services , enterprise search , operating system , processor , storage and management are all filled by HP .
A merger of SAP ( valued at $ 60 billion ) and HP ( valued at $ 49 billion ) would create a $ 109 billion behemoth capable of competing with IBM ($ 188 billion , ) Oracle ($ 125 billion ) and Microsoft ($ 201 billion . )
Large mergers like this can be a disaster , but HP 's CEO Lo Apatheker used to be the CEO of SAP and worked there for twenty years , so there is one person who actually knows both organizations .
HP needs to move fast .
HP should dump its printer business along with its other low margin hardware businesses , merge with SAP to get a full stack , and then go on a shopping spree to shore up the weaker parts of the combined HP-SAP stack such as EAServer , StreamWork and HP-UX .
We are about to see a scrum amongst all of the larger enterprise players to acquire companies at every layer , such as TIBCO , Teradata , Jive , Salesforce , Red Hat , and likely even my own company , analytics vendor Webtrends .
Microsoft may even take another try at Intuit now that it is no longer a monopolist .
Otherwise both HP and SAP risk losing the third place in the rule of three to Microsoft .
It should be noted that despite its detractors , Microsoft has actually had amazing execution over the past decade and is the only contender to hold its own in both the consumer and enterprise computing stacks .
HP and SAP need to stave off Microsoft as the small - and medium-sized business enterprise player , or they will both wind up being carved up and bought by IBM and Oracle .
Peter Yared is the VP / GM of Social at Webtrends .
He has founded four e-commerce and marketing infrastructure companies that were acquired by Sun , VMware , TigerLogic and Webtrends .
You can follow him at @ peteryared .
Belinda , 1967 In the fifties , the Swedish photographer Christer Strmholm moved to Place Blanche , Paris ,
and began documenting the lives of his friends the transsexual prostitutes of the neighborhood's red-light district .
From street walks at night to everyday life in hotel rooms , Strmholm followed their struggles and their triumphs .
" These are images of people whose lives I shared and whom I think I understood .
These are images of women biologically born as men that we call ' transsexuals ' ,
Strmholm wrote in his book of the series , published in 1983 .
His photographs , he wrote , " are about insecurity .
A portrayal of those living a different life in the big city of Paris , of people who endured the roughness of the streets " .
Here 's a selection of images from " Les Amies de Place Blanche " , one of which appeared this week in the magazine 's Goings On About Town section . The series is on exhibit at I .
through September 2nd . All photographs by Christer Strmholm/Strmholm Estate .
Ask the Readers :
How Can You Take More Personal Responsibility ?
I was watching Season 6 of Celebrity Fit Factor today ( I don't watch much TV but kinda got caught up in this show ) and as I was watching some of the antics by actor Dustin Diamond ( better known as " Screech " on Saved By the Bell , )
I was struck over and over again by how little personal responsibility the guy takes for his situation .
I 'd like to start a discussion about personal responsibility ,
because I think it 's a critical factor in whether you are living the life you want , or if you blame others for being in the situation you 're in .
Just as a little background , Celebrity Fit Factor is a show where 8 overweight celebrities sign up for an 8-week challenge to loseweight and get in shape .
They go through all kinds of physical challenges , split into two teams .
Well , one of the worst competitors in Season 6 was Dustin ,
who really couldn't complete any of the challenges because of various reasons  injuries , out of breath , just didn't have it in him .
One week , he did n't even show up .
Another week , he was calling his lawyer because the boot camp drill sargeant was calling him names .
And the whole time , Dustin went on and on about how he was being picked on , how nobody was backing him up , how everybody was against him .
" Wake up Dustin  you 're responsible for your situation !
Nobody likes you because of your actions and attitude " !
But Dustin felt that it was everyone else 's fault .
Unfortunately , this attitude is not unique to Dustin .
Many , many people have the same attitude  everyone else is responsible for their situation .
And in fact , I would submit that most ( if not all ) of us do this at some time or another .
We blame others , instead of taking responsibility .
And sometimes , other people did help cause the problem .
But to that I say : " Then come up with a solution .
Make a change .
Take responsibility for fixing it , if someone else is causing the problem " .
I urge you to ask this of yourself , everytime you find yourself blaming someone else for a problem :
How could I have acted differently to prevent this problem ?
What should I do differently next time ?
Let me give you an example .
Perhaps you 're at work , and a co-worker is continually doing a bad job on a group project , causing your group to fail .
At a meeting , your boss asks you , What happened ?
Why did you guys fail ?
And you respond , " So and so keeps messing up .
He caused us to fail " .
That 's a typical situation , and a typical response .
Instead , ask yourself this :
What could I have done , given that so and so is doing such a bad job , to make this project succeed anyway ?
And there are many solutions :
You could have somehow taught this person to do a better job , or motivated him to do better .
You could have reassigned his work , or worked around him .
You could have gotten him off the team .
Sure , it 's easy to say that in hindsight , but the true value in this solution is two-fold :
1 ) You learn from failures like this , so that next time you don't fail ( at least , not for the same reason . )
2 ) You learn to stop blaming others for your failures , and to take responsibility for your own destiny .
The value of this second point is incalculable .
If you start taking control of your destiny , and stop letting others control it , you will get to the life you want .
You will achieve whatever you want .
If you continue to let others sabotage you , and continue to be satisfied with blaming them and telling yourself ( and others ) that it wasn't your fault , you 'll have a much harder time .
So I ask you , my dear readers :
How can you take more personal responsibility ?
Even if you 're already good at this , where have you been blaming others ,
and what can you do to be the solution to the situation ?
I 'd love to hear your answers in the comments .
If you 're totally honest in the comments , you 're a brave person .
But the important thing is that you 're honest with yourself , even if you don't leave a comment .
It might not be long before those little signs on storefront windows read
" We accept Visa , Mastercard , American Express , Discovery and Google Checkout " .
Google released last week an extension for its Chrome browser that makes on-the-go payment for Android smartphone users possible .
The technology relies on several factors ,
the least of which being that the customer both has a Google Checkout account and is using an Android phone ,
but offers another example of how we will soon be leaving even the credit card behind to pay with our smartphones .
Google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .
The merchant has to set up a Google Checkout merchant account , populate the store with merchandise and then install the Android Payment Chrome Extension .
From there , when a customer wants to buy something , the merchant creates a shopping cart with those items on their computer .
The extension will then create a QRcode , which when scanned with the phone will take the customer to Google Checkout page where they can complete the transaction .
The primary benefit of this approach is that it doesn't have the same security concerns that have delayed the launch of mobile credit card based payment system Square .
The actual act of payment , with Google 's solution , does not require the swiping of a credit card and keeps the act of payment solely in the hands of the customer .
While Google 's solution is also platform and browser dependent ,
it shows how mobile payment can really work for both the merchant and the consumer while keeping security risks to a minimum .
It seems that the space is ripe for a company like Google or PayPal to jump in and offer a similar solution that could work across multiple browsers and phone operating systems .
As a runner , there is almost nothing in this world that can take me to the places that running does .
I find solitude in my running , I find my thoughts and my peace , I find energy and motivation ,
I come up with my best ideas and solve my toughest problems .
Running transforms me .
I try to encourage others to run , but even if they want to do it , they don't know how .
Today , I 'm going to give you my advice ( as an intermediate runner , not an expert ) on how to go from sitting on the couch to being a true runner .
I won't say that it 'll be easy , especially in the beginning .
But I will say that it won't kill you ( assuming you don't have major health problems )
and that it will get easier and even fun in a few short weeks .
If you 're fit enough to walk for 20 or 30 minutes , you should be able to do this program .
The Benefits of Running Why should you even consider doing this program ( or running at all ? )
Lots of reasons .
Just a few to start with :
You 'll get healthier .
There are other ways to get healthy , of course , including dozens of other types of exercises .
But running is one great way .
If you stick to a moderate running program , I can almost guarantee that you 'll get slimmer and your heart will get stronger and your cholesterol will go down .
Your diet is a big factor , of course , but more on that in the next benefit .
You 'll eat better .
When you start running  and this can take a few weeks or more  you start to realize that what you eat is fuel .
And you realize that burgers and fries and soda are not the best fuel .
So you start to eat cleaner fuel , and it can start to be a lifetime habit .
This doesn't always happen , but I 've seen it happen a lot .
It may take a while before you get a really clean diet , but the desire to change starts relatively soon .
You 'll want to quit smoking .
It's hard to keep smoking if you really get into running .
Some people keep smoking while running , but I 've seen tons of runners who quit smoking , because they know that smoking doesn't jibe with their lifestyle .
If you 're looking for a good way to quit , start with running .
You 'll find solitude .
In the hectic bustle of everyday life , many people have trouble finding time for themselves , time to think and to find peace .
Running will become your oasis of peace , a time you look forward to each day .
Races are super fun .
Once you 've been running for a month or two , you should sign up for a 5K .
It 'll be a great time .
The camaraderie among runners , slow and fast , young and old , is a wonderful thing .
The feeling of accomplishment when you cross the finish line is unbeatable .
And after awhile , you might try 10Ks , half marathons , maybe even a marathon .
There 's nothing like doing road races .
You 'll lower your stress levels .
It beats smoking , drinking , vegging out in front of the television , almost anything else I can think of , for getting rid of the stresses of your life .
You 'll think better .
Running is the time when my mind is clearest .
It's hard to really think about things when you have the noise of the modern world around you ,
but when you 're alone on the road , you can't help but think in silence .
You 'll find the warrior within you .
There is something about running that transforms you .
In the beginning , it can be very difficult , and there will be times when you feel like stopping ,
but if you can beat that little negative voice inside you that wants to stop , you will learn that you can beat anything .
Running will teach you to overcome your doubts and negativity , and that's a gift that will take you to new heights in anything you do .
The Rules Before we start , I 'd like to offer a few rules :
Start small .
This is mandatory .
Many people make the mistake of starting too hard , and they get burned out or injured or discouraged within a couple of weeks .
This program is designed to get you running for life , so if you have lots of enthusiasm when you start , that 's great  but you MUST rein it in and start small .
That enthusiasm that you have to hold back will keep you going for much longer if you don't spend it all the first week .
Increase gradually .
Another mandatory rule .
If you do n't follow this rule , you should n't follow the program .
Trust me , I know how it feels like the rules of increasing gradually don't apply to you 
I made that mistake when I started out and got injured .
Your mind ( and even your heart and lungs ) might be able to handle doing more , but your legs might not .
It takes awhile for your muscles and tendons and ligaments and joints to adjust to the stress of running , and if you progress to rapidly , you 'll get injured .
Increase but very gradually .
Enjoy yourself .
Very mandatory .
If you don't enjoy yourself , you 'll never stick with it .
So try to have as much fun as possible .
Enjoy getting fit and healthy !
Enjoy burning off your fat !
Enjoy the sweat !
Enjoy the relaxation of burning off stress !
Running should be fun , not torture .
If you can , get a partner .
This is not really a rule but a suggestion
if you can find a reliable partner , it makes it a bit easier .
First , having someone to talk to while you walk ( and later run ) makes the time go by extremely quickly .
Second , if you make an appointment to meet that person for your walk ( or run , ) you 're more likely to stick to the appointment rather than wimp out .
The Five Steps OK , here are the five steps to becoming a runner .
There are some rough timeframes in each step , but the real rule is to increase only when you feel ready , and no sooner .
If you need longer for a step , take longer .
There's no rush .
But if you think you can do it sooner , I would suggest that you not .
Step 1 :
Start walking .
Start out by walking just 3 times the first week , and four times the second .
The first week , you only need to do 20-25 minutes .
Increase to 25-30 minutes the second week .
After this , you can graduate to the next step , or if you 'd like to stay in this step for a week or two longer , that's OK .
If you stay longer , walk 4 times the third week , 30-35 minutes each time .
The fourth week , stay at 4 times , but increase to 35-40 minutes .
Step 2 : Start run / walking .
Do this step very gradually , just a little more each time .
For this step , you 'll continue to exercise 4 times a week .
You want to warm up by walking for 10 minutes .
Then do a very , very easy run/walk routine :
jog lightly for 1 minute ( or 30 seconds if that seems too hard , ) then walk for 2 minutes .
Repeat these intervals for 10-15 minutes , then do a 10 -minute walking cool down .
Do this step for two weeks , or longer if you like .
Step 3 :
Lengthen the running .
Once you 're comfortable running for a minute at a time , for several intervals each time you exercise , you 're ready to start running a little longer .
Continue to exercise 4 times per week .
Increase your running to 1 minute 30 seconds , with an equal walking
30 running
30 walking for 15 minutes .
Do this a couple times or more , then increase running to two minutes , with walking for 1 minute .
Do this a few times or more , then increase to running 2 :
30 , walking 30 seconds to a minute .
If any of these increases feels too hard , feel free to go back a step until you're comfortable increasing .
Don't rush it .
You should stay in this step for 2-3 weeks or more .
Step 4 :
Follow the Rule of 9 .
Once you start Step 3 above , you 're basically running with short walk breaks .
This can seem difficult , but it 'll get easier .
Commit to doing 9 running workouts in Step 3 after that , it 'll get easier .
The first 9 running workouts can be difficult , but after that , it almost always gets better and more enjoyable .
Don't quit before the 9 running workouts !
After the 9 , try running with only infrequent walk breaks .
Step 5 :
Take your running to new levels .
First of all , celebrate ! You 're now a runner .
You might be walking a little during your runs , but there 's nothing wrong with that .
In fact , feel free to keep doing walk breaks as you work on your running endurance .
Some runners have been known to do a marathon with walk breaks , running 10 minutes and walking 1 minute .
That 's completely fine .
Eventually you probably won't need the walk breaks , but no need to rush .
In this step , you want to continue taking your running to new levels .
There are a number of ways to do this :
Gradually increase your running until you can do 30-40 minutes of running at a time , 4 days a week .
Do this increase gradually , as you should be mostly running for 15 minutes at a time by the end of Step 4 just increase by 5 minutes each week .
Sign up for a 5K .
If you can run for 30-40 minutes , you can complete a 5K .
Sign up for one ( there are races almost every weekend in many places ) and participate with the idea of just finishing .
Have fun doing it !
Once you have increased your running to 30-40 minutes at a time , designate one run a week as your " long run . "
Try to increase this by 5 minutes each week , until you can do an hour or more .
This is your endurance run , and it is a key to most running programs .
Once you've got endurance , you can add some hills to your program .
Add hills gradually , by finding a more hilly course ,
and eventually adding hill repeats  run ( kind of ) hard up the hill , then easy down the hill ,
and do 3-5 repeats .
After hills , do a little speed workout once a week .
Do intervals of a couple of minutes of medium-hard running , with a couple minutes of easy running .
Make these speed workouts shorter than your normal runs  if you run for 40 minutes , do 25-30 minutes for your speed workouts .
Be sure to warm up and cool down with easy running for 10 minutes .
Tempo runs are good workouts when you re ready .
That means a 10 minute warmup , then 20 minutes or so of running somewhere between your 10K and half-marathon pace .
That means going the pace you think you can race for an hour , but only doing it for 20-30 minutes .
Run with a group , or run alone . Don't always run alone or with a partner . Mix things up .
Find new routes .
Don't always run the same routes .
Try running on a track , in a different neighborhood , on a treadmill , on trails .
After you 've done a few 5Ks , sign up for a 10K .
Then a half marathon . Then a marathon .
But do one step at a time .
Most of all , enjoy your runs !
Photograph : Michael Lavine ' Technically " , decides Billy Duffy , walking into the restaurant of a Madrid hotel on a hot afternoon , dressed head to toe in black ,
" my best days are behind me . But I feel like I 'm having pretty good days now .
" He may have been the guitarist with the Cult these past 30 years and lived in LA for much of his adult life
the adopted Californian and his girlfriend even featured in a US reality TV show recently called Married to Rock alongside Perry Farrell , Duff McKagan and Steve " Billy Idol Band " Stevens and their other halves
but Duffy is still every inch the bluff Mancunian .
He 's looking forward to a joint five-date tour of the UK with Killing Joke and the Mission that starts on 10 September ,
and he says he doesn't " do all our yesterdays , "
but he does take the opportunity to reflect on the last time the Cult and the Mission went on the road together through Europe , back in the mid- 80s . "
It worked well " , he grins , ordering tea  he 's been teetotal for years , since the Cult 's glory days of epic overindulgence when he would down pints of Jack Daniels and Coke . "
Apart from fighting in Belgium and the hotel destruction , the arrests and ending up in jail .
Actually , I never got arrested , I was always too smart  I always see the handcuffs coming . I duck and dive .
That period is a bit blurry . It seems like a lifetime ago .
" They might only be playing in a modest 2,000 -capacity venue in the Spanish capital tonight , but the Cult are still big business ,
if not quite the rock behemoths they were during their late -1980s pomp , when albums such as Sonic Temple made the band , previously a goth act with a mainly cult following , a massive attraction on both sides of the Atlantic .
Duffy , however , never swallowed the hype , even if it was self-penned . "
We played it up that we were the biggest band on the planet " , he says . "
I never thought we were .
I was always waiting for it to be over .
" Despite the drink , drugs and sex  which he says he did to excess , " but not in that order "
he " never really revelled in it or had a long-term plan . "
he admits he has always been content for the Cult to be a medium-sized fish in a big pond . "
I always thought of the Cult as the Fulham of the Premiership " , says the diehard Manchester City fan . "
A cute little ground where everyone likes going , and a team that sometimes beats the big clubs .
" Nevertheless , he acknowledges the influence the Cult had on grunge , concedes that they were " the first British band after punk that , you know , rocked , " and believes that the Cult have just made an album , Choice of Weapon , as good as any from their heyday . "
You have to contextualise it " , he asserts . "
As 50-year-olds we 've made a record that doesn't sound middle-aged , sloppy and lazy .
It 's as heartfelt as anything we ever did .
" He adds : "
We certainly don't need to do it for the money .
" Whatever his ambivalence about the Cult 's significance , there is one thing about which Duffy is in no doubt : the greatness of frontman Ian Astbury .
He knew it the first time he saw the Cult 's predecessors Southern Death Cult  when the guitarist was still in Theatre of Hate  at Keele University . "
Ian came on with his mohawk and moccasins , his bells and self-made chaps , doing that weird little dance across the stage he used to do , and when he opened his mouth it was the loudest thing I heard in my life .
There 's something in the DNA of the legendary performers like Robert Plant and Mick Jagger .
They're born , not made .
Ian Astbury is one of those .
" It could be the volume of the support band , but talking to Astbury later on backstage at the venue , he 's almost too softly spoken to hear .
But then , maybe Duffy meant intensity and charisma , not decibels .
Astbury has the mesmeric allure  not to mention the bone structure and hair , even at 50 - of a proper rock star .
No wonder Oliver Stone wanted him to play the part of Jim Morrison in his movie about the Doors , and no wonder the Doors themselves invited him to join them in 2002 . "
I was in the Doors , inside the dynasty , the royal house " , recalls Astbury . " But I never once went :
' This is my spot ' .
Why ?
Because it was his .
I didn't try to be Jim Morrison .
" Much of my conversation with Astbury  and with Duffy , to be fair  concerns the perception of the Cult , the line on which they have always teetered between authentic and absurd , and the notion that they are not worthy : of critical approbation , of being held in the same regard as their heroes .
Duffy rattles off a list of his favourites , including Johnny Thunders , Buzzcocks , Stooges , Roxy Music and Mott The Hoople .
Astbury has similarly catholic tastes , but ultimately , he says , what matters are his holy trinity :
Morrison , Bowie and Ian Curtis . "
Joy Division 's New Dawn Fades destroys me " , he says . "
I 'm so tied to Curtis , and to Bowie and Morrison , these individuals and what they reached for .
That's why I rip myself apart .
" Left to right : Billy Duffy , Ian Astbury , Nigel Preston and Jamie Stewart in 1984 .
Photograph : Erica Echenberg/Redferns Astbury has been ripping himself apart for most of his life , and he 's been ripped apart for as much of it .
The Cult were never exactly darlings of the music press , who took great delight in mocking Astbury for his " wolf child " persona , and his identification with Native Americans , which was perhaps justifiable considering he grew up in the US " steeped in that iconography . "
At a time when British indie bands ( the Smiths , New Order ) made a virtue of their ordinariness , the Cult were OTT-ishly otherworldly . "
" and there has been a lot thrown at me  about my experiences growing up , the Americanisms ..
There are a lot of myths and misconceptions about me in the UK media " , he says ,
those comments about ' being two teepees short of a reservation ' or : ' His mother must have been sniffing glue when she gave birth to him . '
Did they sting ?
My mother was dying of cancer at the time .
I was a teenager , changing her bedsheets , watching her die in pools of faeces and vomit .
It absolutely fucking hurt .
They [ the press ] had no idea who I was , where I was from or what I 'd been through .
All they knew was this kid who was so incredibly earnest . I had no concept of irony . And that made people want to throw bricks at me .
" Not just bricks , but punches , and worse :
Astbury 's story is by turns picaresque and plain grotesque .
The son of a merchant- navy engineer , his family moved around a lot , with stints in Canada , Liverpool and Glasgow , after which he spent time in Bradford and Belfast .
He recounts being regularly beaten to within an inch of his life by local hardnuts . "
Guys would see me with my mohawk and nose pierced , all androgynous looking , but I 'd be the one with girls " , he says . "
They 'd lose their shit and give me a battering .
I was frequently hospitalised with black eyes and broken noses .
" His teenage years were a litany of disasters .
He somehow managed to get run over three times , and on one occasion , while he was working at a restaurant in Glasgow , he was sexually abused by the manager . "
It was very violent and pretty heavy " , he says , but he couldn 't speak out about it because he didn't want to hurt his family . "
My father died not knowing .
He would have killed the guy .
How did it affect me ? It was a vile moment , but I took it in my stride .
It was just another event that I had to deal with .
" One of Astbury 's ways of dealing with the abuse , both physical and verbal , over the years has been to seek solace in drink , other times in pilgrimages to Tibet .
Not all the methods have worked . "
I ve been through some very dark periods " , he admits . "
Periods of self-doubt when I felt irrelevant and that I wasn't doing good work .
I 'm my own harshest critic .
" He was even racked with self-loathing at the height of the Cult 's success . "
I thought Sonic Temple had its moments but it wasn't where I wanted to be as an artist " , he says .
On Honey From a Knife , the opening track from Choice of Weapon , he details a more recent crisis of confidence . "
I felt emotionally dead " , he recalls . " i 'd gone into my apartment in New York and was like :
' Fuck this .
Fuck it all ' .
I felt disconnected , dead .
So I took a knife and fssssh , " he says , mimicking the sound the blade made as it tore into the flesh of his forearm .
He remembers taping up the gaping wound and wandering around the city , looking for a friend who could stitch him up .
Was he , I wonder , seeking vindication for his pain ?
Is this how Hendrix , Cobain , Winehouse and the other 27 year old members of " that stupid club " must have suffered ?
He responds with a question of his own " .
Have you never punched anything with incredible frustration , said , ' Fuck this , ' !
kicked the door or hurt yourself ?
Before I can answer , he is telling me about the woman who " saved my life "  his new wife , Aimee , " a kick-ass Australian " who came along three years ago and told him : "
You 're not that bad .
Get off your own dick .
Whatever 's going on , it 's no big deal . Stop ripping yourself apart .
" " Once I got past that " , he says , " I could get on with things like making this album .
It's the record I needed to make 20 years ago .
" Billy Duffy can only concur , albeit in his modest Mancunian way . "
It's a pretty good record , it 's been well received , people are liking it  thank fuck for that .
How many bands from our era can say that about their latest album ?
" For Astbury , it's confirmation that the Cult are almost in a position to join the all-time greats at the top table . "
I got battered " , he says of his numerous critical maulings . "
But so did Jim Morrison .
They thought he was a buffoon , a drunken idiot .
All those intellectuals whose praise he was seeking .
Maybe because of the mess in my head I could never attain what I was after .
But now I feel as though we 're getting somewhere .
I' m connected to the material , and it feels authentic .
Now we 're getting in the room .
" Choice of Weapon is out now on Cooking Vinyl .
The Cult 's co-headlining tour with the Mission and Killing Joke opens in Manchester on September 10
Last month , Twitter started promoting ad keywords in its " trending topics " list .
With this system , users are brought to a search results page , where the page is topped by a promoted Tweet .
But does it work is the question .
The answer seems to be yes .
Today the National Basketball Association purchased " LeBron James " as a trending topic .
Discussion on Mr . James has increased markedly since then .
Since the topic has been purchased it has gone from 500 Tweets per hour to 3,000 and rising .
Below you 'll see a chart tracking mentions on Twitter of the terms NBA and LeBron James , before and after the ad placement went into effect .
The chart comes from Seattle startup Rowfeeder . Rowfeeder 's Adam Schoenfeld posted it on Twitter this afternoon .
Knowing whether the purchase was a wise one will require time .
If the purchased topic keeps trending , it may indicate a safe bet for future advertisers .
Nintendo 3DS hands-on report
Gamesblog gets its hands on Nintendo 's wonderful 3D gaming handheld , and tries out Metal Gear , Resident Evil and Kid Icarus !
Satoru Iwata holds the Nintendo 3DS aloft during the company 's E3 2010 press briefing .
Nintendo did n't mess around at E3 .
Having shown off an array of intriguing titles featuring a nostalgic cast of the company 's most cherished characters , CEO Satoru Iwata then revealed the Nintendo 3DS , a handheld console complete with glasses-free 3D technology .
As with the Nintendo DS , the console features two screens .
At the top is the 3.5 " display that provides the 3D visuals , while at the bottom there 's a slightly smaller touch screen display .
On the right-hand side is a slider that controls the level of the 3D graphical effect  it can even be switched off completely .
On the left-hand side of the touch screen there 's an analogue controller and a D-pad , while the usual four-button array sits on the right .
There are also three cameras , one above the screens , and two on the other side , which will allow users to take 3D digital photographs  a fantastic little feature .
Iwata-san did n't confirm any technical details , but mentioned that the graphics processor has been updated since the Nintendo DS , allowing for better visuals .
The device also contains an accelerometer and a gyro sensor for full motion controls .
A subscription free wi-fi service is also included , which keeps 3DS owners connected at all times and automatically downloading game data and other extras whenever they become available .
Alongside the announcement of Nintendo 's Kid Icarus Uprising , an RPG adventure designed exclusively for the device , dozens of developers and publishers were revealed to have games in development .
Highlights include DJ Hero , Resident Evil Revelations , Metal Gear Solid , Ridge Racer and Saint's Row .
Nintendo is also working on Mario Kart 3DS , Paper Mario 3DS and Animal Crossing 3DS among several others .
The release date is set for this Winter .
After the press event , key members of the media were ushered into a backstage area to get hands-on sessions with several game demos .
Somehow , Gamesblog snuck in , as well .
And yes , it works beautifully .
Nintendo is almost certain to have used an off-the-shelf lenticular screen technology , already seen in several mobile phones and laptops .
You can perceive 3D only if the console is directly in front of you , but this is fine for handheld gaming .
I actually found it pretty adaptable in terms of viewing from different vertical positions .
It was much more sensitive if the handheld was turned slightly to the left or right , but really , it coped perfectly with the slight shifts and jerks you 'd get on a morning commute .
I saw short , essentially non-interactive , demos of several titles .
Kid Icarus , once a 2D platformer with RPG elements , is now a lovely bright 3D adventure , with some gorgeous aerial sequences .
When the angelic lead character flies through the clouds with the ground far below , there 's an amazing sense of depth and scale , totally at odds with the relatively small size of the screen ( an effect that Iwata-san hinted at in his presentation . )
We were also allowed to see a short demo of Resident Evil Revelations , a 3DS - exclusive from Capcom .
The action seems to take place on a giant ocean liner amid a terrifying storm .
On board are Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine who seem to be coming to blows over some typically obtuse Resi plot point , while a shady prisoner looks on .
This time , we could use the analogue stick to look around the scene , using short smooth wiping motions on the button .
It 's also possible to zoom in and out using the A and B buttons .
The longest demo was a 3DS version of Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater .
From a first-person perspective , we join Snake crawling through the undergrowth of a jungle back in 1964 , encountering the odd exotic animal as leaves flutter around the character .
At one point he triggers a trap which sends a spiked log rolling quickly toward the camera , before it bounces over .
The sense of depth here , and the way the 3D visuals allow you to pick out different levels of the foliage , make this impressively dramatic .
My favourite bit was when Snake stands up and walks over a rope bridge .
At this point the demo allowed me to pan the camera all around him , getting an awesome 3D view .
It 's hard to describe , but in some ways this 3D Snake resembles a beautifully painted Games Workshop figurine .
The most interactive demo was Nintendogs + Cats , a new 3DS version of the classic pet sim from Shigeru Miyamoto .
Here I could choose from three puppies , a beagle , golden retriever or Yorkshire terrier , then watch my canine pal gambol about a 3D room .
If the dog comes up and lean on the screen , you can pet it by stroking the touch screen .
It 's also possible to select from a series of items to share with the dog .
There 's a ball and a boomerang to throw ( using a wipe on the touch screen , ) and , as in the original , you can dress the poor thing up ; items included a Mario cap , woollen hat and a selection of sunglasses . You can even give your unfortunate pooch a pompadour haircut .
Nintendo was also showing off a basic version of the photography software , allowing users to take photos and use the analogue stick to shift the two versions of the image until it worked as a 3D photo with a separated background .
This could well prove to be a key selling point in the casual sector  it 's just so much fun .
Finally , there were a couple of movie trailers on show .
Nintendo has forged deals with Disney , Dreamworks and Warner to make a selection of 3D animated movies available on 3DS via digital download .
There are no details yet , but I saw Disney 's new Tangled movie and the effect was spot on .
My sons will love it .
Rich colours , a robust 3D experience and some intriguing games , this was my moment of the E3 experience so far .
There are three days of the main show to go though ..
The Four H Guide To Speech Evaluations
As a long time Toastmaster , I 've heard hundreds of speeches over the years .
Many have been good , a few have been great , and some have literally been a waste of time .
What makes the difference between a good speech and a great speech ?
While many books and articles have been written on the subject , I think the process can be distilled down to four specific items that are easy to remember .
I call this the Four H guide to speech evaluations .
While I 've heard similar concepts from others here is my take on the subject . You can stand in front of a mirror and act this out .
1 . Head :
Make me think .
This is the facts and figures of a speech .
Give me the data . Make it compelling .
Give me your unique take on the subject .
Do n't repeat tired phrases or old manifestos .
Bring me fresh ideas  make me think !
2 . Heart :
Make me feel .
Add emotion to your speech . Bring me into your story .
Give me unique characters , with names and personalities . Give me cause and effect .
Give me the problem as well as the solution .
Give me contrast  what is and what could be .
Bottom Line  If I do n't feel it , I wo n't remember it .
3 . Hands :
Ask me to take action .
I 've heard so many good speeches over the years that have left this important point out .
The speaker gives me facts .
They may even give me emotion and make a great case for their cause or project .
But when the speech is over , they have n't done the most important thing .
They have n't asked me to take action .
If you do n't close the sale , you 've wasted your time  and mine .
4 . Humor :
Make me smile .
Adding some humor to your presentation makes it real .
Whether it 's a joke , a humorous story , a funny quote , always lighten things up a little with some humor .
Your audience will thank you .
Just be careful , a little humor goes a long ways .
Overall :
If you follow this simple guide , you 'll have the basis for a great speech .
You 'll better engage your audience , give them something heart felt to remember , and offer them a way to participate .
And if you leave them with a smile along the way , you 'll have completed your job !
Question :
What are your requirements for a great speech evaluation ?
Having been married for more than 40 years , I can attest to the truth of the following statement : to excel in the art of domestic argument , one must master the art of losing .
Modern psychologists are taken with the " win-win " solution .
But in marriage , success resides more in " lose-lose " solutions .
Out of these , both parties can win .
For in the love configuration , losing gives a gift that always returns .
One day shortly after my wife and I were married , we set about picking new living-room wallpaper from a book of samples .
My taste and hers were at odds .
" I like this one , " she said .
" That looks like a section of a diseased liver . "
" How can you say that ?
This is a classical pattern that goes all the way back to the Venetian . "
" The Venetian were blind .
They named blinds after them , remember ?
I like this one . "
" I would n't hang that in hell if I were the devil . "
As the argument went on , my wife suddenly slammed the book shut . " There are over two hundred samples in this book , " she declared .
" I say we spend our energy finding one that suits us both , instead of bickering over the ones we do n't like . "
And that 's how we settled it .
Eventually we found a pattern we both liked .
The " wallpaper book " became our symbol for settling the myriad issues that arise in marriage .
" Well , " she 'd say when we could n't agree on furniture or a place to vacation , " there are plenty of samples in the wallpaper book " .
The issues that people argue over most in marriage , such as how to spend money , often are n't the real ones .
The key issue is :
who is going to be in control ?
When I was younger , my need to control arose out of fear , a lack of trust , insecurity .
The day I finally realized I did n't need to control my wife  that , indeed , I ought not control her , that I could n't control her , and that if I tried to , I would destroy our marriage  was the day our marriage began .
and that if I tried to , I would destroy our marriage  was the day our marriage began .
Giving up control is often confused with weakness .
But the winner in a domestic argument is never really the winner .
When you win a battle and your partner submits , you have , paradoxically , lost .
What is it we want most from a marriage ?
To grow , to discover .
A love relationship is the garden in which we plant , cultivate and harvest the most precious of crops , our own self , and in which our spouse is provided the same rich soil in which to bloom .
We can not obtain what we want unless our partner also gets what he or she wants .
A woman may , for instance , want to go to the symphony .
Her husband might hate symphonies .
But by spending a few hours listening to music he does n't care for , he can bring joy to his partner .
That 's a pretty cheap price to pay for joy , is n't it ?
But what if a husband wants to go on a fishing trip with friends ?
Suddenly there are n't a lot of samples in the wallpaper book : his wife either agrees or not .
Already you can hear the usual power strategies :
" I 'll spend my money any way I please , " or " How come you 're such a millstone ?
Jim 's wife is happy that he gets to go . "
Toyota Motor Corp. and Honda Motor Co. sacrificed earnings in China by raising wages to end strikes last week .
The government 's decision to let the yuan strengthen may further erode profits .
China 's central bank will allow the nation 's currency more flexibility , it said in a statement yesterday , signaling an end to the yuan 's two-year-old peg to the dollar .
The looser currency stance comes " on the back of all these moves to endorse the wage increases " ,
said Jim O'Neill , Goldman Sachs Group chief global economist in a Bloomberg Television interview yesterday . " It 's all part of moving to the consumer , more domestic - demand - driven economy " .
Toyoda Gosei Co,. an affiliate of the world 's biggest automaker , yesterday ended a strike that had disrupted car assembly , said Mieko Iwasaki , a spokeswoman for Toyota .
Labor unrest also affected Honda 's assembly plants in the nation , and both Japanese companies agreed to raise wages at suppliers to avert further stoppages .
Foreign manufacturers in China including the Japanese carmakers and Taiwan 's Foxconn Technology Group are spending more on labor .
Foxconn , which makes iPhones for Apple Inc , . said it will double salaries for its lowest-paid workers after at least 10 Chinese employees killed themselves this year .
A stronger Chinese currency will add to operating costs for foreign businesses , whose margins are already under pressure from rising wages , said David Cohen , director for economic forecasting at Singapore-based Action Economics . '
' Very Competitive ' " This would make their costs higher " , he said in a telephone interview today ,
" But by most estimates , the yuan was undervalued and China still remains a very competitive place to operate " .
A rising yuan will also help contain inflation , Cohen said , which may reduce worker wage demands .
Higher investment and improved wages in western China are deterring workers from migrating , pushing up pay in more industrialized regions like Guangdong in the south , David Abrahamson , project manager at the China Center for Labor and Environment , said by phone from Shenzhen .
More than 20 Chinese provinces and cities raised minimum wages this year , the Shenzhen city government said on its website .
In Shenzhen , which raised minimum wages an average of 15.8 percent , the government said higher pay will help companies recruit workers and will boost consumption .
Meanwhile , Chinese workers are not disturbed about the yuan flexibility affecting their salaries .
" We have signed a contract " , said Yin Qiu Ying , a worker at Honda Lock ( Guangdong ) Co,. where employees ended a five-day strike last week .
" The chance of this is very small " .
How to Write a Screenplay Critique
A screenplay critique evaluates the screenwriter 's skill in cinematic storytelling .
The reader analyzes the script 's elements , including :
plot , principle characters , dialogue , setting , momentum , formatting and genre .
Although there are different ways to evaluate a screenplay , this is a basic blueprint for the novice .
The objective is to provide the writer with constructive insights that will assist him in honing his cinematic storytelling ability .
The Screenplay Critique
Step 1 Start with a line-by-line read-through , making notations on typos , grammatical and formatting errors , listing principle and secondary characters and first impressions .
Then do a second read-through , focusing on the screenplay 's elements .
Step 2 The plot defines the sequence of events that lead the protagonist to her objective .
This is broken down into the following sequential plot points :
the opening hook , mini crisis , dilemma , reaction , reversal , tent pole , epiphany at the low point that causes the protagonist to create a new goal that flows into the climax .
Step 3 The dimension and depth of characters must create contradiction for the audience to bond with them .
Determine if the writer is grinding his own axe or the characters live in their own logic and act accordingly .
Characters display both internal and external struggles , exposing their vulnerabilities , strengths , flaws and most importantly an arc , meaning they have grown from the beginning or resolved the plot 's conflict by the end .
Step 4 Dialogue primarily reveals the characters ' voices , and how the characters relate to each other while moving the plot forward .
Dialogue sets the pacing and must pop off the page devoid of any overwritten monologues .
Step 5 It 's important to note the story 's turning points and the magnitude of the plot 's conflict , and how well conflicts are resolved .
Identify the subplots and determine how they support the main plot line , or distract from it .
Step 6 Structure is the A to B linear journey in three acts .
Act I establishes time period , location , the inciting incident , introduces the characters and dilemma .
Act II depicts the protagonist and antagonist conflicts and a point of no return with the unexpected twist .
Act III is the apex of the story .
The other consideration is the action scene descriptions .
These must be concise and typically no longer than four to five lines long .
Step 7 Having completed these steps , a summary can be written highlighting the screenplays strengths and weaknesses and if there is an over-arching plot .
Typically , a three paragraph summary is sufficient for the writer to review and cull pertinent feedback from the critique 's insights .
The general screenplay length is from 90 to 120 pages . A screenplay can be a mixture of genres .
With the rise of iPhone crazies , Blackberry geeks and Android fanatics , mobile search is finally beginning to experience the growth that search folks hoped it would .
Services like FourSquare , Twitter geolocation and Yelp for Mobile will only intensify this growth over the coming year as they create new opportunities for search and users to go mobile .
Paul Rosenfeld was absolutely right in his SmallBizTrends post yesterday , mobile marketing is something you can't miss this year .
Though 46 percent of small business owners still do n't even have a ' traditional ' Web site , it's becoming more important to think about not only creating a mobile Web site , but creating an optimized one for users .
Who cares about mobile ?
For one thing , your customers do .
I 'll be mentioning this a bit more in an upcoming SmallBizTrends post ,
but according to a recent Nielsen study , the number of people using their mobile phones to access the Web is up 34 percent from last year , bringing it to 56.9 million people .
Now that 's enough of a reason by itself , but consider along with it that most of those searchers are people who are on the move or looking for information related to things in their neighborhood . That 's targeted traffic .
And if you 're not taking the steps to make sure your Web site is mobile-accessible so that these people can find you AND access your site , you 're throwing it all away .
There was an interesting article on Read Write Web that showed just how frustrated consumers are with the state of mobile Web sites today .
According to the survey quoted in the article , 58 percent of mobile users expect a site to load ' almost/just as quickly or faster ' than the PC version .
Even worse , if the site does n't load quickly enough , sixty-one percent said it 's unlikely that they would ever visit that site again from their mobile device .
Still not bad enough ?
Forty percent said they would seek out a competitor 's site that provided a similar service .
What should a mobile site contain ?
It should contain only the information that would be most vital to someone looking up your site on the go .
Mobile searchers are typically people on a mission .
They 're looking for an address or a phone number because they 're lost .
They want a menu .
They want hours or need a map to see which points of interest you 're near .
Your mobile site should be set up to immediately address these questions so that you can take advantage of these targeted searchers .
There are lots of ways to create a quick mobile version of your Web site .
WordPress plugins like the one from Alex King can help you create a mobile-friendly edition .
You can also find paid converters like MoFuse and MOBIFY ( I recommend them in that order , ) to help you optimize your site for a smaller browser and offer a condensed version of your site instead of the entire kitchen sink .
How do I know what my site looks like ?
If you 're not sure how your site performs or renders on a mobile device , your first step is find out .
Most phone and PDA brands offer emulators that SMB owners can use to test their site .
The Opera Web browser will also let you test by selecting the Small Screen viewing option .
Using these emulators will give you a good idea as to how your site will load and operate on different handsets .
Outside of the free emulators , BrowserCam is a paid service that will help you determine how pages are loading , whether certain functionality is disabled , where it 's hanging up , etc .
We 've reached a point where it 's not good enough for SMB owners to simply be targeting people on the PC Web .
As the social media craze has taught us , we have to attract customers where they are . And more and more that means hitting them on their mobile phones .
Search Engine Land recently offered up 10 reasons your Web site should go mobile that are very on point , as well .
Aardvark has seen tremendous improvements since launching a private beta early in 2009 .
We 've consistently had major releases every few weeks , and we 're only accelerating .
Since Top 10 lists seem to be all the rage this time of year , I thought I 'd share my top 10 favorite Aardvark developments of 2009 :
10 .
All the great press .
A year ago no one had heard of Aardvark :
we were in " stealth mode " up until March , when we launched an invite-only version of Aardvark at the South By Southwest conference .
Since then we 've received amazing reviews by some of the top technology journalists in the world , and Aardvark 's founders have been featured at major industry conferences .
We 're humbled by the reviews and extremely energized by the attention !
9 .
Share your conversations with friends .
There are lots of times when you want to share conversations with friends  when you 're coordinating plans , spreading interesting tidbits , or just showing off how much you 've helped someone !
In August we launched the Share Transcript feature  and we 're already seeing almost 100 conversations shared on Twitter every day !
8 .
Real-Time Twitter integration .
Aardvark is a contact that you can get in touch with from anywhere .
We want Aardvark to live where you live , so we integrate with all of the major IM networks , including AIM , Yahoo !
Messenger , MSN Messenger ( Windows Live , ) and Gtalk ( and Gmail Chat . )
In July , we launched Aardvark 's integration with Twitter , which lets you Aardvark questions via Twitter by including ' @ vark ' and a question mark in any Tweet .
( And ReadWriteWeb listed Aardvark as one of the most important Real-Time Web products of the year ) !
7 .
Ever-increasing ways to share your feedback .
We 've said it before and I 'll say it again :
we * love * user feedback .
We read and respond to every piece of feedback we get  written in to feedback@vark.com , or in response to the various user research that we conduct .
In June , we opened up our Community Forum , which lets you suggest new features , see other peoples ' suggestions , and add comments and votes .
Thousands of people have already contributed to the forum ; thanks !
6 .
Refer a question to someone who knows .
Sometimes you do n't know the answer to a question , but you know that one of your friends has an answer .
In June , we launched the refer feature over IM , which lets you send a question to a friend .
Soon after we launched refer interfaces on the iPhone and the Aardvark website , too !
5 .
Research crossed the threshold .
Our research team is constantly making improvements to the AI system that figures out which Aardvark users are the best match to answer a question .
About halfway through this past year , our technology became ready for prime time :
we passed the threshold of 90 % questions answered , most in under 5 minutes !
4 .
Aardvark Mobile on the iPhone .
Social Search is invaluable when you 're on the go  it 's the best way to get quick , trusted answers about neighborhood places , travel tips , entertainment recommendations , and lots more .
We introduced Social Search on the iPhone in September with our first release of Aardvark Mobile ; the response was spectacular , and Apple chose to feature Aardvark as a top iPhone App .
3 .
Aardvark on the web at www.vark.com.
We initially built Aardvark with an IM interface , and gradually started adding compelling interfaces over email , Twitter , and iPhone .
Then in October we released our brand new website , the introduction of Social Search to the web .
2 .
New team members .
In the past year , Aardvark has grown from 15 people to 30 of the best engineers , researchers , designers and operators in the entire technology industry .
And we 're still hiring !
We also have gathered together a fantastic team of advisors including some of the best minds in the industry .
A bigger and better team has led to faster development of new features , better user support , and of course a smarter Aardvark .
1 .
All our amazing new users !
Aardvark 's userbase has nearly doubled * every month * since we launched our invite-only version in March .
Aardvark users are still kind , helpful , and knowledgeable .
Just think of how much helpful knowledge has been shared !
lot of people talk about life purpose .
They say it 's something you 've got to find , something you have to figure out .
It 's this elusive , intimidating thing , that if you do n't discover , will cause your life to be forever devoid of meaning .
Pretty terrifying , right ?
No wonder so many people think they just do n't have a purpose , or that maybe they do , but it 's just too frightening of an idea to approach .
I 'm here to tell you that 's bullshit .
You do have a purpose , but it 's not what you think .
It 's not something " out there " that you need to find . It 's not hard to figure out , like a mesmerizing labyrinth or ambiguity .
That 's because your purpose is to become who you are . That 's it .
Nothing else . No big , fat , phony mission statement . No saving whales or ending world hunger . That 's not your purpose .
Those are activities , and albeit they may be worthy ones , but they 're still simply goals .
Your purpose is not a goal , an action , or a cause . Your purpose is much bigger than that .
Your purpose is to express your fullest potential , to unfold , and spiral out the amazingness that is YOU .
You can have goals , causes , missions , and even start social movements if that 's what you want . But those things are still not your purpose . Those are extensions of it , which is you .
So your purpose is to discover your path . The path that only you can own . Your purpose is to live deliberately . To create and share your gifts with the world .
When you realize that you are the author of your life , you start to realize that you do n't have to live by the rules as long as you make the choice to step outside them .
You 'll find something interesting ;
that all those lines you 're not supposed to cross they 're imaginary .
No alarm sounds . No spikes rise up from the floor , or yellowish gas is released from some unknown source .
So your job is to test your assumptions . See what happens when you do what you want .
See what happens when you follow your own path .
Even when you 're not sure what that path is , just take the step that you feel called to .
You have to learn to trust yourself since all of this time you 've been following someone else 's plan .
When you set out to create your own plan , your own map , it will be blank at first .
That 's pretty terrifying . So just start doodling .
Create lines , then draw outside them .
Crumple it up and burn it if you do n't like where it 's heading .
Start over . Start daydreaming again .
Pick your favorite colors and get to work .
Because your purpose is not what you think . Your purpose is to become who you are .
Planet Survived Brush with Red Giant
Will the sun destroy Earth ?
Astronomers come closer to an answer .
By JR Minkel Astronomers have detected the first planet orbiting a star that has passed through the red giant phase ,
the massive bloating that befalls sun-like stars when their nuclear fuel begins to run out .
The so-called exoplanet likely survived a close brush with its star , V391 Pegasi ,
despite once orbiting at roughly the same distance that lies between the sun and Earth ,
according to a study published in Nature .
Researchers believe that when the sun goes red giant in five billion or six billion years ,
it will swallow Mercury and Venus ,
but they are unsure about Earth's future .
Will solar wind vaporize our home planet ?
Could it tumble into the sun ?
says astrophysicist Roberto Silvotti of the Capodimonte Observatory in Naples , Italy .
The discovery does not reveal Earth's destiny ,
but it suggests that further observations of similar star systems could lead to models that can ,
When a medium-size star like the sun burns most of its nuclear fuel , it collapses and then balloons into a cooler red giant .
Researchers believe V391 Pegasi is such a star , called a B subdwarf ,
that shrunk from about 0.9 solar mass during its youth to 0.5 solar mass today .
It is also one of a handful of B subdwarfs known to pulsate in brightness every few minutes .
Silvotti and his colleagues chanced upon the new planet , V391 Pegasi b , during a seven-year study of these pulsations .
Looking for clues to the star's structure , they noticed a regular variation in the timing of the pulses ,
which implied the presence of a planet at least 3.2 times the mass of Jupiter tugging the star back and forth .
The variations indicate that V391 Pegasi b orbits at about 160 million miles ,
or 1.7 times Earth's distance from the sun , called an astronomical unit ( AU . )
The most likely scenario , the researchers say ,
is that the planet once orbited about one AU from V391 Pegasi ,
which closed the gap to 0.3 AU during its red giant phase and finally lost its outer mass , allowing the planet to migrate farther away .
says astrophysicist Matt Burleigh of the University of Leicester in England .
The finding " does suggest at least some of the planets in our solar system will survive through the red giant phase , "
He says it also boosts the odds of discovering planets around white dwarfs ,
the typical remnants of stars like our sun that have passed through a second , bigger red giant phase .
Such planets could finally spell out Earth's fate .
" Until you start finding planets around these stars " , Burleigh says , " theoreticians can only make guesses " .
according to veteran wireless industry strategist Whitey Bluestein .
Apple's next big move will be to provide wireless service directly to its iPad and iPhone customers ,
Bluestein told an international gathering of wireless operators , resellers and suppliers
that Apple has all of the critical elements -
the world's leading brand , distribution through 363 Apple Stores , digital content ( music , video and apps ) --
which will allow it to exploit its 250 million iTunes accounts with credit cards on file .
He also noted that Apple has a patent-pending network architecture to enter the wireless industry as a service provider .
Apple filed a patent application in October 2006 , shortly before the first iPhone announcement ,
with a diagram on how it would offer wireless service directly to customers using networks of several mobile operators .
The patent application was extended in fall 2011 .
Bluestein said that the patent confirms that Apple has thought through how it would offer service directly to customers .
At a presentation at the Informa MVNO Industry Summit in Barcelona , which he also chaired , Bluestein said
that Apple will in the near future begin providing cellular service , data , voice and roaming , directly to its customers .
He also suggested that Apple will begin by offering mobile data plans bundled with iPads
( vs . current practice of selling GSM iPads with AT&amp;T data and CDMA iPads with Verizon data plans . )
Apple will then offer iPhone customers activation , data and international roaming plans through the iTunes Store .
Google , while behind Apple in technology , distribution and back-office capabilities ,
will nevertheless follow in lock-step behind Apple and provide wireless data services directly to its Google Tablet customers
" The battleground is set , but Apple will be the first mover " , said Bluestein .
" Google will have to scramble
because it lacks retail distribution , experience with subscriber services and the iTunes ecosystem of content .
iTunes and the iTunes Store provide Apple with one-click buying and customer care .
Google can acquire most of these capabilities , as it has before , but it is not a core competency of the company " .
Bluestein also predicted that Google will acquire a back-office provider to help it get into the mobile business .
He said that Google is accustomed to such acquisitions , having acquired 79 companies in 2011 .
according to Bluestein ,
What has been holding Apple back from becoming a wireless provider already ,
are the enormous handset subsidies paid by mobile operators ( AT&amp;T , VZW and Sprint in the US , )
which amount to about $ 381 for each iPhone sold today .
That has been a short-term stumbling block for Apple ,
but the company has its well-known cash reserves and could seize the initiative at any point .
Day 1
It was shaping up to be the perfect weekend .
Last July , Pamela Salant , a 28-year-old preschool teacher , and her boyfriend ,
Aric Essig , 31 , who works for a sailboat company ,
had driven two hours east from Portland , Oregon , to camp overnight in the Mount Hood National Forest .
They planned to hike a mile and a half through the forest to Bear Lake , spend the night ,
and walk back out on Sunday to attend a birthday party for two of her students .
It was sunny , clear , and fine .
But during the hike , the subject of their on-again/off-again relationship came up ,
and the tension between the two began to rise .
By the time they set down their packs at the campsite on the south shore of the lake ,
Salant was blind with anger .
" I'm sorry , Pam " , Essig said .
" I'm going to see if I can find a better spot for us to camp " ,
she told him , stalking off along the western shore of the lake .
It was one o'clock .
Bear Lake is only about 100 yards long , hemmed in by trees , which forced Salant to drift inland .
With no trail to follow , she descended a drainage basin ,
climbed up the other side , and scrambled atop a pile of rocks .
Where she expected the lake to be , she saw nothing but steep forest and , far beyond , a snowcapped peak .
She began backtracking through the dense woods , but the farther she walked , the more confused she became .
" Aric " ! she called .
" Help " !
No response .
She kept moving until she came to a stream .
She knew that the creeks here flowed northward toward the Columbia River , several miles away .
But what good was that when she didn't know anything else ?
She clambered up a series of cliffs to get the lay of the land , climbing a dangerous scree slope and topping out on a boulder .
She scanned the horizon .
Nothing but trees .
She'd been hiking for six hours , and the sun would be setting soon .
With a new panic , she began to descend .
There , far below !
A lake !
But was it Bear Lake ?
It didn't matter  any lake ought to have trails or people along it .
She picked her way down to the lower elevations , traversing the cliffs as carefully as she could .
Then , a misstep , and darkness .
When Salant awoke a few minutes later ,
the first thing she noticed was the cliff she'd fallen from looming 40 feet above her .
The second was that her left leg curved strangely outward below the knee .
" OK " , she told herself , " my leg's broken " .
Surprisingly , the injury was not excruciating 
some primal part of her had taken over , allowing her to go into problem-solving mode :
She was hurt and alone with night coming on and absolutely no gear .
All she wore were shorts , a tank top , socks , and boots .
She could hear water trickling somewhere in the middle distance , probably a stream .
She would sleep right here for the night ,
and in the morning she would follow the sound of the water to the creek .
Day 2 In the middle of the cold night , she awoke and felt that her left leg was wet .
Hours later , at sunrise , she saw that the moisture was blood .
She had a deep gash on her right leg  a result of her fall  and it had bled all over her broken left leg .
She could see its gleaming white bone with folds of torn and bloodied pink tissue above it .
Once again , she processed this fresh horror with a strange detachment .
" All right " , she said to herself .
" I need to get to the water .
I'm thirsty , and I need to clean up this cut " .
Dragging herself along in an awkward crab-walk , she found the creek a quarter mile away .
It took her an hour to get there , but she was upbeat .
Good , she thought . Either this will lead me back to Bear Lake or to the Columbia 
either way , I'm saved .
She drank and washed out her injury .
The water was pure and beautiful .
Magical , she thought . She could feel it rejuvenating her .
Salant took one last sip , then set out down the creek , scooting along on her butt .
The area to the west of Bear Lake contains some of the country's tallest timber and most inhospitable terrain .
The stream Salant had chosen to follow is called Lindsey Creek ,
and it drops toward the Columbia River in a deep , waterfall-studded gorge so difficult to navigate
that she may have been the first ever to attempt its descent .
Still , she took a moment to admire it .
The waterfalls , the ancient forest  they reminded her why she loved coming to this spot in the first place .
All day long she picked her way carefully down the gorge , clinging to the slopes at the edge of the creek .
She moved methodically , plotting every step , crossing
and recrossing the stream to avoid obstacles ,
and balancing on fallen logs or clinging to tree roots .
She came to the top of an outcropping above the stream and stopped .
There was seemingly no good way to go .
Forward was too steep , backward was too steep , left was too steep .
She could proceed down the opposite bank if she could cross the stream 
but it was a 12-foot drop to the water .
For an hour she sat and contemplated her plight .
Then she jumped .
she screamed , hurtling down into the shallow creek .
" I can't believe I'm doing this " !
She landed on her right leg and pitched over onto her side , popping out of the water seconds later .
" OK " , she said , panting and dragging herself out of the frigid water .
" What's next " ?
In the afternoon , she heard a helicopter .
Is that for me ?
One swept overhead , but the firs obscured her location .
Maybe I should just sit in one spot and wait , she thought .
But no  she was too cold for that .
Even though the day was warm , the V-shaped gorge was shaded ,
and she'd spent all day slipping into the cold water .
Around 4 p.m. , just as the sun was hitting the gorge ,
Salant found a flattish spot between two trees and curled up to sleep , shivering .
Use all your resources , she told herself .
Her tank top had a built-in bra , which she pulled out and folded over her head for warmth .
She removed the drawstring from her shorts ,
poked holes in her shirt and shorts just at the hips ,
and ran the string through to pull them together and seal in the heat .
Then she peeled strips of dry moss from a nearby rock , covering her legs and stuffing her clothes with it .
She thought about Aric .
He must have called for those helicopters .
How stupid that their last exchange had been so nasty .
It was Sunday evening now ;
she was supposed to be at her students ' birthday party .
Day 3 At the first hint of light , she arose , desperate to be moving again .
She looked down at her legs .
The gash on her right thigh still yawned fiercely ,
and the curve of her left leg made it appear vulnerable , pathetic .
She felt that sudden strange detachment again
and a kind of maternal responsibility toward her legs ,
as if they were children tugging at her sleeve .
God , she thought , can't you just take care of yourselves ?
She nursed them along down the gorge .
Somehow it made her feel less lonesome to have someone to nurture , even if it was only her own legs .
She washed out the wound on her right leg and wrapped it in her underwear .
Later in the morning , she blundered through some thornbushes ,
and it occurred to her that she might use thorns to suture the cut .
She stabbed at the folds of skin , trying to pin the laceration closed .
But she could never do more than skewer one edge of the injury .
Helicopters flew overhead once in late morning and again in early afternoon ,
but Salant was never in enough of a clearing to flag them .
So she pushed on .
She came across a familiar-looking green bush studded with pink berries
and thought she remembered Aric identifying the plant as salmonberry .
She nibbled at one of the fruits and spit it out .
Waited a while , then sampled another .
Satisfied that the berries weren't toxic , she gorged on them .
At nightfall , she tried to sleep ,
but pain and fear made that impossible .
As she lay awake , visions of her childhood came to mind .
Random scenes  church on a Sunday morning with her family ,
trotting around the running track as a high school athlete .
She so wanted to be with Aric and her family .
She wanted to hold them and shout how much she loved them .
There were things she still wanted to do 
learn to play the fiddle and have children .
But in the black of night , she recalled a dear friend , Luke , who had died two years earlier .
If I don't make it , she thought , at least I'll be with Luke somewhere .
Day 4 When the sun rose Tuesday morning , Salant gritted her teeth .
" I've had enough of this " , she said .
" I'm going to be found today .
Or I'm going to die .
But the journey is coming to an end " .
She made her way to a flat rock with a clearing overhead  a good place to be spotted .
For three hours , she waited , shivering , starving , thirsty .
No helicopters .
She scooted uphill a little to sit in the sun .
A fat green caterpillar shrugged along nearby .
She picked it up and bit into it .
It cracked apart , spurting a metallic flavor into her mouth .
Ugh !
Then she spied a meaty-looking slug .
She'd always wondered what one might taste like ,
and after plopping it into her mouth she knew .
Never in her life had she tasted anything more repulsive .
She spit it out and scooped up handfuls of water in a vain attempt to erase the awful gluey film on her tongue .
Thwup , thwup , thwup .
Helicopters !
She skidded back down to the flat rock where she'd spent her morning .
A chopper passed overhead .
Across the stream was another salmonberry bush .
I'll count to 500 ,
and if they don't come back ,
I'll go over there and eat some berries .
She counted as slowly as she could .
Four hundred ninety-nine , 500 .
Hell .
She was crawling to the berry bush when she heard " You must be Pam " .
" What are you guys doing out here " ?
Salant asked .
Four members of a volunteer alpine rescue team called the Hood River Crag Rats had spent the day descending Lindsey Creek .
They had been in radio contact with the Oregon Army National Guard helicopter that had spotted her .
" I can't believe there are people who do this .
I love you " , she cried .
Half an hour later , a medevac chopper arrived .
With no place to land , and with some of the Douglas firs stretching 150 feet in the air ,
the Blackhawk crew had to stage a daring cable rescue ,
lowering flight medic Ben Sjullie from 300 feet into a drop zone the size of a pickup truck .
Ten minutes later , Salant was dangling from the cable above the treetops in Sjullie's bear hug .
Safe inside the helicopter , Sjullie closed the door . " Are you OK " ?
he asked .
And for the first time since her ordeal began , Salant broke down and cried .
" I just don't know if she could have made it past the point [ where ] we'd found her " ,
says Tom Scully , one of the Crag Rats who rescued Salant .
" There was a waterfall above and a waterfall below .
Another day and she probably would have stayed right where she was " .
Scully is in awe of Salant for covering such terrain with broken bones .
He calls his descent of Lindsey Creek  aided by ropes and climbing gear 
" one of the burliest hikes I've ever been on .
It wasn't even a hike . It was survival .
There's nothing out there but nothing .
We were all soaked and scraped up .
And she had been at this for days without gear or clothes .
She's amazing " .
Salant reached Aric on his cell phone from her hospital room in Portland .
He had spent the weekend camped out at Bear Lake helping the search effort , and now he was speeding toward Portland .
" Aric " ?
Pamela said through her tears .
" I'm OK " .
" Thank God . Thank God .
I'm on my way " .
When he stepped into her room , neither of them could find the right words , so they hugged instead .
Pamela Salant left the hospital after a week .
In addition to the laceration on her right leg
and the tibial plateau fracture just below her left knee ,
she had suffered compression fractures in her spine and abrasions all over her body .
But all she could think about during her convalescence was the forest 
how peaceful it had been out there ,
how much a part of it she had felt ,
like any other animal suffering along through nature .
As soon as she was able to use crutches , she and Aric camped again .
" Are you sure you really want to do that " ? her friends asked .
" Are you kidding " ?
Salant said . " It's all I want to do " .
Astronomers say they've spotted the strongest evidence yet for the existence of dark matter ,
5 billion light-years away in the ongoing collision of two clusters of galaxies .
Hubble sees ring of dark matter
They've detected what appears to be a vast ring of dark matter ,
so wide that even light would need 2.6 million years to cross it .
The dark matter has been detected indirectly by how it bends light , which it does with its gravity .
By definition , dark matter emits no light of any kind , but does exert a gravitational pull , like normal matter .
Astronomers were using the Hubble Space Telescope
when they stumbled onto the ring .
to map the way light from distant objects is bent by the merging cluster ( named ZwC10024+1652 , )
They describe the ring as sort of a circular ripple in the light coming from the cluster .
The ripple is rather like the visual distortion
seen in a pond when a stone is thrown in and contorts the view of pebbles on the bottom .
" Dark matter is the crystal clear water and the pebbles are the structures in the background " ,
says Dr Myungkook James Jee of Johns Hopkins University , a member of the team that discovered the dark matter ring .
How did it get there ?
As for how the dark matter was pushed into a ring ,
that's something the team may have worked out with a computer simulation of the galactic cluster collision .
In that virtual version of the gigantic encounter , dark matter falls to the centre of the collision , and then rebounds back out .
As it moves outward , it's slowed down by the gravity of matter all around it .
That creates an outward-bound dark matter traffic jam , which can be seen as the ring .
The whole thing looks like a ring to us on Earth because we're seeing the collision head-on , rather than from the side .
" We see a ring-like structure that is distinct from the galaxies " , Jee says .
What about the Bullet Cluster ?
Another cluster collision in what's called the Bullet Cluster was reported last year
and also showed some separation of dark matter ,
but it was a side view of the same sort of event .
It's very useful to now have a second view from a 90 different perspective ,
says astronomer Dr Richard Massey of the California Institute of Technology .
" It's really exciting if it's right " , he says .
For one thing , having a clear case showing where dark matter is separated from what we consider ordinary matter
may make it possible to study dark matter by itself ,
which might lead to important clues to what exactly the enigmatic stuff is .
Massey and other researchers would like some independent researchers to confirm the discovery .
However , that's not going to be easy
as the instrument on Hubble used for the discovery , the Advanced Camera for Surveys , stopped operating last year .
A future space shuttle mission might repair the Hubble instrument , Massey says .
If not , he says there are some other satellite observatories in the works which might be able to continue the dark matter research .
Thousands of Cubans took part in a march on Tuesday in Havana's Revolution Square for International Workers ' Day .
In Istanbul , people perched on a roof to watch a May Day rally .
Tens of thousands of trade unionists marched in Moscow ,
some with portraits of Lenin and Stalin .
President Nicolas Sarkozy of France greeting supporters at Trocadro Square for a campaign rally .
Mr . Sarkozy faces the Socialist challenger Franois Hollande in a runoff election on Sunday .
Franois Hollande , who leads in the polls for the French presidency , spoke in Nevers , south of Paris .
Abdul Mazid , 42 , center , whose sister is missing , watched
a ferry that capsized in a storm on Monday in the Brahmaputra River in the state of Assam , in eastern India .
More than 100 bodies were recovered , and as many as 100 people were still missing Tuesday .
outside Ofer prison near the West Bank city of Ramallah .
Palestinian protesters who were hit with pepper spray
tried to prevent Israeli troops from detaining one of them
The protesters were rallying in support of Palestinian prisoners
who have gone on a hunger strike against Israel's jail policies .
A man in the Lyari neighborhood of Karachi , Pakistan , poured gas on a burning tire
during a protest against a police operation against criminals .
The operation has forced some residents to leave the area .
Students at a madrasa in the Hodan district of Mogadishu , the Somali capital .
after heavy rain lashed southern Britain overnight .
Swans gliding through
the flooded riverside walkways in the shadow of the cathedral in Worcester , England ,
April was the wettest month on record , and more rain was forecast .
Why is Chrome so popular in South America and Asia ?
Edit According to Pingdom's April 23 report :
Shane Bailey Microsoft doesn't have the dominance in South America that it does in the US as they concentrated on US businesses .
Corporations are very slow to change technology
which is why IE6 and other older IE browsers were supported for so long .
Since corporations in South America weren't subject to this they have an easier time switching to another browser .
Alicia Urrea It's reliable , faster on slow computers , easy to install
and google is the main search engine on those areas ?
Rahul Chauhan firefox although its has a big add-on base ,
it lacks in speed , starts up too slowly , security is low and is too cluttered .
whereas IE and chrome are clean , much more secure , reliable and relatively fast at start up .
chrome also has the advantage of nice extension base which is lacking in IE .
After watching Amazon corner the online retail market ,
Google is in talks with merchants to begin a delivery service
that would allow users to order items online from local stores and receive them within a day .
But does it make sense for Google to directly take on the online retail giant ?
For years , Amazon has been the online retailer of choice for most buyers .
And lately , it's become even more popular .
Amazon's relatively new Prime membership program
now allows shoppers two-day delivery on anything for a $ 79 annual fee ,
and so far it's been very popular .
According to The Wall Street Journal ,
Prime led a 42 % increase in the company's sales in the first nine months of the year .
The problem for Google is that when shoppers buy items online ,
many people search directly inside Amazon , bypassing Google completely .
According to comScore , Amazon sees about three to four times the number of product-related searches that Google does .
Now , Google wants in on the action .
According to the WSJ ,
Google is in talks with Gap , OfficeMax and Macy's to begin a delivery system
in which users could search and order items ,
for a fee , that would get delivered within a day or two .
The search engine wouldn't be selling items directly to consumers ,
but it would act as a middle man between a shopper and a local seller .
According to the report , Google is hoping to launch the program next year .
The move follows a number of other retail-related ventures for the search engine ,
including Google Wallet , which allows users to make payments with a mobile phone ,
and Google Offers , which is its daily deals branch .
It's unclear whether Google would take a cut of the sales ,
but it would certainly allow Google to grab advertising revenue
elsewhere as it drives more people to shop through its search engine .
According to The New York Times and media research firm BIA/Kelsey ,
local advertising is already a large part of Google's business .
Local search ad revenue is around $ 6 billion annually and is expected to grow .
But taking on Amazon is a tall order .
It's been around for close to two decades now
and has firmly supplanted itself as the default retailer of choice online .
But as Google continues to find new ways to offer services to its users and generate revenue ,
the two online giants will only keep bumping heads .
Wind Farms Warm the Night by Sid Perkins on 29 April 2012 , 1 :
most notably by boosting nighttime temperatures , a new study suggests .
Large wind farms can substantially influence local climate ,
Utilizing the same analytical techniques used to discern temperature trends in urban heat islands ,
scrutinized satellite images of a 10,000-square-kilometer area of west-central Texas ,
home to four of the world's largest wind farms
( turbines near Fluvanna , Texas , shown . )
The team's analyses revealed
that in the 9-year period from 2003 through 2011 , when more than 95 % of the turbines in the area were erected ,
during summer months
the average nighttime land-surface temperature in areas where wind farms were located increased by
0.65C more than did temperatures in nearby areas without wind turbines .
At night , when air at ground level is cooler than that found a few dozen meters up ,
turbulence generated by individual wind turbines stirs warm air downward to heat the surface ,
the team reports online today in Nature Climate Change .
The warming rates measured in this study  are high simply
because the region has experienced a rapid growth in wind farm development .
the first to show temperature increases based on satellite data rather than computer simulations , the researchers note
The warming effect for any given wind farm will likely level off if no more turbines are added , the researchers report .
Martian Soils and the Acid Ocean
Despite being separated by thousands of kilometers , Gusev Crater and Meridiani Planum
Martian soils from Gusev Crater and Meridiani Planum have proved broadly similar in parts  rich in chlorine and sulfur .
Recent high-precision measurements have shown
that phosphorus  the critical energy carrier in all known forms of Earth life 
is equally abundant in such patches of Martian dirt .
according to a new paper published today in the November issue of Geology .
And the only explanation for such similar soils in disparate locations is a large , acidic ocean ,
Geologists James Greenwood of Wesleyan University and
Ruth Blake of Yale University examined various explanations for the similar soils
sampled by both Mars Rovers as well as at the two Viking and the Mars Pathfinder landing sites .
Each contains at least some so-called bright dust or soil
that has proved to contain much sulfur , chlorine and phosphorus
along with the typical ferric oxide that gives Mars its red tinge .
The researchers examined Martian meteorites here on Earth
to determine that the sulfur and chlorine likely resulted from ancient volcanic explosions .
But phosphorus is a different story .
the researchers write .
" The ultimate source is likely from the weathering of calcium-phosphate minerals in igneous rocks " ,
of phosphate in Martian fluids
Unlike on Earth , where phosphorus rarely dissolves in water because of its uptake by life ,
it appears to be behaving like a soluble element on the Red Planet ,
leached from rock by a surrounding acidic ocean .
under acidic conditions " , they note .
" Such high levels of correlation between phosphorus and sulfur can likely only be obtained
Such a broad dispersal of similar soils argues for an acidic sea stretching across large swaths of Mars ,
or perhaps lakes with the same inherent chemistry .
Overall levels of the elements argue for such a sea to have been short-lived .
the researchers note in the paper .
" Evaporation of a global acidic ocean could lead to nanophase ferric oxide particles
with constant sulfur , chlorine and phosphorus ,
as seen in the Martian bright soils " ,
Such a global acidic ocean would also help explain the lack of carbonates in the soil ,
a key indicator of the presence of former seas on Earth .
even though acid-loving microbes persist here ;
But such a sea might not have been a boon to life ,
high levels of phosphorus argue against a living presence .
if Mars had an active biosphere during the ocean's existence " .
" High concentrations of phosphorus in a Martian ocean , would not be expected
Greenwoodand Blake conclude ,
Whatever Happened To .. Moon Rocks ?
Tracking down our old lunar souvenirs
By Susan Kruglinski DISCOVER Vol . 27 No . 07 | July 2006 | Space
All in all , earthlings have retrieved a total of 843 pounds of rock and dust from the moon .
Worth up to 10 times their weight in top-grade diamonds ,
like the Johnson Space Center in Texas and the White Sands Test Facility in New Mexico .
most of these rocks are packed away in cabinets at government strongholds
From there they are closely monitored ,
although they are lent out to schools , museums , and researchers .
But more than a few pebbles have gotten loose :
A fistful of pea-size rocks were given away in the 1970s as gifts from the American government
to each of the 50 states as well as to 135 other nations .
It seems that not all the recipients tucked the gift away in a safe place , however .
Experts fear that at least a quarter of those rocks are now missing ,
presumably stolen and sold on the black market .
Moreover , several envelopes full of moon dust have been lost in the mail during transit to research facilities .
Just this past January , on their way to a show-and-tell .
three rocks were swiped from a van en route to a Virginia elementary school ,
If you come across a wayward chunk of moon , don't try to cash in on it .
In 2002 a NASA intern was sentenced to eight years in prison
when he attempted to sell his stolen moon rocks on the Internet .
Wasting Our Minds
By PAUL KRUGMAN
In Spain , the unemployment rate among workers under 25 is more than 50 percent .
In Ireland almost a third of the young are unemployed .
Here in America , youth unemployment is " only " 16.5 percent ,
which is still terrible  but things could be worse .
And sure enough , many politicians are doing all they can to guarantee that things will , in fact , get worse .
We've been hearing a lot about the war on women , which is real enough .
But there's also a war on the young ,
which is just as real even if it's better disguised .
And it's doing immense harm , not just to the young , but to the nation's future .
Let's start with some advice Mitt Romney gave to college students during an appearance last week .
After denouncing President Obama's " divisiveness " , the candidate told his audience ,
" Take a shot , go for it , take a risk , get the education ,
borrow money if you have to from your parents , start a business " .
The first thing you notice here is , of course , the Romney touch 
the distinctive lack of empathy for those who weren't born into affluent families ,
who can't rely on the Bank of Mom and Dad to finance their ambitions .
But the rest of the remark is just as bad in its own way .
I mean , " get the education ? "
And pay for it how ?
Tuition at public colleges and universities has soared ,
in part thanks to sharp reductions in state aid .
Mr . Romney isn't proposing anything that would fix that ;
he is , however , a strong supporter of the Ryan budget plan ,
which would drastically cut federal student aid ,
causing roughly a million students to lose their Pell grants .
So how , exactly , are young people from cash-strapped families supposed to " get the education ? "
Back in March Mr . Romney had the answer :
Find the college " that has a little lower price where you can get a good education " .
Good luck with that .
But I guess it's divisive to point out that Mr . Romney's prescriptions are useless
for Americans who weren't born with his advantages .
There is , however , a larger issue :
even if students do manage , somehow , to " get the education " ,
which they do all too often by incurring a lot of debt ,
they'll be graduating into an economy that doesn't seem to want them .
You've probably heard lots about
how workers with college degrees are faring better in this slump than those with only a high school education ,
which is true .
But the story is far less encouraging
if you focus not on middle-aged Americans with degrees but on recent graduates .
Unemployment among recent graduates has soared ;
so has part-time work , presumably reflecting the inability of graduates to find full-time jobs .
Perhaps most telling , earnings have plunged even among those graduates working full time 
a sign that many have been forced to take jobs that make no use of their education .
College graduates , then , are taking it on the chin thanks to the weak economy .
And research tells us that the price isn't temporary :
students who graduate into a bad economy never recover the lost ground .
Instead , their earnings are depressed for life .
What the young need most of all , then , is a better job market .
People like Mr . Romney claim that they have the recipe for job creation :
slash taxes on corporations and the rich , slash spending on public services and the poor .
But we now have plenty of evidence on how these policies actually work in a depressed economy 
and they clearly destroy jobs rather than create them .
For as you look at the economic devastation in Europe ,
you should bear in mind
that some of the countries experiencing the worst devastation
have been doing everything American conservatives say we should do here .
Not long ago , conservatives gushed over Ireland's economic policies ,
especially its low corporate tax rate ;
the Heritage Foundation used to give it higher marks for " economic freedom " than any other Western nation .
When things went bad ,
Ireland once again received lavish praise ,
this time for its harsh spending cuts ,
which were supposed to inspire confidence and lead to quick recovery .
And now , as I said , almost a third of Ireland's young can't find jobs .
What should we do to help America's young ?
Basically , the opposite of what Mr . Romney and his friends want .
We should be expanding student aid , not slashing it .
And we should reverse the de facto austerity policies that are holding back the U.S. economy 
the unprecedented cutbacks at the state and local level ,
which have been hitting education especially hard .
Yes , such a policy reversal would cost money .
But refusing to spend that money is foolish and shortsighted even in purely fiscal terms .
Remember , the young aren't just America's future ;
they're the future of the tax base , too .
A mind is a terrible thing to waste ;
wasting the minds of a whole generation is even more terrible .
Let's stop doing it .
3 reasons why China isn't overtaking the US
While China ' s economy grows at 9 percent per year ,
the US reels from economic recession and political paralysis .
US opinion polls consistently show
that majorities of Americans believe China is the world's dominant economic power .
And according to the Pew Research Center ,
pluralities in 15 out of 22 countries believe that China will overtake the US as the world's superpower .
But says Michael Beckley , of Harvard Kennedy School ' s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs .
this widespread view is wrong ,
It's a fabrication based on sloppy analysis and outdated conceptions of national power .
Mr . Beckley argues that people who believe that China is overtaking the US
make at least one of the following three mistakes . 1 .
They confuse growth rates with total growth Since 1991 ,
China's per capita income grew 15 percent annually ,
and its military spending rose 10 percent annually .
By contrast , America 's per capita income and military spending
grew at annual rates of 4 percent and 2 percent respectively .
Yes , 15 is greater than 4 , and 10 is greater than 2 .
What could be simpler ?
But growth rates are not comparable .
The average Chinese income in 2010 was $ 7,500 .
of $ 47,000 , the average American income that year .
Fifteen percent of $ 7,500 is actually less money than 4 percent
Despite China's higher growth rates , in 1991 .
the average Chinese citizen is $ 17,000 poorer compared with the average American today than he was
Over the same time period , Chinese military spending declined by $ 140 billion relative to America's ,
even when excluding funds for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
China's growth rates are high because its starting point was low .
China is rising , but it is not catching up . 2 .
Many observers rely on flawed indicators to gauge Chinese economic power
For example , some analysts believe that China is the world's " leading technology-based economy "
because it exports more high-technology products than any other country .
But Chinese high-tech exports are not very Chinese and not very high-tech :
Over 90 percent are produced by foreign firms
and consist of imported components that are merely assembled in China .
These percentages have increased over time ,
a trend that suggests Chinese firms are falling further behind foreign competitors .
Indeed , in any category  research and development , patents , profits 
Chinese high-tech firms have fallen further behind their American counterparts over the last two decades .
Another misleading statistic is China's debt-to-GDP ratio ,
which the Chinese government lists at 17 percent .
America ' s debt-to-GDP ratio , by contrast , will remain above 60 percent through 2020 .
But most Chinese state spending is not reported in official figures
because it is funneled through investment entities connected to local governments .
Studies that account for this spending place China's debt-to-GDP ratio between 75 and 150 percent .
And things are only likely to get worse for China .
Because of the one-child policy , China will soon suffer the most severe aging process in human history .
The ratio of Chinese workers per retiree will plummet from 8 :
1 today to 2 :
The fiscal cost of this swing in dependency ratios alone may exceed 100 percent of China's GDP .
The American working-age population , by contrast , will expand by 17 percent over the next 40 years .
America's fiscal future may not be bright , but it is brighter than China's . 3 .
People mistake size for power  China will soon boast the largest economy in the world ,
and many observers interpret this event as a power transition between the United States and China .
But size is not power .
After all , China was the world's largest economy during its " century of humiliation "
when it was ripped apart by Western powers and Japan .
Britain , by contrast , ruled a quarter of the globe in the 19th century
but was never , even at its peak , the largest economy .
In fact , when it invaded and subjugated both nations .
Britain's GDP was half the size of China's and far smaller than India ' s
Of course , China's size makes it an important player on transnational issues ,
particularly climate change and trade .
Moreover , China's military can threaten the United States without catching up ,
compensating for technological inferiority with asymmetric strategies
and a greater willingness to take risks and bear casualties .
But China is not an emerging superpower in the mold of the Soviet Union ,
nor is it a great power like early-twentieth century Germany .
It is a large developing country and will remain so for the foreseeable future .
Americans , therefore , should not fear China .
But neither should they shy away from competing with this rising power for influence in Asia .
Michael Beckley is a research fellow
in the International Security Program at Harvard Kennedy School ' s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs
and a fellow at the Miller Center at the University of Virginia .
This article is based on a study in International Security , a quarterly journal of international affairs .
An overview of management compensation
Abstract Accounting curricula should change to meet the evolving needs of business ,
including needs of the accounting profession .
One increasingly complex element of the business environment
is the appropriate design of management compensation systems .
Concerns regarding the level of executive pay ,
the debate over stock options ,
the emphasis by the International Accounting Standards Board
on determining appropriate accounting for share-based compensation ,
and the lack of current accounting standards regarding share-based compensation in most countries
challenge our thinking regarding the accounting for and the design and evaluation of compensation alternatives .
As future accountants , consultants , and financial managers designing and accounting for compensation plans ,
students must understand both the broader business issues
surrounding the use of these contracts and the accounting , tax , and managerial issues associated with compensation alternatives .
We provide a general discussion of different compensation mechanisms ,
their benefits and limitations , and their related financial , tax ,
and managerial accounting implications .
In addition , we provide technical references
to enable students to conduct a detailed investigation of each type of compensation
to facilitate a rich , rigorous discussion in the classroom .
We recommend using this paper in financial , tax , and managerial accounting courses
to broaden students ' understanding of all these issues
beyond the more focused discussions typical in these courses . 1 .
Introduction Accounting curricula should change to meet the evolving needs of business ,
including needs of the accounting profession .
One increasingly complex element of the business environment
is the appropriate design of management compensation systems .
Recently , there has been much controversy surrounding executive and employee compensation
that has challenged our thinking regarding the accounting for and design and evaluation of compensation alternatives .
First , concern regarding the level of executive pay has continued to escalate over recent years ,
and is particularly heated when pay does not appear to reflect corporate performance .
Second , the debate over stock options has intensified ,
as much of the increase in pay levels has resulted from their use .
Various parties have called for changes to stock option accounting ,
restrictions on the tax deduction associated with stock options ,
and tighter control of stock options granted to executives .
Further , the use of practices such as stock option repricing has posed accounting challenges .
Finally , the International Accounting Standards Board is currently
debating appropriate accounting for share-based compensation .
In recent years , the use of sharebased compensation has increased significantly in some countries ,
particularly in Europe , yet little accounting guidance exists ,
as most countries do not have accounting standards on share-based compensation ( IASB , 2002 ) .
The trend towards higher levels of pay
and an increased use of stock options can be partially explained by a number of factors .
First , competitive labor markets have made retention of employees a primary concern for companies .
Compensation plans with vesting periods or long-term performance incentives
have evolved in response to retention concerns .
Second , the bull market of the late 1980s and 1990s led companies and employees
to increase their focus on equity-based compensation structures .
Third , many compensation plans have favorable financial accounting
and tax implications under US GAAP and US tax rules that reinforce their use .
Fourth , since 1994 , US tax rules limit the corporate deduction for non-performance-based pay
for the CEO and each of the four other highest paid executives to $ 1 million .
Since certain types of performance-based compensation are excluded from this limit ,
an increase in emphasis on performance-based compensation has resulted .
Finally , start-up firms , which typically struggle for earnings ,
often are cash constrained and rely heavily on human capital as their primary asset .
In part , these firms have set the pace for equity-based compensation schemes ,
which require little or no cash outlay , can be designed for favorable accounting and tax treatment ,
and can be effective retention tools .
This paper provides a general discussion of different compensation mechanisms ,
their benefits and limitations ,
and their related financial , tax , and managerial accounting implications .
We focus our discussion regarding financial accounting and tax issues on US GAAP and US tax rules ,
for several reasons .
First , much of the controversy surrounding compensation practices has centered in the US
and stems directly from the favorable accounting
and tax treatment that US GAAP
and tax rules afford some forms of compensation .
Second , there currently is no international accounting standard for share-based compensation ,
so the USA serves as one of the best laboratories for considering issues related to accounting for various compensation practices .
As educators , we believe
as they move from the university into the business world .
that a basic understanding of the fundamentals of management compensation systems
will improve accounting students' effectiveness
As future accountants attempting to appropriately consider the accounting
and tax implications for various compensation contractual arrangements ,
students must understand the related business issues
so that accounting can properly reflect the substance of these contracts .
Likewise , as potential future financial consultants or managers ,
students must understand the financial accounting , tax ,
and managerial issues associated with compensation alternatives
in order to implement compensation plans
that effectively motivate and retain employees
while having a reasonable financial impact on the organization .
Accounting textbooks typically include only one aspect ( financial , tax , or management accounting ) of compensation decisions .
However , in teaching the accounting for and the design and evaluation of compensation packages ,
it is important to realize that compensation decisions are not made by considering financial , tax , and management accounting issues in isolation ,
but are made by considering these factors simultaneously .
First , the economic effects of compensation plans may be significant ,
but measurement of these effects remains a difficult financial accounting issue .
At present , substantial portions of management compensation are not reported in the income statements or balance sheets for many companies .
Additionally , compensation systems may affect managers ' choices of financial accounting policies .
When managers ' compensation is dependent on reported accounting numbers such as earnings ,
those managers have incentives to manage reported earnings to maximize their compensation ,
through discretionary accruals or through the selection of alternative accounting methods
such as depreciation or inventory accounting methods .
Second , tax issues related to compensation schemes can have an impact on both corporations and employees .
The employer weighs aftertax costs of compensation against perceived benefits ,
while the employees ' objective is to maximize the after-tax value of their compensation .
Therefore , compensation schemes often are chosen after an evaluation of the tax consequences to both parties .
Third , there are management accounting issues associated with compensation plan design .
Agency theory suggests that separation of ownership and control leads to issues
that can be partially addressed through the design of management compensation plans .
Specifically , employees , as agents of the firm ,
are assumed to be risk-averse ,
with an interest in increasing their own wealth .
As a result , the interests of employees are not always naturally aligned with interests of the shareholders .
By linking pay with performance , compensation contracts can be used to
help align the interests of employees with those of shareholders .
In designing such contracts ,
one must consider issues such as the inherent performance incentives , retention incentives , controllability of the performance measures being used ,
and the effect on employees ' risk averse behavior , each of which we discuss for each compensation mechanism .
We recommend using this paper in financial accounting or tax courses to broaden students ' awareness
and understanding of compensation issues beyond the more focused financial accounting or tax implications typically discussed in these courses .
We also recommend using this paper in managerial accounting courses
because not only should students consider the managerial implications of various compensation alternatives ,
but they should be prepared to consider financial accounting
and tax implications when designing and evaluating these plans .
This paper can be used as general background reading
for a class discussion of compensation alternatives or as a group exercise .
If used as a group exercise ,
we suggest that the instructor divide the class into groups of several students ,
request that students read the entire paper as a general overview ,
and assign each group a specific component of compensation to research more thoroughly and present to the class .
We provide a table of technical references in the Appendix to facilitate this exercise . 2 .
Components of compensation structure 2.1.
Salary Compensation packages can be viewed as comprised of two general components :
One benefit of using salary as a compensation mechanism is
that employees have certainty about the payout of their compensation package .
In addition , since the payment with performance-based compensation is less certain than the payment under compensation plans
comprised only of a fixed salary ,
plans with performance-based components place greater risk on the employee than do plans without them .
As a result , companies may have to pay a premium to compensate employees for assuming this increased risk .
Risk averse and undiversified executives will be willing to accept stock-based pay instead of cash only
if the value of stock-based pay is substantially greater than the value of the cash foregone .
This suggests that the expected total compensation cost is greater for plans that rely more heavily on performance-based compensation .
Conversely , the expected total compensation cost usually is lower with plans relying primarily on salary .
Limitations of using salary as the only component of the compensation plan
include limited incentives for both short-term and long-term performance .
For financial reporting purposes ,
the company records compensation expense during the period in which the employee earns the bonus .
Imagine a being capable of processing , remembering and sharing information 
a being with potentialities proper to it and inhabiting a world of its own .
Given this brief description , most of us will think of a human person ,
some will associate it with an animal ,
and virtually no one 's imagination will conjure up a plant .
a species colloquially known as the common pea .
Since Nov . 2 , however , one possible answer to the riddle is Pisumsativum ,
On that day , a team of scientists published the results of its peer-reviewed research ,
from the Blaustein Institute for Desert Research at Ben-Gurion University in Israel
revealing that a pea plant subjected to drought conditions
communicated its stress to other such plants , with which it shared its soil .
In other words , through the roots , it relayed to its neighbors the biochemical message about the onset of drought ,
prompting them to react as though they , too , were in a similar predicament .
Curiously , having received the signal ,
plants not directly affected by this particular environmental stress factor
were better able to withstand adverse conditions when they actually occurred .
This means that the recipients of biochemical communication could draw on their " memories " 
information stored at the cellular level 
to activate appropriate defenses and adaptive responses when the need arose .
In 1973 , the publication of " The Secret Life of Plants " , by Peter Tompkins and Christopher Bird ,
was generally regarded as pseudoscience .
which portrayed vegetal life as exquisitely sensitive , responsive and in some respects comparable to human life ,
The authors were not scientists ,
and clearly the results reported in that book , many of them outlandish , could not be reproduced .
But today , new , hard scientific data appears to be buttressing the book's fundamental idea
that plants are more complex organisms than previously thought .
The research findings of the team at the Blaustein Institute
form yet another building block in the growing fields of plant intelligence studies and neurobotany that ,
at the very least , ought to prompt us to rethink our relation to plants .
Is it morally permissible to submit to total instrumentalization living beings that , though they do not have a central nervous system ,
are capable of basic learning and communication ?
Should their swift response to stress leave us coldly indifferent ,
while animal suffering provokes intense feelings of pity and compassion ?
Evidently , empathy might not be the most appropriate ground for an ethics of vegetal life .
But the novel indications concerning the responsiveness of plants ,
their interactions with the environment and with one another ,
are sufficient to undermine all simple , axiomatic solutions to eating in good conscience .
When it comes to a plant , it turns out to be not only a what but also a who 
an agent in its milieu , with its own intrinsic value or version of the good .
Inquiring into justifications for consuming vegetal beings thus reconceived ,
we reach one of the final frontiers of dietary ethics .
Recent findings in cellular and molecular botany mean
that eating preferences , too , must practically differentiate
between vegetal what-ness and who-ness , while striving to keep the latter intact .
The work of such differentiation is incredibly difficult
because the subjectivity of plants is not centered in a single organ or function
but is dispersed throughout their bodies , from the roots to the leaves and shoots .
Nevertheless , this dispersion of vitality holds out a promise of its own :
the plasticity of plants and their wondrous capacity for regeneration ,
their growth by increments , quantitative additions
or reiterations of already existing parts does little to change the form of living beings that are neither parts nor wholes
because they are not hierarchically structured organisms .
The " renewable " aspects of perennial plants may be accepted by humans as a gift of vegetal being
and integrated into their diets .
But it would be harder to justify the cultivation of peas and other annual plants ,
the entire being of which humans devote to externally imposed ends .
In other words , ethically inspired decisions cannot postulate the abstract conceptual unity of all plants ;
they must , rather , take into account the singularity of each species .
after normative philosophers and bioethicists have delineated their sets of definitive guidelines for human conduct .
The emphasis on the unique qualities of each species means that ethical worries will not go away
More specifically , concerns regarding the treatment of plants will come up again and again ,
every time we deal with a distinct species or communities of plants .
In Hans Christian Andersen 's fairy tale " The Princess and the Pea " ,
the true identity of a princess is discovered
on top of 20 mattresses and 20 featherbeds , with a single pea lodged underneath this pile .
after she spends a torturous night
The desire to eat ethically is , perhaps , akin to this royal sensitivity ,
as some would argue that it is a luxury of those who do have enough food to select ,
in a conscious manner , their dietary patterns .
But there is a more charitable way to interpret the analogy .
Ethical concerns are never problems to be resolved once and for all ;
they make us uncomfortable and sometimes ,
when the sting of conscience is too strong , prevent us from sleeping .
Being disconcerted by a single pea to the point of unrest
is analogous to the ethical obsession , untranslatable into the language of moral axioms and principles of righteousness .
Such ethics do not dictate how to treat the specimen of Pisumsativum ,
or any other plant ,
but they do urge us to respond , each time anew ,
to the question of how , in thinking and eating ,
to say " yes " to plants .
Michael Marder is Ikerbasque Research Professor of Philosophy at the University of the Basque Country , Vitoria-Gasteiz .
His most recent book , " Plant-Thinking :
A Philosophy of Vegetal Life " will be published later this year
The Talent Society By DAVID BROOKS
We 're living in the middle of an amazing era of individualism .
A few generations ago , it was considered shameful for people to have children unless they were married .
But as Jason DeParle and Sabrina Tavernise reported in The Times on Saturday ,
these days , more than half of the births to women under 30 occur outside of marriage .
In 1957 , 57 percent of those surveyed said that they believed that adults who preferred to be single were " immoral " or " neurotic " .
But today , as Eric Klinenberg reminds us in his book , " Going Solo " ,
more than 50 percent of adults are single .
Twenty-eight percent of households nationwide consist of just one person .
There are more single-person households than there are married-with-children households .
In cities like Denver , Washington and Atlanta , more than 40 percent of the households are one-person dwellings .
In Manhattan , roughly half the households are solos .
A few generations ago , most people affiliated with one of the major parties .
But now more people consider themselves independent than either Republican or Democrat .
A few generations ago , many people worked for large corporations and were members of a labor union .
But now lifetime employment is down and union membership has plummeted .
A few generations ago , teenagers went steady .
But over the past decades , the dating relationship has been replaced by a more amorphous hook-up culture .
A few generations ago , most people belonged to a major religious denomination .
Today , the fastest-growing religious category is " unaffiliated " .
The trend is pretty clear .
Fifty years ago , America was groupy .
People were more likely to be enmeshed in stable , dense and obligatory relationships .
They were more defined by permanent social roles :
mother , father , deacon .
Today , individuals have more freedom .
They move between more diverse , loosely structured and flexible networks of relationships .
People are less likely to be trapped in bad marriages and bad situations .
They move from network to network , depending on their individual needs at the moment .
At the same time , bonds are probably shallower and more tenuous .
We can all think of reasons for this transformation .
Affluence :
people have more money to live apart if they want to .
Feminism :
women have more power to define their own lives .
The aging society :
more widows and widowers live alone .
The information revolution :
the Internet and smartphones make it easier to construct far-flung , flexible networks .
Skepticism :
more people believe that marriage is not for them .
But if there is one theme that weaves through all the different causes , it is this :
The maximization of talent .
People want more space to develop their own individual talents .
They want more flexibility to explore their own interests
and develop their own identities , lifestyles and capacities .
They are more impatient with situations that they find stifling .
Many people have argued that these changes have led to a culture of atomization , loneliness and self-absorption .
That 's overdrawn .
In " Going Solo " , Klinenberg nicely shows that people who live alone are more likely to visit friends and join social groups .
They are more likely to congregate in and create active , dynamic cities .
It 's more accurate to say that we have gone from a society that protected people from their frailties
to a society that allows people to maximize their talents .
The old settled social structures were stifling to many creative and dynamic people
( and in those days discrimination stifled people even more . )
But people who were depressed , disorganized and disadvantaged
were able to lead lives enmeshed in supportive relationships .
Today , the fast flexible and diverse networks allow
the ambitious and the gifted to surf through amazing possibilities .
They are able to construct richer , more varied lives .
They are able to enjoy interesting information-age workplaces
and then go home and find serenity in a one-bedroom apartment .
On the other hand , people who lack social capital are more likely to fall through the cracks .
It takes effort , organization and a certain set of skills
to surf these new , protean social networks .
People who are unable to make the effort or lack social capital are more likely to be alone .
As Klinenberg and others have shown ,
this is especially likely to happen to solitary middle-aged men ,
who are more likely to lack the drive and the social facilities to go out
and make their own friendship circles .
Over all , we 've made life richer for the people who have the social capital to create their own worlds .
We 've also made it harder for the people who do n't  especially poorer children .
These trends are not going to reverse themselves .
So maybe it 's time to acknowledge a core reality :
People with skills can really thrive in this tenuous , networked society .
People without those advantages would probably be better off
if we could build new versions of the settled , stable and thick arrangements we 've left behind .
Ordinary Miracle
It's not that unusual when everything is beautiful .
It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
The sky knows when its time to snow , Do n't need to teach a seed to grow .
It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
Life is like a gift they say Wrapped up for you everyday ;
Open up and find a way To give some of your own .
Is n't it remarkable ?
Like every time a rain drop falls , It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
Birds in winter have their fling But always make it home by spring .
It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
When you wake up everyday Please do n't throw your dreams away ;
Hold them close to your heart Cause we 're all a part Of the ordinary miracle .
Ordinary miracle Do you want to see a miracle ?
ohh ohh ohh , ohhh ohh ohh ..
It seems so exceptional That things just work out after all .
It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
Sun comes up and shines so bright And disappears again at night .
It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
ohh ohh ohh , ohh ohhh ohh ..
It 's just another ordinary miracle today .
" No prophecy ever originated from humans .
Instead , it was given by the Holy Spirit as humans spoke under God 's direction " .
The Bible is the most read book in history .
It 's also the bestselling book in history and the most translated book in history .
Yet it 's more than that .
It 's also God 's Word  God 's very breath .
2 Timothy 3 : 16 says , " All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching , rebuking , correcting and training in righteousness " ( NIV . )
That means the Bible is n't just a good idea .
It is God 's Word to us .
One of the reasons I can know that the Bible is true and trustworthy is
that it has thousands and thousands of prophecies that have come true
and will come true in history .
Every one of the Bible 's prophecies have either come true sometime in the future
exactly as God predicted will come true
The Bible contains more than 300 prophecies about Jesus alone 
all written a thousand years before he was born .
The Bible prophesized about when he 'd be born , where he 'd be born , and how he 'd be born .
He could n't have manipulated his birth to fulfill those prophecies .
It also predicted how he would die .
A thousand years before Jesus died , David described Jesus ' death on the cross in one of the psalms .
He did n't use the word crucifixion because no one knew that word then .
Long before the Romans were even thinking about crucifying people , David described it .
Only God could have known that .
What are the odds that I could make 300 predictions about you and every one of them would come true ?
It 's so astronomical you could n't write the number down .
It takes more faith to believe that the Bible 's prophecies were a coincidence than to believe that God planned them .
The Bible says , " No prophecy ever originated from humans .
Instead , it was given by the Holy Spirit as humans spoke under God 's direction "
During Bible times , nobody wanted to be a prophet .
The law in Israel was that a prophet of God had to be correct 100 percent of the time .
If you were wrong just once , then you were considered a false prophet and would have been put to death .
A prophet better be right !
And the Bible prophecies were right  every one of them .
You can trust the Bible because what the Bible predicts comes true .
Why living in the country may be the key to finding true love
It could be the fresher air , the inspiring landscapes , or the slower pace of life .
But people living in the countryside are far more likely to find true love than city dwellers , research has revealed .
It discovered 77 per cent of adults living in rural Britain have found their soulmate 
compared with 48 per cent in urban areas .
Relationships in the countryside were also found to last twice as long .
As many as 61 per cent of countryside residents had been in a relationship for more than a decade 
compared with just 21 per cent of urbanites .
And 55 per cent of those living in the sticks were married  10 per cent more than urban areas .
As many as 51 per cent living in the country say the words ' I love you ' at least once a day 
compared with only 23 per cent in the city .
Relationships in the country are thought to have a better chance of surviving
because couples are more loyal and have more time for each other .
Couples were found to spend an average of six nights a week together  two more than those in the city .
Only 10 per cent had cheated on their partner  while this went up to 20 per cent for those in cities .
In the study of 2,000 adults , by the TV channel Really ,
63 per cent of country folk said they were ' sexually satisfied '
compared with just 22 per cent in the city .
City dwellers put this down to their hectic lives ,
with 38 per cent claiming to be too tired or stressed .
Commenting on the findings , life coach Jenni Trent Hughes said :
' Country living makes many of us calmer , more relaxed .
It puts us in a better frame of mind which reflects well on our relationships ' .
' There has always been a school of thought that spending time in nature
and around animals helps bring us back to our basic natures . '
Put that together with the fresh air and huddling under a blanket on the sofa to keep warm
and you 'll see why so many of us feel that country living is the perfect aphrodisiac ' .
The average cost of a date in the city was revealed to be 65
- compared to just 31 in the countryside .
A total of 34 per cent of city dwellers admitted
having money was an important characteristic in a partner ,
while only 11 per cent of those in rural areas felt the same .
Many years ago , before the dawn of the word processor ,
I worked at The New Yorker at a job called collating , where I had to copy legibly all the changes on a piece of writing ( from the editor , the author , the fact checker , and the proofreaders ) onto clean page proofs ,
which were then enclosed in a Plexiglas cannister and shot via pneumatic tube to a higher floor ,
where they were transmitted by state-of-the-art fax to the printer , in Chicago .
( That comma is necessary because we used only one printer , R . R . Donnelley &amp; Sons , and they were based in Chicago ) .
It was a medieval sort of job  a copyist or scrivener  and I did it for only one year ,
which was lucky for everyone , because my handwriting is the second-worst in the office .
My boss at the time , who had grown humpbacked in the service of the magazine ,
had exquisite penmanship , but a light touch , and
sometimes his marks did not transmit , and the typesetter would complain .
So an effort was made to solve the problem by supplying the collating department with No . 1 pencils ,
which have a softer lead than the standard test-taking No . 2 pencils and therefore make a darker impression .
I got used to the feel of the softer lead , and a pencil snob was born .
When the small stationery stores in midtown began to go out of business ,
our office became a customer of one of the big office-suppliers ,
which eventually stopped carrying No . 1 pencils .
Writing with No . 2 pencils makes me feel as if I had a hangover ,
so I started buying my own pencils ( somewhat grudgingly . )
One Christmas , I asked for No . 1 pencils , and received a gross of Dixon Ticonderogas ( " The World 's Best Pencil . ) "
I thought twelve packs with twelve pencils each would last for years , if not the rest of my career .
But the point of each pencil , after being sharpened down about an inch and a half ,
would break off when I bore down on it .
The entire column of lead in every pencil was shattered .
I had gotten a bad batch .
Someone at the office suggested I try a mechanical pencil , but I found it soulless .
For a while , I was scraping along with four art pencils
when a fellow pencil enthusiast , browsing on pencils.com ,
discovered that the Blackwing  black , with a distinctive flat eraser  had come back on the market .
Devotees of the Blackwing had been paying up to forty dollars apiece for them after they were discontinued , in 1998 .
I received a box of twelve Blackwings , and I got hooked .
The lead is ungraded , but it is definitely softer than a No . 2 , and very expressive .
The Blackwing motto is " Half the Pressure , Twice the Speed " .
Therefore it was with great enthusiasm that I attended a party this week , at the Art Directors Club , to celebrate the revival of the artisanal pencil :
the Palomino Blackwing and the Palomino Blackwing 602 .
The host was Charles Berolzheimer , of Cal Cedar , a sixth-generation pencil-maker .
He was dressed in shades of pencil lead .
Hundreds of pencil enthusiasts were there :
drawing , graffiti style , on big white sheets of paper , adding to small communal notebooks , creating do-it-yourself Thaumatropes , experimenting with the camera obscura and the camera lucida .
One woman wore two Blackwings in her hair .
A time line of the pencil covered one long wall , and of all the lore and storied names attached to the pencil in general 
Faber , Eberhard , Dixon , da Vinci , Thoreau , Borrowdale ( the original graphite lode in England ) 
and the Blackwing in particular  Stephen Sondheim , Chuck Jones ( the father of Bugs Bunny , ) and John Steinbeck were aficionados , as well as Vladimir Nabokov and Faye Dunaway 
and all the ancillary products that arose from the pencil  the sharpener , the eraser crimp 
my favorite fact from the pencil party was this :
Every pencil is a sandwich .
All these years , I have been wondering how the lead got inside the pencil .
It turns out that pencils are made from slats of corrugated wood about the size of a Hershey bar .
The graphite is laid in the grooves , another slat is glued on top ,
and then the sandwich is sawn into individual strips , which are sanded , painted , fitted with ferrules and erasers , and there you have it :
delicious Blackwings .
Thank you , Mr . Berolzheimer . We 'll take a gross .
After the recent devastating earthquakes in the ring of fire ,
many people have been wondering what they should do should they ever be caught in an earthquake .
There are two main theories , the " triangle of life " advised by Doug Copp an experienced survival expert and the " drop and cover " method that is officially recognised and advised by the Red Cross and FEMA .
There has been a great deal of debate regarding which is the better survival method ,
we take a close look at each in the infographic below .
From farmhouse chic to shabby European , adding a few pieces of antiqued or distressed furniture adds instant charm and character to any room .
You can spend thousands of dollars on authentic antique pieces ,
but if you 're looking for something a little less expensive ,
consider antiquing and distressing old wood furniture as your upcoming weekend project .
It 's fun , it 's easy and you gives you tremendous bragging rights .
The first step is to gather up some old pieces that you do n't mind changing .
Obviously your grandmother 's rosewood china cabinet is not the best option ,
but a $ 15 end table from the local thrift store is a great choice .
You may want to also grab a " practice piece " that you would n't mind tossing if the first attempt goes awry .
The second step is the same as any other painting project  sand down the piece with medium to fine sandpaper .
This will help the primer stick better and reduce accidental imperfections to a more genuine antique look .
After sanding , wipe down the furniture with a damp rag .
Next , use a candle stick to rub wax along the edges and places where you 'd like the under layer to show through , then brush off the excess .
Follow with several ultra thin coats of paint  preferably in some variation of white such as eggshell or ivory .
After several hours of drying , the next step in the project is to begin scratching away the previously waxed spots using a small paint scraper or dull , rounded knife .
Follow up by sanding off the loose bits of wax and paint .
Finally , mix together one part brown paint and several parts water to make a sort of antiquing glaze .
Rub the glaze on lightly with a sponge , then wipe off with a clean , dry cloth .
Focus especially on areas around the distressed marks you created previously .
The end result will be a sort of yellowed , worn look .
Finish off your new piece with a coat of protective finish , and allow your piece to dry for about 48 hours .
Once you 're done , display your beautifully refinished piece for all to see ,
and smile to yourself while all of your friends and family assume you 've spent a fortune .
An employee walks past the Baidu company signage outside its headquarters in Beijing , July 26 , 2011 .
20 am EDT ( Reuters ) - China 's hot Internet sector is facing a problem it is unaccustomed to :
a lack of money .
The world 's largest Internet market , with nearly half a billion users ,
gave birth to some of the world 's most vibrant Internet firms , such as Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings .
Venture capitalists bankrolled them ,
making knockout returns after the firms ' successful U.S. listings in the mid-to-latter half of the previous decade .
But a slew of accounting scandals and fears that the corporate structures used by China 's Internet firms could face greater scrutiny from Chinese authorities
have spooked U.S. investors in the past year , dulling their appetite for initial public offerings .
With IPO exits blocked , venture capital funds have dried up .
" It 's sort of winter time for Internet companies in terms of getting finance , " said Q.D. Wang , chief executive of Internet mobile startup Datou .
In the first quarter of 2012 , venture capital firms invested just $ 138.5 million into China 's Internet sector , an 84 percent fall from the $ 866.5 million invested in the year earlier period , Thomson Reuters data shows .
Starved of funds , scores of startups face an uncertain future .
Many are turning to unusual financing sources .
Some have dipped into their own funds .
Others have tapped family and friends for the capital they need to stay in business .
It was once a joke that all a Chinese Internet entrepreneur needed to raise money from a venture capitalist was a piece of paper with a business plan scribbled on it .
The joke is no longer true .
Wang of Datou said he raised cash last year , declining to give the amount , but he will not look for more this year .
Given the current harsh fundraising climate , he feels his time is better spent honing his business instead .
Song Li , chairman of photo-sharing website Digu.com , said
he knows of entrepreneurs who had to turn to their families and friends to raise the capital
that was once readily available from venture capital firms .
RISE , AND DECLINE
As U.S. IPO investors caught the China Internet bug , venture capital firms poured more money into startups , backing new companies to feed the IPO frenzy .
Venture capitalists poured $ 3.6 billion dollars into China 's Internet sector in 2011 ,
Thomson Reuters data shows , more than double the year earlier figure of $ 1.7 billion .
China 's online coupon companies became particularly hot .
Lashou.com , founded in March 2010 , had raised $ 166 million in venture capital by April 2011 , and was valued at $ 1.1 billion .
In the same month , China 's largest business-to-consumer website 360buy said it had raised $ 1.5 billion in new money ,
including $ 500 million from Russia 's Digital Sky Technologies , a Facebook investor .
Chinese Internet firms always favor the U.S. markets for an exit due to the lack of a profit requirement to list and the high valuations they can command .
But from mid-2011 , a series of accounting scandals hit Chinese firms listed in North America ,
leading to trading halts , delistings , lawsuits and regulatory probes in both the United States and Canada .
The scandals dampened sentiment for Chinese listed stocks among U.S. investors ,
and new entrants to the market face skeptical investors and tougher Securities and Exchange Commission rules .
Listing documents now also contain more visible disclosures about the structures these companies use , the so-called VIE or variable interest entity ,
which allows Chinese companies to get around certain rules forbidding foreign investment in sensitive sectors , like the Internet .
As a result , there were just six exits through U.S. IPOs in 2011 , data from Chinese research firm Zero2IPO shows .
Recent listings have failed to dazzle .
In March , online retailer Vipshop became the first China tech stock to list since August ,
but its shares fell as much as 12 percent on its New York debut .
Even a sharp cut in the offer price failed to overcome concerns about mounting losses and its complicated corporate structure .
With their capital trapped in companies like Lashou and 360buy , venture capitalists have naturally turned cautious .
" Chinese Internet companies , their main option is to go list in the U.S. , so when that channel is blocked , venture capital firms are a lot more cautious " , said Jay Chen , founder of venture capital research firm , China Venture .
SELECTIVE ABOUT INVESTING
Venture capitalists have not turned away entirely from China Internet firms ,
but they are far more selective about where they will invest .
Ecommerce firms took the lion 's share of 2011 VC money , but that will not be the case going forward .
" In the first wave of capital that goes into a sector , there 's a lot of relatively dumb money , says Gary Rieschel of Qiming Venture Partners . "
The assumption on ecommerce was that everyone is going to be like Amazon , and
it 's starting to be clear that that 's not going to be the case " , he adds .
Venture capital is looking for areas where barriers to entry are high .
Rieschel sees a shift towards areas like analytics and cloud computing ,
where intellectual property and technical skills create natural barriers to entry , and protect investment . "
I think we will have a percentage shift in that direction . "
Noma Bar is a man of few strokes .
But do n't let the simplicity fool you . His talent lies in his efficiency in depicting characters and social issues .
With bold colors , shapes and one or two icons he captures the spirit of a person .
Other times he communicates a message on a social issue with amazing clarity while adding a bit of humor to everything .
Whether the message is about violence or equality , his straight-forward visual approach is refreshing .
How does your background influence your work ?
I was born in the north of Israel in 1973 .
Israel was a young country with lots of influence from the Bauhaus school .
The architecture had a lot of squares and straight lines . But there is also something else about Israel .
There was the spirit of improvisation , in terms of how people create things , recycling and using ready-made .
Nevertheless it was quite sleepy and I did n't want to stay there .
Around my house there were original paintings . My mother was quite illustrative and playful .
For example she made the handle of the toilet into a [ silhouette of a ] duck .
We also had Hello Kitty things around the house .
Before I came to London I studied Hebrew typography . I was trained as a typographer , not as a illustrator .
And of course there was no great demand in London for a Hebrew typographer .
In my [ current ] work , I have typography influence . It 's like working with the elements of a letter .
It 's coming to this idea , no nonsense , monumental shape .
How do you describe your work ?
Sometimes I would say visual communication . It is not exactly graphic design and not exactly illustration .
I make brief illuminations . Putting light on the subjects and developing subjects is classic illustration .
But it looks like graphic design .
What I 'm doing exactly , is part characterture and part politics . It is about the subjects .
I 'm a visual comedian , a graphic comedian .
It is in a sense , less and less graphic design and more illustration .
It needs to be funny . It needs to bring a smile . This kind of emotion is very important .
How did you come to develop this style ?
I 'm attracted to actors that do n't use words .
Maybe it is because I come from a foreign country and I have to do a lot of non-verbal communication .
Comedy really influences me .
I admire silent films because they have the ability to make people laugh without saying any words , basically doing visual things without talking .
My work is like a comedy dialogue , short jokes , short stories .
It quite similar to comedy in that it ends with a punch line .
How long does it take you ?
It can take a couple of weeks or a day .
Portraits are challenging . It is a struggle to find the right ideas .
For me the idea has to comes first .
What is the most challenging portrait ?
They are all challenging .
Britney Spears was pretty hard . People with beautiful faces are hard to capture with a few strokes .
Her face is so balanced so it is hard to find something to grab onto .
I prefer ugly faces , they are much easier .
I was thinking about using a record , the outline of it . I did n't want to put two records .
Nick Hornby took me ages . He has a large music collection .
My challenge is to use one element and nothing extra .
What is your working process ?
I do a lot of drawings .
I have more than 60 sketch books . The sketch book is part of me , a on-going diary .
When I go to the computer I already know what I 'm doing . Almost all the conceptualizing is done .
Where do you find inspiration for your work ?
I like doing drawings in the Underground Tube .
Sitting on the Tube is like a gallery of people of different faces .
Everyone capitulated in one line and they change all the time .
I also look where many people do n't look . For example things on the floor .
A lot of things happen on the floor .
I look at negative spaces . I would look at the space between two cars , instead of the cars .
In a sense I 'm always looking and getting all the wrong information .
I really like Highgate woods , this is actually part of my routine . In the morning I 'm in the woods for a couple of hours a day .
I try not to sit on the same bench . I need to find new benches so I can surprise myself .
Are there any guidelines you live by as a illustrator or can give to other artists ?
Find your own thing and find your inner voice . If it suites you , really give shape to it . It a journey .
Do n't be fascinated by what everyone else is doing .
When people are always changing their styles they are not faithful to who they are . I can do a lot of things but I do n't .
Also think a lot .
Think hard before you start to do something .
I spend more time thinking than illustrating .
I need to surprise myself with good ideas and not just illustrate beautiful pictures .
In a different life , what other career would you choose ?
I would be a fine artist . I can wake up in the morning and express myself with no deadline .
Make drawing with soap bubbles . I can take soap bubble and make a video .
Oh , I do n't really know .
But today artists have to work on commission projects as well .
I also love sculpture . Perhaps mix it with sculpture .
This romantic dream of waking up and just doing art for fun is probably not realistic .
Name a few things that currently inspire you :
My new studio that I moved into a few months ago inspires me to make a lot of work . It is nice big place for myself . I 'm in here 19 hours a day .
Where ever I am , I can find inspiration . Basic things , things that are very close to me help me work .
Upcoming plans for this year ?
On Feb 16th , a new " What 's Up with Illustration 2  Exhibition opens at the Mauger Modern Art gallery in Bath , UK .
I also have a solo exhibition in April at KK Outlet , called Bitter Sweet .
Thanks Noma Bar for taking the time to talk us . You can buy his books Guess Who and Negative Space on Amazon .
Intel and its partners are about to launch the biggest promotion of a new product category called Ultrabooks since the company 's wi-fi based Centrino launch early last decade .
And Microsoft is about to launch a major update to Windows called Windows 8 that introduces the new Metro touch user interface .
Together they are critical products for the future of each company individually .
In the case of Ultrabooks , I actually see them as the natural evolution of laptops and not revolutionary , as Intel would like us to think .
Rather , they take advantage of the industry 's constant push to make things smaller , lighter , thinner and with better battery life .
For mainstream users who have had to lug around their rather bulky laptops for the past five years ,
they would be justified in asking Intel and the PC vendors , " What took you so long " ?
given that Apple has had their MacBook Air on the market for five years and defined what an Ultrabook should be .
And with Windows 8 and Metro , Microsoft is also following an evolutionary path toward touch user interfaces with its Metro-based smart phones and soon-to-be Metro-based tablets and PCs .
Again , consumers could ask Microsoft , " What took you so long " ? since Apple has had its touch user interface on the iPhone for five years and on its iPads for two years .
But both products will face several interesting challenges when they launch later this year .
In the case of Ultrabooks , they 'll most likely have starting prices of between $ 799 and $ 899 ,
though I hear there could be at least one  a stripped-down model  that could be as low as $ 699 .
At these prices , they 'll completely miss the mainstream laptop market that represents the bulk of laptops sold at prices between $ 299 and $ 599 .
it does n't translate well to the laptop or PC , since 100 % of existing PCs do n't have touch screens .
In the case of Windows 8 and Metro , while Metro is great on Microsoft 's phones and works very well on the tablets I 've tested ,
And most PC vendors are not putting touch screens on the majority of their new laptops because to do so adds at least another $ 100 to $ 150 in cost to the customer .
If you 've tested the consumer preview of Windows 8 and Metro on an existing laptop , you know how frustrating it is to use with existing trackpads .
I consider this a potential Achilles ' heel for Windows 8 , and one that could really hurt its short-term prospects .
To be fair , Microsoft three weeks ago released recommended guidelines for next-generation trackpads , and a new design I 've seen from Synaptics could make laptops work well with Metro once it rolls out .
But this should have been something Microsoft focused on a year ago so it could have all the new laptops Metro-enabled at launch .
That it has instead worked extra hard to create trackpads and external trackpads that map to the touch experience on the iPhone and iPad ?
You 've noticed that Apple has n't put touch screens on its laptops and desktops ?
Instead , I predict significant consumer confusion on the horizon when people try to use Metro on existing trackpads or any other nontouch input device , as the experience will be confusing at first and frustrating afterward .
My sense is that Microsoft should have launched Metro only on tablets this year and gradually moved Windows 8 Metro to the consumer PC markets once it had it optimized for laptops .
I consider the initial pricing for Ultrabooks and putting Metro on laptops and desktops issues that could slow down any early adoption of these products this year and perhaps deliver a graduated adoption in the future .
However , I believe Intel and Microsoft have a secret weapon in the works that could win them kudos from the marketplace and be a key driver in getting users really interested in both companies again .
The secret weapon is a new form factor often referred to as hybrids .
These are tablets that can be docked into a keyboard , effectively making them either a laptop or a laptop with a detachable keyboard .
You might think those two are one in the same , but they 're actually very different in terms of design goals .
In the former 's case , the design is specifically around the tablet , and the keyboard dock is modular .
We already have a lot of examples of this with the iPad ,
In this case , the keyboard just supports the input functions of the tablet .
But in the latter case , the design resembles more a slim laptop or Ultrabook-like casing , and the screen can be taken off and used as a tablet .
I believe this design is the secret weapon that Microsoft and Intel can use against Apple and , at least on paper , give Apple a run for its money , especially in business and enterprise .
And to a lesser extent , it could be hot in some consumer segments where the keyboard is critical and users want a laptop-centered experience as well .
This is where Apple 's current strategy can be challenged .
There 's the iPad that stands by itself , and then the MacBook Air , Apple 's Ultrabook that  like the iPad  also stands by itself as a separate product .
But each has its own operating system , and although Mountain Lion brings a lot of iOS-like features to OS X , the two are still distinct and separate operating systems .
With the introduction of Windows 8  especially as used on a laptop-centered hybrid in which the screen ( tablet ) can be detached and used as a true tablet that takes full advantage of Metro  Microsoft and Intel give their customers the best of both worlds in a single device .
When in Ultrabook laptop mode , users can work with the comfortable Windows 7like user interface they 're accustomed to while maintaining access to hundreds of thousands of Windows apps .
But when the screen detaches , it automatically switches to the Metro user interface and the touch experience is now central to the device .
In this mode , apps designed for Metro can give users a rich tablet experience out of the box .
If done right , the user would end up with a Windows 8 Ultrabook with a detachable screen ( tablet ) and need to purchase only one device instead of two .
And our research shows that IT and even some consumers would have no trouble paying $ 999 or more for this combo product .
At that price it would be a bargain .
Most IT-purchased laptops are in the $ 699-to-$999 range now ,
and those who bought iPads to augment their users ' work experiences cost at least $ 499 ,
so a combo device at even $ 1,299 to $ 1,399 is more than reasonable for them .
Intel knows this and believes that as much as 50 % of all Windows tablets will be hybrids .
And Microsoft will push these types of products especially if Windows 8 laptops do n't take off as planned .
Could anything potentially derail Intel and Microsoft 's hybrid strategy ?
If Apple applies its innovative design knowledge to create a hybrid that blends the iPad and the MacBook Air into a single device , it could have an impact on their ability to dominate this market .
On the other hand , it would validate Intel and Microsoft 's strategy as well .
And if they beat Apple to the market with their version , which is likely , since at least four hybrids are set to come out by October ,
it could be the hero product of the launch that highlights the value of an Intel-based x86 ecosystem and convinces Windows users of the need for Ultrabooks and tablets running Windows 8 .
" We tolerate people to our own virtue , but tolerate bad ideas to our own demise " .
Intolerance has a bad reputation . And with good reason too .
Still , I 'm not so sure it should be thrown out with the bathwater quite yet .
As a matter of fact , I 'm actually an advocate of having a good healthy dose of it .
Surprised ? Keep reading .
I think you 'll agree .
You see , the problem with intolerance is not so much the intolerance per se as much as what our intolerance is directed at .
It 's the object of intolerance that makes it a moral issue .
Change the object and the morality of your intolerance changes too .
There are certainly things in life we should tolerate like human differences , the incessant questions from children , clumsy attempts by good-meaning people to offer help , bad fashion and the like .
But there are times when intolerance is an outright virtue .
1 . Be Intolerant of Naysayers Pursuing our dreams and reaching our goals are hard enough on their own .
Read on to see what I mean  10 Things Worthy of Our Intolerance
Trying to swim upstream as others throw rocks at us makes it unnecessarily harder .
So be wary of sharing your goals with those who habitually doubt and criticize and put down .
Wet blankets are wet blankets no matter what the relationship .
Choose who you confide in wisely .
Those who tolerate pessimism ( from themselves or others ) are those who volunteer to climb the mountain of life with one arm tied behind their back and one leg cut off .
Still , do n't confuse pessimism with wisdom or prudence .
Optimism is not intellectual laziness .
Positive thinking does not grant absolution from responsibility or honest self-evaluation of your assets , abilities and commitment .
It does n't excuse you from the hard work of preparation .
Optimists still buy life insurance .
( &lt;  Tweet this ! )
But where pessimism itself is creating deep caverns of difficulty between you and your dreams , a quiet and respectful yet sturdy and firm intolerance may be the most appropriate response .
2 . Be Intolerant of Hate Do n't tolerate racist jokes and comments .
Do n't accept hateful barbs thrown at you or others .
Never look the other way or excuse the bully regardless of the bully 's background .
To do otherwise is to enable and empower the hate , to turn your back on the bullied , give tacit approval to the intolerable behavior and abandon its object to a miserable fate .
Do n't tolerate your own hate either .
Hatred is a cancer that must be removed before it metastasizes into the bone marrow of your soul .
But be careful not to accuse every disagreement as being motivated by hate .
3 . Be Intolerant of Dishonesty Do n't accept lies .
Be tolerant of opposing ideas even if intolerant of the hate that may motivate some who articulate them .
Do n't tell them .
Live your life in such a way as to not feel the need to hide behind them .
Do n't allow others ( or yourself ) the opportunity to nestle into their own cowardice .
That is , after all , what lying is .
It 's an attempt to get around the consequences of our decisions .
Or perhaps it 's a way to avoid the overreaction of someone close or who has authority over us .
Even so , have the courage to let the person overreacting choose how to deal with an honest life , not a pretended one .
4 . Be Intolerant of Hypocrisy Do you expect from others what you do n't expect from yourself ?
Then have the courage to accept their response .
Do you impose a set of rules on others you won't accept as an imposition on you ?
That 's what hypocrisy is , you know .
Hypocrisy is the act of living a lie , pretending to be something you 're not or requiring others to live by a set of rules you reject for yourself .
If you tolerate hypocrisy from others , stop it !
Demand an equal playing field .
Anything less is a form of servitude .
Refuse to be a slave to someone else 's unwillingness to treat you like an equal .
( &lt;  Tweet this ! )
But remember that hypocrisy is not the same as inconsistency or human frailty .
We are all inconsistent at living up to all we value .
Otherwise , we would be perfect  or would have no ideals , standards or values we would have to bother trying to live up to .
5 . Be Intolerant of Excuses Excuses are messy things .
So be decidedly tolerant of people inconsistently trying to live up to their values and intolerant of those who would hide behind their values or impose them on others while ducking the imposition themselves .
They squirm and whine and reshape themselves like playdough pushed into cracks and crevasses .
They defuse and deny , weaken and stifle greatness .
Stay away from the numbing poison of excuses .
Providing reasons is not the same as giving excuses , though .
Reasons give an accounting , while excuses justify .
Reasons accept responsibility , while excuses seek to pin fault on someone else 's lapel .
Reasons explain , while excuses try to divert attention and hide motive .
So never give in to the self-defeating urge to give excuses for balls dropped and wrong turns made .
And while you 're at it , do n't accept them from others either .
Hold yourself and others accountable for the decisions you and they make .
Be compassionate , forgiving and patient as we all learn to accept responsibility for our choices ,
but intolerant of the excuses we may try to irresponsibly hide behind in the meantime .
6 . Be Intolerant of Gossip If you are not intolerant of gossip you will become a steppingstone for it to spread its social damage .
Gossip not shared but tolerated is fueled .
( &lt;  Tweet this ! )
Refuse to tolerate it .
Stop it dead in its tracks .
Ask for evidence .
Make those dishing it out explain themselves .
Suggest going to the person being gossiped about for their side as a concerned friend or neighbor or associate .
Be the person responsible for killing the words that whisper and sneak behind backs and cowardly hide behind anonymity .
Gossip is a form of cowardice .
Cowardice dies in the light .
7 . Be Intolerant of Timewasters The respect you have for yourself and others can be seen in the way you treat your time and theirs .
Shine the light .
Do n't get me wrong , socializing and recreation are not wastes of time .
They are essential to renew and befriend and experience many of life 's little joys .
But to spend hours on end in no particular endeavor , as a pattern of repeated behavior , stealing the moments otherwise available for more meaningful activities is to fundamentally misunderstand what life was meant to be 
8 . Be Intolerant of Ingratitude Ingratitude is a particularly ugly form of selfishness .
and , most tragically , what you could have become and accomplished had time been used more wisely .
It 's taking others ' kindness for granted , indifferent to their thoughtfulness .
Ingratitude is intolerable because it fails to recognize the humanity of the person who has done something kind .
Even Jesus asked the 10th leper where the other nine were he had healed when the 10th was the only one to thank him .
Help people grow by gently and lovingly and compassionately reminding them to express gratitude more freely .
You will be helping them lay a foundation for greater and deeper and more consistent levels of happiness .
Still , the most effective way to encourage gratitude in others is to be grateful yourself .
Lead by example , not in spite of it .
( &lt;  Tweet this ! )
9 . Be Intolerant of Self-condemnation The words we use when we talk to ourselves or about ourselves matter tremendously .
They matter because our words tend to gel into belief .
And belief sets the parameter for action .
We will never do what we are sure can never be done .
( &lt;  Tweet this ! )
So our self-talk , the tone and words and meaning we use in our internal dialogue , shapes us , affecting ( sometimes infecting ) our attitudes and reactions to life .
When we criticize and condemn , we start to believe we 're less , unworthy , inevitable screw-ups and good for very little .
Do n't tolerate it .
Correct it .
Argue against it .
Push the little whiny weasel into the corner and out the backdoor  then lock it !
And never allow the weasel back in .
Tolerate mistakes and human imperfection .
Do n't tolerate the self-abusive contempt we sometimes internalize when we inevitably stumble .
10 . Be Intolerant of Fear Fear of bee stings is a good thing if you 're deathly allergic and standing at the edge of a field of flowers swarming with the little buggers as a friend ( or enemy ) ? waves you out into the field .
But it 's not a good thing if it keeps you from ever going outside .
Context and degree are important factors to consider when evaluating the psychological health of your fear .
But here are a few basic questions that should help :
Is your fear limiting your ability to live life to its fullest ?
Is it tearing you apart from the inside ?
Is it harming relationships , self-esteem , self-respect , work performance or otherwise getting in the way ?
Is it chronic and debilitating ?
Does it control you ?
Is it overwhelming ?
If your answer is yes to any of those questions , you are tolerating a response to a perceived threat that may not be as threatening as you think it is .
If you can , confront it .
If you can't , get help from someone who can walk you through it or around it or away from it .
Remember , fear is only a perceived obstacle to the path you want to travel .
It does not control you .
It 's nothing more than a feeling , an emotional response to a perceived outcome .
Change the perception and the fear starts to dissipate .
I just want to be clear that not all of the bands below are bad by any means , however , they do not necessarily deserve the heaps of praise they receive .
Here 's to hoping that this list inspires as much anger and as many death threats as the first one !
1 . Sonic Youth - It 's number one , I have to make it a doozy .
Sonic Youth are creative , skilled and critically acclaimed almost to the point of worship .
One problem , they create music that is nearly impossible to listen to , let alone enjoy .
I cannot pretend like I have Sonic Youth 's entire catalog but the 100 or so songs that I do own are basically just there for decoration .
I might switch on a track or two every year or so when I 'm feeling masochistic .
2 . Bjork - She 's sort of like the less talented , even weirder fraternal twin of Thom Yorke with all of her avant leanings and eclectic u-turns over the years .
Exeptions - Dirty and Goo had a couple decent tracks , namely " Drunken Butterfly " and " Kool Thing . "
She just tries too damn hard to be different and all of those experiments feel forced , soulless and unbelievably offensive to the ears .
Her music is pretentious , distant and nearly impossible to suffer through .
Exceptions - Closest thing I 've ever heard to a decent Bjork song is " Hidden Place " and " Pagan Poetry " .
3 . The White Stripes - Am I the only person out there that thinks that White Blood Cells is just about the most pedestrian album ever written ?
I realize that the White Stripes had a big role in starting the whole Garage Revival fad which became ubiquitous a year later .
I know that creativity is important to many and that 's understandable .
However , I 'm of the persuasion that creativity and a song called " Seven Nation Army " should only be able to get a band so far .
Exceptions - Their last 3 albums have admittedly had killer lead singles ( " Seven Nation Army " , " Blue Orchid " , and " Icky Thump . ) "
4 . Flaming Lips - You stay around long enough and you 're bound to produce a few tolerable songs .
Too bad these are their only 3 good songs .
Through the course of 27 years and 13 albums I might be able to laboriously assemble a decent top 10 list from their gratuitous discography ( and I just did . )
However , Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots is as close as they came to making a complete album that you can actually get through .
Exceptions - As mentioned , Yoshimi . That album does have the Lips only 2 must have songs in " Fight Test " and " Do you Realize " .
5 . LCD Soundsystem - In the original version of this list I blamed a general disdain for electronica as a large catalyst for not liking this band .
My taste in music has changed drastically since then .
Now I know that that 's not the reason I do n't like LCD .
I now call bands like Boards of Canada , Vitalic , The Knife and Hot Chip some of my favorites .
LCD Soundsystem remains in my doghouse .
Just average , uninspiring dancetronica ..
Exceptions - Gotta give it up to " All my Friends " .
I can at least recognize that Sound of Silver is a pretty good album even if I 'm almost never compelled to listen to it .
6 . Bright Eyes - In terms of pure scorn alloted to any bands on this list , Bright Eyes has no rival .
This band is just pure shit .
However the 5 bands above Bright Eyes are more popular and critically acclaimed and thus deserving of higher ranking on this unenviable list .
Not to detract , Bright Eyes is devoid of talent and make completely dull music for little girls ( OK little girls with a propensity for ' great ' lyrics . )
Exceptions - To this day I like one of their songs - " Something Vague " .
7 . Animal Collective - I 'm sure this one won't be at all controversial .
OK , so here is my beef .
Animal Collective is basically the biggest thing in Indiedom circa 2010 .
Do they deserve a ton of acclaim for producing pretty much the best album of 2009 ?
Do they deserve more flack for producing 6 or 7 albums prior to that which range anywhere from poor to earsplitting ?
I 'll wait for at least a couple more great albums until I take them off this list .
8 . Jesus and Mary Chain - I 've always been pretty resistant , even hostile to hype .
Exceptions - Merriweather Post Pavilion is already legendary .
Hype saddled us with the Tamagotchi , Y2K and Sarah Palin .
Somewhat similar to Sonic Youth , Jesus and Mary Chain have a reputation that prevents people from forming appropriate and rational conclusions about them .
I would guarantee that if someone woke up from a lifelong coma and listened to Psychocandy that they would absolutely hate it .
Exceptions - I wish there were some ..
9 . Arctic Monkeys - Another miss by the British press ?
I do believe it !
The Arctic Monkeys just might be the most annoying band on this list .
Every single damn song does the same exact thing .
Blood curdling vocals by Alex Turner , meaningless lyrics and guitars and drumming that sound like Strokes B-Sides .
10 . Joanna Newsom - So the harp is pretty cool , I guess .
Exceptions - Could n't tell you one song I like by them .
Joanna makes music that sounds pleasant enough when you listen to the first minute or two of the first song .
The issue is that by the start of the second ( horrifically long ) song you basically know all that there is to know .
Then there 's that voice and the general antiquated sound of the music .
She 's just a tough , unenjoyable listen .
11 . Of Montreal - Kevin Barnes needs to realize that the whole David Bowie routine became lame even while Bowie was still clinging to it .
Exceptions - I hope she continues in the direction of her recent album which is her first good one .
Surely even people who like this band simultaneously hate them ?
I find that even the couple songs of theirs that I like I cannot listen to more than once every couple months .
Can you imagine what it would be like to sit down and listen to their entire discography in one sitting ?
The makings of a psychopath anyone ??
Exceptions - " Disconnect the Dots " , " Rapture Rapes the Muses " , " Wraith Pinned to the Mist and Other Games . "
12 . Super Furry Animals - The only thing worse than the name Gruff Rhys is the band he leads .
When I hear people complain about a band being overly ' British sounding ' this is basically the band that comes to mind .
From that obnoxious Bowie aping voice to the annoying hooks they recycle this band offers absolutely nothing .
13 . Sigur Rs - My alarm clock also has soothing sounds that can put me to sleep .
Exceptions - Definitely " Run-Away " probably " Golden Retriever " too .
Usually when a band is described by the music press as ethereal it means that they are incredibly boring .
The problem is that there are just too many bands in this niche and this type of thing has been done better both before and after Sigur Ros came along .
Exceptions - That one song whose name I can't pronounce .
Oh , wait , that 's every song .
No exceptions to speak of .
14 . Bloc Party - The only thing that keeps them from top ten is that many have now realized what I 've preached all along - that they suck .
Their career has followed a downward spiral as soon as the hysteria over their first album subsided .
If forced to , I 'd actually argue that their recent album is their best ( still not good by any means . )
Exceptions - " Banquet " is easily their best moment .
15 . Hsker D - A lot of actually good bands name check them .
I wonder if those bands realize they are probably way better than these guys ?
My problem with really lo-fi bands is that the sound quality is just so crappy that they have to be really good to produce enjoyable music .
I guess it 's almost unfair to judge them on the same scale .
But I will anyways .
Exceptions - Must admit I do n't have anywhere close to their entire catalog .
What I do have I universally dislike .
16 . The Replacements - Another sacrilegious choice by your heretic king ( err , czar . )
Never seen anything worthy of their lofty reputation .
Exceptions - " The Ledge " is a good song .
17 . Sleigh Bells - Nobody even approaches them for the title of most overrated album of 2010 .
Exceptions - Obviously they have n't been around much .
18 . Guided by Voices - Still think Pollard should have gone with Guided by Money .
I doubt they ever put out anything I like .
19 . Violent Femmes - Biggest claim to fame is that they are one of 14,683 bands to have written a song about masturbating .
Exceptions - Even I cannot deny that " Game of Pricks " is a superb song .
Those rebels !
Exceptions - None to speak of .
20 . No Age - Is it perfectly clear yet that I 'm not a fan of Noise ' Pop ' ?
Exceptions - Hell no .
21 . The Smiths - This was a tough addition but they have made too many really bad songs to be an Indie all time great .
Exceptions - Admittedly , there are many .
" How Soon is Now " is legendary .
" That Joke is n't Funny Anymore " and " The Boy with the Thorn in his Side " are really , really good .
22 . Fleet Foxes - Meet 2008 's most overrated band .
Like we needed another boring Folk Rock band forced on us .
Exceptions - " Your Protector " is the closest they have to a keeper .
23 . The Libertines - 2010 's most unworthy reunion ( and there were many . )
Part of what made 2004 one of my favorite years of music is that they called it quits .
Exceptions - None here .
24 . Fugazi - Would absolutely NOT be on a top 25 overrated Vegans list !
Exceptions - " Waiting Room " and " Give me the Cure " .
25 . Clap your Hands Say Yeah ! - If Ounsworth just clapped his hands and never sang this band would n't be on this list .
Exceptions - " Love Song No . 7 " is much better than anything on the first album .
I 'd love to see your own lists .
LET THE BASHING BEGIN , FRIENDS !!
Updated on 03/11/11 by the Rock Czar
April is Autism Awareness Month and tomorrow , April 2 , Autism Awareness Day .
Autism Speaks , the largest autism science-and-advocacy organization in the U.S. ,
estimates that 67 million people worldwide live with the condition , which remains the fastest-growing developmental disability in the world --
affecting 1 out of every 110 children .
Recent efforts in early detection and educational intervention have shown encouraging results ,
bringing a measure of hope to often difficult family situations .
Relatives and caretakers of those with autism will tell you that it can be both the most frustrating and the most rewarding work of their lives .
My only brother is autistic ,
and my family and I know these difficulties and rewards well .
He's an adult now , living happily in a group home much like the one featured in the final four photos below by Kevin Wellenius .
For further information ,
visit advocacy groups Autism Speaks or Autism Society .
Many thanks to the families and photographers who are sharing their personal , intimate photos here today .
Maria , the daughter of Spanish illustrator Miguel Gallardo is seen in this image from a 2010 documentary film titled Maria y Yo ( Maria and I . )
Gallardo's sketches over 12 years led to a comic book explaining everyday life with his autistic daughter and its challenges .
The film tracks the relationship between Maria , Miguel and his ex-wife May , and how they have learned to cope with Maria's disability .
2 Mother and son .
Flickr member smithereen11 shares this photo of his wife Heather and son Corin -
" Those two are very much in love .
The shot was taken just after my wife had had her hair done
and the light was pouring through our sliding door just perfect so I grabbed my camera and this was the result .
The two of them are like boyfriend and girlfriend in front of the camera so it's actually quite easy to get cool and interesting pictures of them .
' kind of mother/son relationship .
He still loves to be close to Mom " .
Original photo here .
3 Mother and father Dawn and Nick Soefje stay with their daughter Trinity , age 4 , as she prepares for an MRI scan of her brain to look for possible causes for her autism in 2005 .
Photographer and father Nick Soefje :
" Trinity is now 9 and doing excellent in school
plays with friends and fights with her younger brother .
At that time , we were in the early years of autism discovery and were having an MRI done to see if there were any physical issues with her brain .
The MRI came back fine . "
Original photo here .
4 Grace Brown-Griffin , 10 , sits with her support dog Merlin during the final of the Crufts ' Friends for Life ' competition at the 2011 Crufts dog show in the National Exhibition Center on March 13 , 2011 in Birmingham , England .
Grace is autistic and suffers from ADHD ,
the presence of Merlin helps her to cope with stressful situations .
The pair were finalists in the Crufts Friends for Life competition which recognizes dogs which are able to assist their owners through bravery , support or companionship .
5 Todd Washburne , left , who is autistic , gets help from his mother , Gloria , as he testifies with a voice computer during a public hearing on the proposed state budget cuts to health and human services in Montpelier , Vermont on Tuesday , Dec . 16 , 2008 .
Washburne was fearful of cuts in programs that he gets support from .
6 Ethan Johnson , left , finds Elliot , right , in the closet while playing hide and seek at Elliot's home on November 19th in Eagan , Minnesota
Both boys have autism and their play dates are part of therapy that teaches them to interact with other children .
This photo was originally part of a story in the Minnesota Daily : Treating Autism .
Original photo here .
7 An autistic child looks out from behind a chair at the Consulting Center for Autism in Amman , Jordan on March 30 , 2010 ,
one of the few places in the country that helps children with the condition .
( Reuters/Ali Jarekji ) #
8 Competitive surfer Candice Appleby , of Honolulu , Hawaii , teaches a young autistic boy how to surf at Alii Beach Park in Haleiwa , Hawaii , on the North Shore of Oahu , Friday , March 2 , 2007 .
Professional surfers from Hawaii and California spent the day teaching dozens of autistic children in a one-day surf camp sponsored by Surfers Healing ,
a group founded by former professional surfer Israel Paskowitz after he noticed the calming effect the ocean had on his own autistic son .
The surf camps , which are free for autistic children and their families , are held in Hawaii , California , and New York .
9 Mary Bennett keeps an eye on her son Michael , 11 in their living room on Tuesday March 2 , 2010 in Irmo , South Carolina .
Michael is autistic and unable to dress himself , use a bathroom or communicate .
Bennett may soon face the most difficult choice of her life as a single parent :
give up her job or institutionalize Michael .
A possible state spending plan would eliminate spending on any non-residential program for people with disabilities .
Bennett is only able to work because the state cares for her son part of the day .
10.Vell Baria , a girl with autism , is made up inside a washroom before she performs in Autismusical ,
a free public concert sponsored by a mall as a venue for individuals who have autism to showcase their different talents as well as to highlight world autism awareness day , inside a mall in Quezon City ,
Metro Manila on April 2 , 2009 .
( Reuters/John Javellana ) #
11 Therapist Madelen Fernandez and a disabled child swim with a dolphin at the Cuba's National Aquarium in Havana , Wednesday , April 11 , 2007 .
Dolphins , sea tortoises and sea lions at Cuba's National Aquarium have been helping children with special needs ,
such with autism , Down Syndrome or mental retardation , increasing both their independence and sociability .
( AP Photo / Javier Galeano ) #
12 Parker Leiby , an autistic child , views a movie during a demonstration of the magnetoencephalography , MEG for short , at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia on Friday , Nov . 28 , 2008 , in Philadelphia .
MEG is a noninvasive technology used to study unique brain wave patterns spotted for the first time in autistic children which may help explain why they have so much trouble communicating .
( AP Photo / Joseph Kaczmarek )
# 13 Quinn &amp; his ducks .
Mother and photographer Nancy Price :
" We thought the way he was always lining up toys was just a quirky thing he liked to do ..
but later realized it was a very strong indicator that he had autism .
Someone pointed out that he has the ducks positioned in a Fibonacci sequence here - 1 , 1 , 2 , 3 .
After looking at some other photos ,
we saw that he has used various types of non-random patterns with his stacking , aligning and drawing " .
Original photo here .
(  Nancy Price / Autism Effect )
# 14 Shayan Forough works on writing letters during Applied Behavior Analysis therapy with instructor Miri Volchegorsky at the child's home Monday , Oct . 6 , 2008 , in Kirkland , Washington .
At the time , Shayan's parents were paying more than $ 1,000 a week for the therapy for their 12-year-old autistic son .
( AP Photo/Elaine Thompson )
# 15 An autistic child attends a music class at the Dora Alonso Center for autistic children in Havana , Cuba on February 11 , 2008 .
( REUTERS/Enrique De La Osa )
# 16 Photographer and father Jason Wilkie , on this portrait of his son :
I wish I could see at times .
Original photo here .
(  Jason Wilkie )
# 17 Austin Boyd , an 8-year-old with autism , bounces on his parent's bed at their home Friday , April 20 , 2008 in Port Charlotte , Florida .
Because Austin has a developmental disorder not covered by insurance ,
the Boyd family has spent years waiting for help from Medicaid .
( AP Photo/Steve Nesius )
# 18 U.S. couple John and Maggie Davies and their daughter Qiongjian , severely disabled by cerebral palsy and autism ,
who they adopted as an abandoned local baby girl in 1997
and eventually set up the Bright Connection center in Sanya , on October 26 , 2009 in China's southernmost island province of Hainan .
The center was set up in 2004 by the couple from Colorado who moved to the sub-tropical island in the mid-1990's as consultants for its booming hotel industry
but were moved by what they saw as the huge needs of local disabled children and they now care for and provide therapy for up to 25 children with cerebral palsy , autism , or both .
Some are orphans given up by parents daunted by the challenge of raising them while others come from local orphanages .
( FREDERIC J . BROWN/AFP/Getty Images )
# 19 Father and photographer Lance Neilson :
" This is my son Tyler ( age six now , ) after having a ' freak out ' session after I messed up the order of events for his routine after school .
I'm a single parent of 2 , and grandpa helps A LOT .
Tyler has an attachment to grandpa ,
because he is there all the time due to my work schedule and side business .
This is one of the most amazing children .
From when he was diagnosed when he was 2 ,
I was told he may not be able to tie his shoe , or even use the bathroom .
He currently is reading at a first grade level ,
attempting to write words by pronunciation ,
and wires electrical outlets on a special board my father made for him ,
not connected to a current of course .
He's higher functioning now than he was first diagnosed ,
and my life is so much more wonderful every day . "
Original photo here .
(  Lance Neilson ) # 20 Photographer Glenn Cantor :
" This is Logan and Juke .
Logan is an 11-year-old boy who lives in Unalakleet Alaska and has autism .
After a visit by musher DeeDee Jonrowe several years ago ,
he spoke one of his first words , " Miyagi "
( the name of one of DeeDee's sled dogs . )
It became obvious how strong an impact dogs had on Logan ,
and the idea came up to get a service dog for Logan ,
a dog who could receive and give unconditional love and companionship .
DeeDee organized a group of other mushers who tirelessly raised funds to get Logan a trained dog from a group called 4 Paws for Ability in Ohio .
Many people and companies pitched in , including Eagle Pack , a dog food company , and Northern Air Cargo , who flew Juke and the dog food to Unalakleet , which is many hundreds of miles from the nearest road . "
Original photo here .
(  Glenn Cantor ) # 21 Ronnie Arloff smiles as he reacts to ' Kaspar ' the robot as he takes part in research project ,
in Hatfield , England on Monday , Feb . 28 , 2011 .
Autistic children play with the robot for up to 10 minutes alongside a scientist who controls the robot with a remote control .
Kaspar is programmed to do things like smile , frown , laugh , blink and wave his arms .
( AP Photo/Alastair Grant )
# 22 An autistic child learns to speak next to his teacher during a therapy session at a school for autistic children in Tianjin municipality March 31 , 2010 .
( Reuters/Vincent Du )
# 23 From left , Andrea Levy , 13 , Elias Cazares Jr , .
13 , and Hadiya Allen , 13 practice cooperation and good sportsmanship by playing a game during PEERS class at the University of California ,
Los Angeles on June 10 , 2009 .
The 14-week course helps autistic teens build social skills .
Many people with autism spectrum disorders want to develop meaningful relationships ,
but lack the know-how of slipping into a conversation or deciphering body language and facial expressions , social scientists say .
( AP Photo/Kim Johnson Flodin )
# 24 Jacob Day , 3 , who is autistic , studies a flash card held by his instructional assistant at his home in
Antelope , California , on April 24 , 2007 .
At 18 months old , Jacob was formally diagnosed with autism , about a year earlier than usual .
Before he turned 2 , he began daily intensive behavior treatment designed to help him lead a more normal life .
( AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli )
# 25 A mother helps her autistic son correct his direction in a relay race during a therapy session at the Stars and Rain School for autistic children in Beijing , China on March 23 , 2009 .
China now has about 100 schools for autistic children ,
many of them NGOs that send their teachers to Stars and Rain to learn from its model .
Some provinces have also begun to set up state-backed schools , in a sign that autism , known in Chinese as " lonely syndrome " is finally getting recognition .
Picture taken March 23 , 2009 .
( Reuters/Jason Lee )
# 26 ( 1 of 4 ) Since 1984 , Curt Brown ( standing ) has been a foster parent to several adult men with autism ,
living with them in his home in Gardiner , Maine .
He has forged a deep familial bond with many of the residents ,
but the commitment has also come at the expense of other goals ,
including personal relationships .
As he turned 65 , Curt confronted what lay ahead for him , as well as for the seven men living with him .
Here , a group evening meal is emblematic of the family environment Curt has created for his residents .
Around the table are ( clockwise from left ) Graham Weston , Ben Brendahl , Lee Calderwood , Keith Keller , Aaron Bridgham , Timmy Barton , and John Williamson .
(  Kevin Wellenius )
# 27 ( 2 of 4 ) After finishing the evening chores , Curt rests briefly as Graham Weston , a resident since 1994 , stands at his customary spot in the kitchen .
" It's a lot of years " , Curt says .
While there have been many theories about how best to provide for adults with autism , "
ultimately what we found was the most successful was making a cohesive family unit ..
and treating everybody as a valid family member " , says Curt .
(  Kevin Wellenius ) # 28 ( 3 of 4 )
" I love you " , Curt says to Aaron after moving his belongings to a new home .
In addition to Aaron , three of the other residents moved to a new home in Rome , Maine .
The three remaining residents continue to live at Curt's home in Gardiner ,
but its operation has been taken over by an agency .
(  Kevin Wellenius ) # 29 ( 4 of 4 )
Lee Calderwood ( left ) and Curt Brown hug in the living room of Curt's home in Gardiner , Maine .
" It's a life pretty full of love " , says Curt .
" Who gets to say ' good night ' and ' I love you ' to two or three or four people every single night of the week " ?
(  Kevin Wellenius ) #
Remember how your mother used to always tell you " patience is a virtue " ?
It turns out none of us took her advice .
Today , with lightning-speed data connections and optimized web browsers ,
online inquiries are answered in mere milliseconds 
that is , until the website you're pinging grinds to a halt .
The people at OnlineGraduatePrograms.com took a look at the impact of site speed on American browsing habits .
For example , more than 3 billion Google searches are performed each day ,
but slowing the response time for results by even four-tenths of a second reduces that number by 8 million .
When you multiply those lost users across major websites like Google and Amazon ,
you're looking at serious amounts of missing revenue .
This infographic also explores how the " Google Generation " relates to a world that doesn't always provide instant gratification .
For example ,
many Americans now refuse to wait in line longer than 15 minutes .
As always , time is money 
but the Internet may have sent that equation into overdrive .
SPEAKING two languages rather than just one has obvious practical benefits in an increasingly globalized world .
But in recent years , scientists have begun to show that the advantages of bilingualism are even more fundamental than being able to converse with a wider range of people .
Being bilingual , it turns out , makes you smarter .
This view of bilingualism is remarkably different from the understanding of bilingualism through much of the 20th century .
Researchers , educators and policy makers long considered a second language to be an interference ,
cognitively speaking , that hindered a child's academic and intellectual development .
They were not wrong about the interference :
there is ample evidence that in a bilingual's brain both language systems are active even when he is using only one language ,
thus creating situations in which one system obstructs the other .
But this interference , researchers are finding out , isn't so much a handicap as a blessing in disguise .
It forces the brain to resolve internal conflict , giving the mind a workout that strengthens its cognitive muscles .
Bilinguals , for instance , seem to be more adept than monolinguals at solving certain kinds of mental puzzles .
In a 2004 study by the psychologists Ellen Bialystok and Michelle Martin-Rhee ,
bilingual and monolingual preschoolers were asked to sort blue circles and red squares presented on a computer screen into two digital bins 
one marked with a blue square and the other marked with a red circle .
The collective evidence from a number of such studies suggests that the bilingual experience improves the brain's so-called executive function 
a command system that directs the attention processes that we use for planning , solving problems and performing various other mentally demanding tasks .
These processes include ignoring distractions to stay focused ,
switching attention willfully from one thing to another and holding information in mind 
like remembering a sequence of directions while driving .
The key difference between bilinguals and monolinguals may be more basic :
a heightened ability to monitor the environment .
" Bilinguals have to switch languages quite often  you may talk to your father in one language and to your mother in another language " , says Albert Costa , a researcher at the University of Pompea Fabra in Spain .
" It requires keeping track of changes around you in the same way that we monitor our surroundings when driving " .
In a study comparing German-Italian bilinguals with Italian monolinguals on monitoring tasks ,
Mr . Costa and his colleagues found that the bilingual subjects not only performed better ,
but they also did so with less activity in parts of the brain involved in monitoring , indicating that they were more efficient at it .
The bilingual experience appears to influence the brain from infancy to old age
( and there is reason to believe that it may also apply to those who learn a second language later in life . )
In a 2009 study led by Agnes Kovacs of the International School for Advanced Studies in Trieste , Italy ,
7-month-old babies exposed to two languages from birth were compared with peers raised with one language .
In an initial set of trials , the infants were presented with an audio cue and then shown a puppet on one side of a screen .
Both infant groups learned to look at that side of the screen in anticipation of the puppet .
But in a later set of trials ,
when the puppet began appearing on the opposite side of the screen ,
the babies exposed to a bilingual environment quickly learned to switch their anticipatory gaze in the new direction while the other babies did not .
Bilingualism's effects also extend into the twilight years .
In a recent study of 44 elderly Spanish-English bilinguals ,
scientists led by the neuropsychologist Tamar Gollan of the University of California , San Diego ,
found that individuals with a higher degree of bilingualism 
measured through a comparative evaluation of proficiency in each language 
were more resistant than others to the onset of dementia and other symptoms of Alzheimer's disease :
the higher the degree of bilingualism , the later the age of onset .
Nobody ever doubted the power of language .
But who would have imagined that the words we hear and the sentences we speak might be leaving such a deep imprint ?
Yudhijit Bhattacharjee is a staff writer at Science .
In Afghanistan , if NATO forces kill a member of your family ,
it is better in terms of money if they come from Germany or Italy than the United States or Britain .
In the cold calculation of how much to pay for victims of the decade-old war ,
British forces have doled out as little as $ 210 ,
while German forces have paid as much as $ 25,000 ,
according to a study by the human rights NGO CIVIC .
Civilian casualties caused by NATO forces hunting insurgents are a major source of friction between the Afghan government and its Western backers -
all the more so after a lone U.S. soldier gunned down 16 Afghan villagers at the weekend .
" They have to ask themselves the question how much is one's life worth ?
You can't put a price on it " , Rafi Nabi , 33 and unemployed , said in a market in the Afghan capital .
" If one were to kill an American and offer to compensate their death with money , they wouldn't accept it " .
It was unclear if the United States intends to pay reparations to the families of 16 people suspected to have been killed by the U.S. staff sergeant in a remote area of the southern province of Kandahar , the traditional Taliban stronghold .
Eleven victims were said to come from one family .
According to an investigation by CIVIC , a rights advocacy group
the United States usually pays up to $ 2,500 for civilians killed in lawful operations such as air strikes .
The study , compiled two years ago , has been regularly updated .
Trevor Keck , an investigator with CIVIC , told Reuters in an email .
" The shooter clearly violated the laws of war , human rights law and the U.S. military code of justice .
In these type of situations , we call for accountability and justice as well as compensation for harm done " ,
British forces have paid out between $ 210 and $ 7,000 while German troops provided $ 20,000 in cash and a car worth $ 5,000 after shooting three people at a checkpoint in 2008 , the report said .
In 2009 , Italy disbursed $ 13,500 to the family of a 14-year-old girl who was shot dead , it said .
A series of incidents over the past month ,
including the burning of Korans at a NATO base and the massacre in southern Afghanistan ,
have stirred debate about the withdrawal timetable for foreign troops ,
with some asking for a faster pullout .
HEIGHTENED TENSIONS The blunders have also heightened tensions between Kabul and Washington at a time when the United States is in delicate talks with Afghanistan over its future presence after most combat troops pull out at the end of 2014 .
Based on interviews with NATO and Afghan civilians ,
CIVIC found that compensation payments plus an apology were key to lowering hostility toward foreign troops in Afghanistan ,
now at a peak again over the Koran burnings and the shootings .
There is no standard mechanism for Afghans to report civilian casualties , much less seek compensation ,
reducing both the hope of redress and any sense that justice is being done .
Rules often require even illiterate villagers to decipher which unit came to their home and then go to its main base - sometimes hundreds of km away down unsafe roads .
And to complicate matters , most villagers do not readily distinguish between foreign troops from different countries .
As the war drags on into its 11th year ,
security forces battling the militants killed 410 civilians in 2011 ,
a drop of 4 percent from 2010 ,
the United Nations said ,
with the total number of civilians killed last year exceeding 3,000 .
" The Americans have seen that the Afghan people are poor and desperate .
If a woman loses her husband , she needs money to sustain her living .
What else can they do ?
They have no power " , said film maker Maroof Nazir , 27 .
" Will the government hear their voices or help them ?
No .
When you have no power ,
you're forced to take the money and say thank you to the same people who killed your families ,
what else can you do " ?
Can we have our fish and eat it too ?
An unusual collaboration of marine ecologists and fisheries management scientists says the answer may be yes .
In a research paper in Friday's issue of the journal Science ,
the two groups , long at odds with each other , offer a global assessment of the world's saltwater fish and their environments .
Their conclusions are at once gloomy  overfishing continues to threaten many species  and upbeat :
a combination of steps can turn things around .
But because antagonism between ecologists and fisheries management experts has been intense ,
many familiar with the study say the most important factor is that it was done at all .
They say they hope the study will inspire similar collaborations between scientists whose focus is safely exploiting specific natural resources and those interested mainly in conserving them .
" We need to merge those two communities " ,
said Steve Murawski , chief fisheries scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
" This paper starts to bridge that gap " .
The collaboration began in 2006 when Boris Worm , a marine ecologist at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia ,
and other scientists made an alarming prediction :
if current trends continue , by 2048 overfishing will have destroyed most commercially important populations of saltwater fish .
Ecologists applauded the work .
But among fisheries management scientists ,
reactions ranged from skepticism to fury over what many called an alarmist report .
Among the most prominent critics was Ray Hilborn , a professor of aquatic and fishery sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle .
Hilborn put it , " researchers firing critical papers back and forth " .
Worm found themselves debating the issue on National Public Radio .
" We started talking and found more common ground than we had expected " , Dr . Worm said . Dr .
Worm " actually seemed like a reasonable person " .
The two decided to work together on the issue .
They sought and received financing and began organizing workshops at the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis ,
an organization sponsored by the National Science Foundation and based at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
At first , Dr . Hilborn said in an interview ,
" the fisheries management people would go to lunch and the marine ecologists would go to lunch "  separately .
But soon they were collecting and sharing data and recruiting more colleagues to analyze it .
Dr . Hilborn said he and Dr . Worm now understood why the ecologists and the management scientists disagreed so sharply in the first place .
For one thing , he said , as long as a fish species was sustaining itself ,
management scientists were relatively untroubled if its abundance fell to only 40 or 50 percent of what it might otherwise be .
Yet to ecologists , he said , such a stock would be characterized as " depleted "  " a very pejorative word " .
In the end , the scientists concluded that 63 percent of saltwater fish stocks had been depleted " below what we think of as a target range " , Dr .
Worm said .
But they also agreed that fish in well-managed areas , including the United States , were recovering or doing well .
They wrote that management techniques like closing some areas to fishing , restricting the use of certain fishing gear or allocating shares of the catch to individual fishermen , communities or others could allow depleted fish stocks to rebound .
The researchers suggest that a calculation of how many fish in a given species can be caught in a given region without threatening the stock ,
called maximum sustainable yield , is less useful than a standard that takes into account the health of the wider marine environment .
They also agreed that solutions did not lie only in management techniques but also in the political will to apply them ,
even if they initially caused economic disruption .
Murawski said .
" Getting a strong statement from those communities that there is more to agree on than to disagree on builds confidence " , he said .
Worm said he hoped to be alive in 2048 , when he would turn 79 .
If he is , he said , " I will be hosting a seafood party  at least I hope so " .
Half of UK's young black males are unemployed
Unemployment rate for black 16 to 24-year-olds available for work now double that for white counterparts , ONS data shows
More than half of young black men available for work in Britain are now unemployed , according to unpublished government statistics obtained by the Guardian which show the recession is hitting young black people disproportionately hard .
The new figures , which do not include students , also reveal that the youth unemployment rate for black people has increased at almost twice the rate for white 16 - to 24-year-olds since the start of the recession in 2008 .
Young black men are the worst affected of all , according to a gender breakdown contained within the data supplied by the Office for National Statistics .
Unemployment among young black men has doubled in three years , rising from 28.8 % in 2008 to 55.9 % in the last three months of 2011 .
Although the ONS said the gender breakdown should be treated with caution due to a relatively small sample size , the figures brought calls for further government action from business and community figures in the UK .
Iqbal Wahhab , owner of the Roast restaurant in London and chair of the ethnic minority advisory group at the Department for Work and Pensions , said the figures had exposed an issue that has been " like the elephant in the room . "
Wahhab , who runs his own mentoring scheme for young black youths , urged the government to join businesses in tackling the problem .
" Now that the figures are out in the public domain , what are we going to do about it " ?
He added : " I would love to see ministers doing more .
If it is businesses doing it , that's great , because we are more in tune with how to make programmes run efficiently , but we need to see how the government is going to reverse that tide " .
How to Break Up With Your Bank
After consumers raged , some banks are trying to beat a quick retreat from hidden fees .
Still unhappy ?
Here's how to switch .
Consumer fury may have some banks rethinking their new debit-card fees for now , but rest assured financial institutions are still devising new ways to part you from your money .
And when they succeed , you might consider taking your banking business elsewhere .
Unfortunately , switching banks is an administrative nightmare , particularly for people who bank and pay bills online .
This is by design .
Banks sold the idea of banking online as a convenience for consumers .
But make no mistake , the real point of this exercise was to improve the banks ' profit margins .
The more business they could move out of the branches , the bigger the boost to the bottom line .
It worked .
Consumers who bank online save banks $ 167 per person per year , according to Javelin Strategy &amp; Research .
But banks also understood that , done right , online banking could be a very sticky applicationone that could make consumers incredibly reluctant to switch banks .
Typical consumers have 40 to 50 payees entered for their accounts , says Javelin's Mark Schwanhausser .
However , even a very dedicated online-banking customer uses only eight to 10 a month .
But the perception that you'd have to sit there for hours reentering all that information makes consumers reluctant to switch .
Even worse , you have to contact all those billers who swipe money out of your account automatically .
" The worst thing you have to do as a consumer is call customer service " , says Schwanhausser .
The result : despite widespread disgruntlement with the banking industry , just 7 percent of consumers switched banks between March 2010 and March of this year .
Analysts believe sneaky new fees could cause a spike in that number , but perhaps not as much as they think .
Done right , switching banks need not be all that bad .
And many banks will now give you a " switch kit " , which is essentially a collection of generic forms you can fill out , sign , affix with a blank check , and submit to your employer and others who deposit money directly into your account , as well as billers who take payments out .
Or , for $ 14.95 , BankSwitcher.com offers a little more in the way of handholding .
It doesn't do the work for you , but it will show you the way .
How do you choose a new bank ?
Credit unions and smaller banks are less likely to impose the debit-card fees you're running from .
Cancel recurring payments from your old bank and re-schedule them through your new bank ,
making sure you have enough money in the new account to cover those expenses .
Switch the debit payments over to the card at your new bank .
Then deal with automatic payments .
Finally , leave both accounts open with enough money to cover any lagging payments until you're certain that everything emanating from your old bank is clear .
Homeless people are turned into walking wi-fi hotspots at $ 2 per 15 minutes - but it's causing an outcry on Twitter
A marketing stunt where homeless people were turned into walking internet hotspots with T-shirts proclaiming ' I'm a 4G hotspot ' has caused outcry in Texas .
Branding agency BBH was forced to defend its ' Homeless Hotspots ' initiative after it was described as ' dystopian ' - and lambasted as a ' shameful , hideous , patronising , dehumanising idea ' by British brand strategist Luke Scheybeler .
The Homeless Hotspots initiative was trialled at the SXSW music and technology conference in Austin , Texas - with a suggested price of $ 2 per 15 minutes .
Homeless people were paid with donations to wear T-shirts saying ' I'm a 4G hotspot , ' offering wi-fi access to conference goers
The homeless people stood beside conference goers to provide internet via a MiFi devices which connect to the internet via the 4G phone network and offer web access via a wi-fi network
The idea was spotted by a New York Times reporter , and swiftly caused outcry .
The Homeless Hotspots idea was created by a branding agency - and although profits go to charity , the idea was lambasted as vulgar .
Saneel Radia of BBH , the company which created what it describes as an ' initiative ' responded to criticism via the company websites , '
Obviously , there's an insane amount of chatter about this , which although certainly villianises us , in many ways is very good for the homeless people we're trying to help .
A promotional video shows off one of the wi-fi vendors , Clarence , a homeless man from New Orleans who lost his house in Hurricane Katrina , and has been in financial trouble since .
' Homeless Hotspots is a charitable innovation initiative
- it attempts to modernize the Street Newspaper model employed to support homeless populations ' , says BBH , the branding company which created the idea .
As digital media proliferates , these newspapers face increased pressure .
Our hope is to create a modern version of this successful model , offering homeless individuals an opportunity to sell a digital service instead of a material commodity ' .
At SXSW , attendees could pay the homeless people what they liked for access - and the ' Hotspots ' kept the money for themselves .
It's not clear whether the Homeless Hotspots project will have a wider launch after the technology conference .
Canada closes embassy in Iran , to expel Iranian diplomats
Canada has suspended diplomatic relations with Iran , closing its embassy in Tehran and giving all Iranian diplomats in Canada five days to leave the country ,
Foreign Minister John Baird said on Friday , calling Iran the biggest threat to global security .
Baird , in Russia for an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) meeting , said Canada's actions were not linked to growing speculation that Israel might launch an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities .
" Unequivocally , we have no information about a military strike on Iran " ,
a spokesman quoted Baird as telling reporters .
Canada's Conservative government has long had very poor relations with Iran , arch-enemy of close Canadian ally Israel .
Baird cited Iran's nuclear program , its hostility toward Israel and Iranian military assistance to the government of President Bashar al-Assad of Syria , which is locked in civil war with rebels .
He also said Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism .
" Canada views the government of Iran as the most significant threat to global peace and security in the world today " , Baird said in a statement .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praised Canada's action , calling it a bold leadership move that sends a clear message to Iran and the entire world .
" The determination shown by Canada is of great importance in order for the Iranians to understand that they cannot go on with their race toward nuclear arms .
This practical step must set an example of international morality and responsibility to the international community " , Netanyahu said in a statement .
Israel , believed to be the only nuclear-armed state in the Middle East , sees the possibility of Iran developing an atomic bomb as a threat to its existence and has said it may use military means if diplomacy and sanctions fail .
Baird accused Iran of showing blatant disregard for the safety of foreign diplomats .
Britain's embassy in Tehran has been closed since it was stormed by protesters last November .
" Under the circumstances , Canada can no longer maintain a diplomatic presence in Iran " , he said .
Canada's 10 diplomats in Iran have already left Tehran , according to the Canadian foreign ministry .
There are currently 17 Iranian diplomats in Canada , the Canadian foreign ministry added .
" Iranian diplomats in Ottawa have been instructed to leave within five days " , Baird said in his statement .
The Paris-based National Council of Resistance of Iran , an Iranian dissident group , urged European and Middle Eastern nations to follow Canada's initiative .
" Severing relations with the religious dictatorship ruling Iran and standing by the Iranian people
are the only way to rid the world of a terrorist and fundamentalist regime " ,
The United States has not had a functioning embassy in Tehran since the 1979-81 hostage crisis , when 52 Americans were held for 444 days .
During the hostage crisis , the Canadian embassy in Tehran sheltered six U.S. diplomats who had avoided capture ,
and then helped them leave Iran with Canadian passports in January 1980 .
The Canadian embassy then closed , reopening only in 1988 .
Bilateral ties worsened in 2003 when an Iranian-Canadian photo journalist died in Tehran's Evin prison while in custody .
Victor H . Matthews ( PhD , Brandeis University ) is dean of the College of Humanities and Public Affairs and professor of religious studies at Missouri State University in Springfield , Missouri , where he has taught for over twenty-five years .
He is the author of numerous books , including The Old Testament :
Text and Context , Studying the Ancient Israelites , and the bestselling Manners and Customs in the Bible .
James C . Moyer ( PhD , Brandeis University ) is professor of religious studies at Missouri State University in Springfield , Missouri , and the author of numerous articles .
" The great strength of this book is , as suggested by the title , the blending of matters related to the text and the context of the Old Testament/Hebrew Bible . . . .
This textbook does a fine job of preparing the student to read the OT/HB intelligently -- " .
Phillip Camp , Review of Biblical Literature This new edition of a classroom standard provides students with an accessible introduction to the literature , history , and social context of the Old Testament .
Written by two seasoned Old Testament professors , the book pays attention to methodology , archaeology , history , and literary genre and includes illustrations , sidebars , maps , and study questions .
Contents Preface to Third Edition
1 . Introduction
2 . The Premonarchic Period
3 . The Early Monarchic Period
4 . The Late Monarchic Period
5 . The Exile and the Persian Period
6 . The Hellenistic Period
7 . Concluding Remarks Indexes Glossary of Terms and Concepts Endorsements Praise for the second edition : " With its focus on student learning , Matthews's and Moyer's revised and updated text is even more brilliant than their first edition .
Artistic in its design and solid in its content and presentation , this work provides students with the necessary background to understand the Bible and its diverse cultures and rich heritage .
With its engaging style and sharp attention to biblical methodology , archaeology , history , and literary genre , as well as its clear explanations of important biblical terms and thoughtful study questions , this text is a gem for both students and teachers alike .
I have used the first edition of this book for several years , and my students have enjoyed it tremendously .
I look forward enthusiastically to sharing this second edition with them .
I am grateful to Victor Matthews and James Moyer for providing teachers of the Bible with a text that answers the needs of today's students " .
Carol J . Dempsey , associate professor of theology ( biblical studies , ) University of Portland , Oregon Reviews Praise for the second edition :
" Here's a useful book for those just beginning to approach the Old Testament for the first time at any depth .
It is clearly based on classroom teaching and is attractively laid out with ' boxes ' and ' insets ' for special details , diagrams , and some pictures .
Study questions at the end of each section would help a student on his/her own to grasp what has just been studied
A helpful book that brings the text to us , and its context and questions of interpretation " .
Matthews is well-known for his work in biblical backgrounds
Such expertise in backgrounds moves this book beyond a simple introduction of the content and themes of each OT/HB [ Old Testament/Hebrew Bible ] book to illuminating the worlds both within and behind the OT/HB books
The authors have given significant revision to certain portions of the text , restructured the chapters , and reworked the study questions to facilitate class discussion and critical thinking
The book is well organized and well written .
It is easily accessible to the college-level student and written with such students in mind .
The authors make generous use of maps , charts , photographs , and sidebars to illuminate the information in the main discussions , and each section and chapter ends with study questions
The great strength of this book is , as suggested by the title , the blending of matters related to the text and the context of the OT/HB .
It not only summarizes what is in the OT/HB but also provides insight into the world of the biblical characters and biblical writers by integrating relevant archaeological data , social-historical issues , and insights from critical scholarship
This textbook does a fine job of preparing the student to read the OT/HB intelligently
A very good introduction to and survey of the OT/HB " .
Phillip Camp , Review of Biblical Literature " In the second edition the authors have done a significant revision
However , the basic structure remains the same
Important concepts are printed in bold and explained fully in a glossary at the end of the book .
This is a fine undergraduate textbook that examines not only the literary and historical aspects of the biblical texts but also the social context of the people " .
The Bible Today " This book is more a total reworking than a simple revision of the original text
The authors believe they have achieved greater clarity , expansion , and greater attention to certain sections , especially on the prophets .
My reading confirms that the authors have met if not surpassed their goals .
Restructured chapters provide better uniformity in length , an aid to teaching .
Reworking study questions permit better class discussion and critical thinking exercises .
New sidebars help in translation and explanation of ancient texts .
There are updated archaeological insights and an expanded glossary .
This book would be a helpful resource for all congregational and seminary libraries and an excellent text for students and teachers " .
Church and Synagogue Libraries " Originally published in 1997 and now presented as a thoroughly revised second edition , the book by V . Matthews and James C . Moyer is a textbook for undergraduates on the OT .
[ It ] combines the history of Israel ( ably surveyed ) with the introduction to the individual books that are dealt with in the canonical sequence . . . . The book includes helpful study questions -- " . International Review of Biblical Studies
So women wear too much makeup to work ?
Do men shave enough ?
Surveys discussing women's cosmetic habits have no place in 2011 .
It's a kind of public policing of the female image
Do female employees wear too much makeup around the office ?
Is bright-red lipstick putting their co-workers off ?
Or is it all part and parcel of the happy , Day-Glo , nonconformity that goes to create the modern office ?
Those are the questions injected into public debate this week via a survey from no less exalted a body than , ahem , office space specialists OfficeBroker.com .
To be honest , I'm not sure I know , or even care that much about the answers .
We are but a few months on from SlutWalk , and a week or so since Saudi Arabia's committee for the promotion of virtue and the prevention of vice ( CPVPV ) mooted forcing " women with sexy eyes " to cover up  or risk a public beating .
Both issues , in their different ways , highlight the extent to which a woman's body is not allowed to be private :
how a woman in public is seen as community property ;
and how the way she looks is still considered perfectly proper subject for discourse and criticism .
I mean :
what ?
Are we really still debating these issues in 2011 ?
Of course , we all know that the questions themselves are storm-in-a-teacup stuff , that OfficeBroker don't really care all that much about the answers , and that the survey ( answered by 350 men and 150 women ) almost certainly has its origins in their PR agency .
It is designed to get us talking , which of course it has : simply writing this piece has me ever-so-slightly ill at ease .
I'm aware that I'm adding to the promotional effect :
but maybe , by digging a little deeper , ducking behind the judgmental stuff this survey seems bound to stir up , some good can come .
What I'd like to do is take the approach proposed by philosopher and professional thinker Edward de Bono , and simply " unask " the question .
I am well aware , as De Bono was , that our world view is shaped not just by the answers we get , but even more so by the questions asked .
Questions can so skew public discourse on an issue , that it is better to unask them  and put another in their place .
I asked OfficeBroker whether they would be as happy asking bosses whether they thought men wore sufficient deodorant around the workplace :
or whether fellow workers believed that men quite got the difference between a Clooney-esque stubble ( hot ) and the unshaven slob look ( not . )
They said that they might :
so at least they are equal-opportunities sexists .
For me , the real question has nothing to do with the cosmetic habits of women , which are largely their own business , and everything to do with the acceptability of using women's bodies and the public policing of the female image , yet again , as an excuse for publicity .
I think we've all waited long enough .
Let's begin the walkthrough of creating a new stream of passive income from start to finish .
If you haven't already been following the passive income series that I started in April , I encourage you to begin with the first post and get caught up when you can .
The process of creating new income streams is different for everyone , so you won't necessarily want to model my approach exactly because your knowledge , skills , and resources may not align with mine .
Even so , I'm sure you'll learn something from this walkthrough .
So let's dive right in and get started .
Pick an Idea Your first step is to pick an idea .
Hopefully this is fairly obvious .
One of the simplest ways is to grab a pen and paper , and brainstorm a list of ideas .
Keep writing down ideas until you run out of ideas .
Then look over your list , and pick one that seems decent .
If you need help generating ideas , read Generating Ideas for some advice on how to do it .
Many people get caught up trying to pick an idea .
If you get stuck here , you can't progress .
So whatever you do , don't let yourself get stuck here .
Make a decision no matter what .
One of my favorite ways to choose among different options is simply to ask , Which option is the most me ?
That usually narrows it down quite a bit .
Worst case if you can't decide , flip a coin or roll a die and let chance decide .
You're better off getting into action quickly than suffering useless delay and self doubt .
You'll progress much faster by getting a few projects under your belt than you will be trying to dream up the perfect idea in advance .
Some creative people will advise you to fail faster , which is good advice .
It's also not the same as saying you don't have any good ideas .
And of course it's not the same as saying " I don't know how " when you think about your favorite idea .
The truth is that good income-generating ideas are a dime a dozen .
Coming up with ideas is the easy part .
If you've been stuck in the corporate world for too long , then perhaps your creative impulses have been squashed to make you a better slave ,
so if that's the case , then go ask a nearby child what you can do to make the world better for people , and listen to what she / he has to say .
Now if you're really and truly stuck and can't come up with a decent idea , then I'd be delighted to pick one for you and assign it to you , but you may not like it unless you're Canadian and very submissive .
My initial idea was to create some kind of digital product and sell it .
That seems simple and straightforward , and it's an approach other people can model if they so desire .
I can sell something through my own website , and other people can sell digital products through Amazon , iTunes , and other online stores , depending on the format .
Refine the Idea Depending on the nature of your idea , you may have some details to decide next .
For my product idea , I need to determine a topic and a format .
Once again , you can brainstorm possibilities .
Then pick something , and keep moving forward .
Don't get caught up in vacillating .
Just decide .
Your decision won't be perfect , and it doesn't have to be .
Just pick an idea that seems pretty good , and run with it .
You'll get better at picking ideas once you've completed a few projects and saw how they turned out .
For the format I decided to create an ebook and an audio program , so I'll actually have two different products in different formats , but the underlying content will be the same .
I might sell them separately or as a bundle or both , but I can decide that later .
For the topic I settled on Subjective Reality .
Why SR ?
For starters people have been clamoring for a more in-depth product on that for years .
We had the Subjective Reality Workshop in 2011 , but not everyone can make it to a 3-day workshop .
I also think this would be a fun and interesting product to create .
Based on what I've seen , there isn't a lot of quality material available on SR .
Most of it is either very shallow or very woo woo , and it fails to explain why we seem to have the various limitations and constraints that we do .
I doubt that SR is the topic that would make me the most money .
It's a niche topic , and many people don't care to learn about it .
But for those who do care , they tend to care a lot .
So this is the kind of product that should have strong appeal to a certain core audience , and beyond that most people will just think it's weird .
For whatever reason , this sort of product really appeals to me .
I'd rather make some people really happy than lots of people only moderately happy .
So I'm choosing this topic because I think I'd enjoy it , I think enough people would appreciate it , and it's an area where I feel I can contribute something unique and worthwhile .
SR is also a timeless topic , so this product could easily sell for many years to come .
Fall in Love With Your Idea The next step is to fall in love with your idea .
A mistake people often make is that they look to their ideas to give them confidence , as if an idea itself can provide that .
In reality almost all ideas are going to feel fuzzy and uncertain at first .
It's your job to inject them with confidence .
Your relationship to your idea will largely determine how far you get with it , and this relationship is under your control to a great extent .
Where does your relationship with another person exist ?
In your mind .
Where does your relationship with an idea exist ?
In your mind .
If you start thinking ill about your relationship partner and succumb to doubt about your future together , what does that do to your relationship ?
It kills it .
On the contrary , if you hold lovey dovey thoughts towards your relationship partner , does that not improve the relationship ?
Of course .
With an idea it's even easier .
Treat your idea as if it's the most amazing thing ever .
Respect it . Honor it .
Fall head over heels in love with it .
Don't look to your idea to provide you with inspiration and motivation .
Don't try to suck your idea dry like you're sucking an orange .
You must let the inspiration flow the other way .
You must feed and water and nurture your idea , helping to give it form and substance .
You're the creative conduit here , not the idea .
If you don't fall in love with it , why would you expect anyone else to ?
An unloved idea will lead to a crappy result that no one will want .
Have fun with this .
Be playful about it .
By way of example , I'm making myself fall in love with my subjective reality product .
It's going to be the coolest , deepest , and most mind-blowing product on the topic that anyone has ever seen .
Who cares if that's actually true ?
It's fun and motivating to inject your idea with positive expectations .
Self-doubt is only going to slow things down , so don't even go there .
Once you've selected your idea , the evaluation period is over .
Like a newborn child , you've named it and claimed it and taken it home with you .
It's too late to decide whether or not it's a good idea .
It's yours now , and you'd better learn to love it .
Devise an Income Stream for Your Idea Some ideas are easy to adapt to income streams .
Others require a bit more finesse .
In the case of an ebook and audio program , my intention is to package these as digitally downloadable products and sell them directly via my website .
Later I may sell them through other sites like Amazon , but for the purposes of this demonstration , I want to keep it simple .
What if you don't have a high-traffic website like I do ?
Then you're not likely to generate many sales if all you do is post it on your website .
When I released computer games before I had much web traffic , I spent a lot of time marketing them .
Basically this involved uploading the free demos to hundreds of download sites , buying some online ads , sending out press releases , and more .
For one game I spent about 6 months marketing it after it was released .
This made a big difference , increasing the sales by 10 times .
If you've fallen in love with your idea , you'll have a lot of motivation to do this part .
But if you don't love it , I'd bet money that you'll drop the ball here .
I see a lot of would-be online entrepreneurs create and release products they clearly don't love .
They'll usually spread the word for a few weeks , and then they give up and let the income stream die .
People can tell it's a me-too product , so they don't buy .
With an unloved product , this is enough discouragement to call it quits .
With a product you really love , however , you'll be able to push through and keep putting the word out .
It's not enough to just create a cool product and hope people will buy it .
You have to let people know about it .
Once you build enough momentum , your sales may become self-sustaining , but don't assume this will happen automatically just because you created something and put it on the Internet .
In my case I own some marketing vehicles that I can use , like my website and newsletter .
I can also use my Twitter and Google + accounts to get the word out .
Blogging about the development of this product along the way can also be seen as a way of marketing it .
Many people who are following the passive income series won't care about an SR product , but some will .
So there will probably be some decent interest in the product when it launches .
I can share more ideas about marketing later in the series .
For now , let me just say that you can expect to spend as least as much time marketing your new product or service as you do creating it .
If you don't love your creation , that's a headache .
If you love it , then getting the word out won't be so bad .
The good news is that you don't need to design your own income-generating process from scratch .
I'm certainly not doing that here .
You can borrow someone else's fully developed system , such as the ones I shared in Passive Income Systems .
Outline the Idea Your next step is to outline the idea .
What do you think you'll include ?
For my SR product , I came up with a rough chapter outline :
Part I  Understanding Subjective Reality Introduction What Is SR ?
OR / Equivalency Principle Understanding Beliefs / Observing or Causing Reality Changing Beliefs Living Subjectively
Part II  Applying Subjective Reality The Law of Attraction Creating Your Reality Subjective Reality and Money Subjective Relationships
Part III  Integrating Subjective Reality Merging Subjectivity and Objectivity Reality as Story Final Wisdom /
Closing Now this is only a rough draft , not necessarily the final outline of the completed product , but it gets me started and helps me see what I want to include .
Valentine 's Day with a Chinese twist
Other than red roses and a candlelit dinner for two on Valentine 's Day , nothing in Beijing says ' I love you ' ( vaguely , in Chinese ) like an investment offering an annual return of 5.2 percent .
By Peter Ford , Staff writer /
February 14 , 2012
A couple takes a photograph with a mobile phone in front of a red heart decoration on Valentine 's Day in Wuhan , Hubei province , Tuesday , Feb. 14 .
Reuters
You do n't need a lover to get something out of Valentine 's Day in China .
Even the lonesome can drop into the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank today and sign up for an investment product offering an annual return of 5.20 percent , which in Chinese sounds ( sort of ) like " I love you percent " .
But in a country that has latched on fast to the commercial opportunities presented by Western festivities such as Christmas or Valentine 's Day , the bank 's initiative is only one of the more innovative ways in which young romantics are relieved of their cash on Feb. 14 .
RELATED : Valentine 's Day :
Three New Love
Red roses are as popular here as they are in the US , and their price on the streets of Beijing this morning reflects that :
a single bloom could cost you 20 RMB ( upwards of $ 3.00 , ) almost 10 times the regular price .
Candlelit dinners for two , meanwhile , are all the rage at the capital 's fancy international hotels ;
supermarkets have set aside shelving piled high with chocolates , cakes , flowers and wine ;
cinemas all over the city this week are screening a new romantic comedy , " I Do " released to coincide with Valentine 's Day ,
and online stores such as Taobao are promoting special offers on electric shavers , necklaces , watches and perfume .
When you type " Valentine 's Day " into Baidu , the biggest Chinese search engine , 90 percent of the results are advertisements .
Some traditionalists are worried that the Valentine 's Day celebration of innocent love has been lost in translation into Chinese .
" Hotels are booked up around Valentine's Day and florists , sex shops , and jewelry stores are booming , but few people spend Valentine 's Day with their spouse " , frets Xia Haixin on the website of the NGO he founded to protect family values .
Xia has paid to install billboards on a highway in Hebei Province , not far from Beijing , urging drivers , " Do n't have an affair on Valentine 's Day . Bring your love home " .
The craze for Valentine 's Day has largely eclipsed the Chinese calendar 's own Lovers ' Day , the seventh day of the seventh month of the year , which recalls an ancient legend .
Zhinu , the fairy daughter of a goddess , and Niulang , a village cow-herd , fell in love .
Zhinu 's angry mother ordered her back into the heavens , and Niulang followed , whereupon the goddess drew her hairpin across the sky to create the Milky Way ( known in Chinese as the Silver River , ) forever separating the two lovers .
Today they can be seen as two bright stars on either side of the Milky Way ;
but on the seventh day of the seventh month all the magpies in the world fly up to create a bridge across the galaxy , allowing the two lovers to spend a night together .
A charming tale , but not one that gets told very often any more .
Where 's the money in it ?
By MIKE OBEL
Shares of big industrial companies led stocks down , worries about a possible delay in a second Greek bailout package intensified and a middling report on manufacturing in the U.S. Northeast combined Wednesday to curb the markets ' enthusiasm for risk .
Adding to the downbeat mood was a report on Iranian TV , later denied by a government agency , that the Islamic republic 's nuclear program had made another break-through .
Apple Inc . , the world 's biggest company by market capitalization , closed down 2.3 percent .
Stocks .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 104.14 , or 0.81 percent , to 12,774.14 and the broader S&amp;P 500 slipped 7.44 , or 0.55 percent , to 1,343.06.
Caterpillar , Deere and United Technologies all posted declines of more than one percent .
European and Asian equity indexes were mostly up on China 's stated intent to assist the struggling Eurozone .
Bonds .
The price on the 10-year Treasury rose but slipped modestly after the release of Federal Open Market Committee minutes revealed unanimity among top officials for more ultra-low interest rates but uncertainty about more bond buying .
Currencies .
The yen gained on the dollar , but the greenback rose at the expense of the euro , which slipped below $ 1.32 .
Brazil 's real and Chile 's peso fell .
Commodities .
Commodities were mixed .
The benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 1.15 percent to $ 101.90 .
Gold broke a three-day losing streak , and copper fell for the fourth straight trading day .
Most agricultural commodities declined .
Song Dong 's Waste Not at the Barbican  in pictures
Waste Not , an installation that gathers over 10,000 everyday objects collected by Song Dong 's mother over a period of five decades , reflects on the Chinese artist 's childhood during the Cultural Revolution
Song Dong 's Waste Not installation in the Curve at the Barbican Art Gallery , London
The installation includes chairs , tools and plant pots
and several portable televisions
The installation is a meditation on the artist 's childhood during the Cultural Revolution
The art of saving and re-using things is in line with the Chinese principle of wu jin qi yong  ' waste not '
It is a prerequisite for survival during periods of social and political turmoil
Song Dong 's mother Zhao Xiangyuan collected the objects over a period of five decades
She died in an accident in 2009
Each time Song Dong remakes the exhibition , with the help of his sister Song Hui and his wife Yin Xiuzhen , the entire family is brought together again
Memories are rekindled and personal family objects are rediscovered , bringing powerful emotions to the fore
The same weather system that brought harsh winter conditions to many parts of Europe in February 2012 also affected northern Africa .
Results in Africa were mixed , Reuters reported , with farmers in Algeria and Tunisia grateful for the drought-easing precipitation , and farmers in Morocco worried about frost .
The Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA 's Terra satellite captured these images on February 13 , 2012 ( top , ) and January 14 , 2012 ( bottom . )
Although some peaks of the Atlas Mountains had caps of snow in January , much snowier conditions prevail a month later .
Snow in Morocco is not unusual .
Two ski resorts in the Atlas Mountains  one near Marrakech and the other near Ifrane  experience fairly regular snowfall each January and February .
In fact , compared to conditions in February 2011 , the snow cover this year does not appear that unusual .
The cold temperatures of February 2012 , however , are threatening Morocco 's sugar beet and sugar cane crops .
Other parts of Africa and southern Europe faced unusually harsh winter conditions in February 2012 .
Algiers received the " heaviest snowfall in living memory " , Reuters reported .
Meanwhile , snow blanketed Italy where below-freezing temperatures iced roads , closed schools , and prompted nervous shoppers to empty supermarket shelves .
Snow cover in the Atlas Mountains serves more than Morocco 's ski industry .
The snow provides a crucial reservoir of water for the country 's agriculture-based economy .
Monitoring snowfall in this region is the subject of ongoing interest , in part because precipitation is uneven , and evaporation rates are high .
Sorry , Google : Apple is America 's Valentine This Year
by Samantha Murphy
Love is in the air  and in the hearts of the American public , it runs deep for Apple products , according to a new study .
Harris Interactive 's annual Reputation Quotient study found that Apple is the most loved and respected brand around , beating out last year 's winner  Google .
The company surveyed 17,555 people about the 60 most visible companies and measured the following areas in terms of consumer influence :
social responsibility , emotional appeal , products and services , workplace environment , financial performance and vision and leadership .
Raking in a score of 85.62 of 100  the highest for any company in the history of Harris Interactive 's study  Apple triumphed over Google this year , which fell slightly from 84.05 to 82.82 .
Rounding out the top ten includes Coca-Cola ( no. 3 , ) Amazon ( no. 4 , ) Kraft Foods ( no. 5 , ) The Walt Disney Company ( no. 6 , ) Johnson &amp; Johnson ( no. 7 , ) Whole Foods Market ( no. 8 , ) Microsoft ( no. 9 ) and UPS ( no. 10 . )
Amazon  which climbed in rank from eighth to fourth place this year  scored highest for " emotional appeal " .
Meanwhile , Whole Foods was recognized as the leader in the " social responsibility " category .
Apple , however , cleaned up in the other four categories .
Two automotive companies  General Motors and Toyota  experienced the biggest jump in reputation scores this year .
Harris Interactive noted that General Motors ' reputation has been steadily moving upward for four consecutive years , and after a series of quality and safety issues resulted in a ten-point drop last year , Toyota rebounded five points .
" We are seeing the emergence of a group of companies that garner reputation equity by being positively associated with multiple industries " , said Robert Fronk , executive vice president and Global Corporate Reputation Practice Lead for Harris Interactive .
" Companies like Apple , Google , and Amazon.com combine innovation and leadership across multiple business areas , giving them true competitive advantage " .
Why Geology Matters : Decoding the Past , Anticipating the Future
Doug Macdougall
University of California Press , 2011 304 pp
Science in Focus :
Jeffrey Greenberg Geology as a scientific field does metaphorically have an axe to grind and lost ground to possess .
It is commonly misunderstood , out of ignorance or disciplinary pride , by the more dominant fields .
Consider Rutherford 's famous statement that " all science is either physics or it 's stamp collecting . "
A more modern version was expressed by the nerdy genius star of TV 's Big Bang Theory when he acknowledged a certain fellow faculty member at his university as Professor of Geology , whose discipline " I don't respect " .
Perhaps even more telling is an actual workbook assigned in another science course with a question asking students which of several disciplines is NOT a science .
The correct answer , included among Economics and Psychology , is supposed to be Geology .
What Geology needs is not revenge but a good apologetic for its central place as essential , applied science .
MacDougall 's book does a pretty nice job describing geoscience in a positive framework .
Geologists over the last several decades have felt a sense of rejection from our fellow disciplines .
A perceived disdain for qualitative observation ( a stereotype of Geology ) has provoked a trend to put forward a more quantitative faade and to emphasize that " we " are really just chemists , physicists , and biologists who take the entire Earth ( as well as the Moon and other planets ) as our subject .
My own master 's degree was in Geology-Geophysics and my doctorate in Geochemistry .
The sense of inferiority is sad but understandable .
A fine article in the GSA Bulletin by Frodeman ( 1995 , ) " Geological Reasoning : Geology as an interpretive and historical science " , explains geological knowledge and investigations with a philosopher 's analysis .
He and Duke University geologist Orin Pilkey specifically emphasize that over-quantification in Geology can be a dangerous and misapplied exercise .
The ability to make keen observations and synthesize diverse data into working hypotheses with or without mathematical precision is a vital talent for geological investigation .
Consider a Rwandan bishop hoping to provide adequate ( inexpensive ) building materials for poor people who would otherwise be unable to afford housing .
Undergraduate geology majors with a good class in rocks-and-minerals should be capable of producing a map of locally available resources , and be able to test the materials for their utility .
No differential equations , calculus , quantum experimentation , or even spectrometric analyses are necessary .
( Of course , this does not diminish the great value of these elements in other geological research ) .
Kane Barker from Chemistry and Heather Whitney from Physics provide enlightened commentary on MacDougall 's apologia .
Either they already recognized the key role of geoscience or the book nicely achieved the author 's purpose in affirming why Geology matters .
I suspect a bit of both .
In my experience , it is generally rare that academic scientists outside Geology really know very much about it in the modern context .
At Wheaton College , as in the vast majority of colleges and universities , geology majors must have at least a year each of chemistry , physics , and math at the calculus level . Often biological classes are also required .
The reciprocal with required geology classes for the other disciplines is unheard of .
That situation may never change .
A related problem , possibly capable of reform , is the inordinate fixation on health sciences , that is human-health sciences .
The entire undergraduate science curriculum , along with allocated resources at Christian and other institutions , is often organized around preparation for the health professions .
Reading MacDougall 's final chapter in particular should help others realize that geological study is also clearly a matter of life and death .
Geology 's interdisciplinary purview is well recognized among the three brief reviews preceding me in this series .
Of course , it is the geologist , Davis Young , who states that everyone ( academic or not ) needs " far more exposure to the Earth sciences " .
In my darker moments , I tend to think that undergrad science majors , without access to the Big Picture issues of our times , may be better equipped as technicians than as project leaders , managers , and circumspect supervisors guiding the solution of complex problems at the interface between our lives and our habitat .
Professor Barker shares that apprehension .
Graduate school opportunities are likely to narrow perspectives even further .
Christians in particular should be challenged to undertake applied scientific enterprise as a vocation of the Kingdom .
As MacDougall and the three reviewers clearly indicate , a litany of global issues demand geological understanding to guide policy and , hopefully , positive action .
A final comment :
I appreciate MacDougall 's style and the 2011 publication as current , but other literature might be more effective in fulfilling the promise of the book 's title .
John McPhee is a master at making geological knowledge accessible .
I highly recommend his best-selling series of geo-travelogues .
Jeffrey Greenberg is professor of geology at Wheaton College .
A few sour , but mostly sweet , expressions of love from a bygone era
There are a million better ways to celebrate Valentine's Day than with a card  perhaps by revisiting the very first kiss in cinema , smiling over artist Eero Saarinen 's endearing list of his wife 's positive attributes , exploring a love story in geometric diagrams , getting goosebumps from Virginia Woolf 's love letter to Vita Sackville-West , or even taking a sobering look at the psychology of love .
But if cards must be your thing , they can at least come with the vintage charisma of the early 1900s , thanks to The New York Public Library 's digital gallery .
The era 's Valentine 's greetings come with a rather limited visual vocabulary  little girls , little boys , cupids , flowers , hearts .
There is also the occasional playful delight :
And what 's love without some indignant bitterness ?
Then there 's gangsta Valentine :
And , of course , some classic anti-Suffragette mild misogyny :
But my heart belongs to this " wireless telegram " circa 1903 :
Regular eye checkups from an ophthalmologist or optometrist are important .
They should be done once a year if you are over age 65 .
Your doctor will recommend earlier and more frequent exams if you have diabetes or if you are already showing early signs of eye problems from diabetes , high blood pressure , or other causes .
These important steps can help prevent eye and vision problems .
Wear Protective Sunglasses
You want to protect your eyes from the sun much like you would protect your skin from the sun with SPF and UV protection .
The sun 's damaging rays can lead to cataracts and macular degeneration over time if they are n't protected with sunglasses .
This is because UV bands of light from the sun penetrate the retina leading to eye damage .
When selecting protective sunglasses avoid ones that are marked as cosmetic and select ones that are designated as having 99% or 100% UV protection .
Do n't Smoke
You may be familiar with the damage smoking does to internal organs .
However , there is also a direct link between smoking and and eye problems .
If you are a smoker you are increasing your risk of developing a number of eye diseases including : cataracts , age-related macular degeneration , dry eye syndrome , optic nerve damage , and even diabetic retinotherapy .
Limit Alcohol Consumption
If you are engaging in the occasional glass of wine or cocktail you are most likely not harming your eyes ,
but excessive drinking for extended periods of time could lead to eye damage .
Chronic alcohol abuse can lead to degeneration of the optic nerve , which can result in vision reduction , blind spots , and reduced color visibility .
Short-term alcohol consumption can trigger migraines , which cause some people to experience flashing lights .
Keep Blood Pressure and Cholesterol Under Control
Untreated high blood pressure ( hypertension ) can affect eyesight and even lead to hypertensive retinotherapy .
Hypertensive retinotherapy is directly caused by having high blood pressure , making it highly preventable .
It is also important to maintain healthy cholesterol levels as high cholesterol can lead to circumferential arcus and retinal vein occlusion ( vascular eye disease . )
If Diabetic - Keep Blood Sugars Under Control
Prolonged inadequate blood glucose monitoring can cause diabetic retinotherapy .
Diabetic retinotherapy is a result of damage to the innermost layer of the eye , the retina .
Other eye complications related to diabetes include : blindness , corneal erosion , cataracts , double vision , and bleeding .
Eat Foods Rich in Antioxidants
Eating foods rich in antioxidants , such as leafy greens like spinach , kale , and collards are exceptionally good for not only eye health but overall wellness .
Antioxidants are vitamins that protect and repair cells from damage such as infection thus keeping your immune system strong .
Fruits and Vegetables that are very colorful tend to pack the most antioxidants including : berries , prunes , plums , alfalfa sprouts , eggplant , beans , and red grapes .
If you 're frustrated by the body shape life handed you and think there 's nothing you can do about it , you 're wrong .
Breakthrough science based on targeting specific types of body fat can help you lose inches in the most stubborn areas , namely your butt or your gut .
Here are the revolutionary diet and exercise tips designed to help you reshape your body for life .
While you 're working on losing those pounds , learn the style secrets that will help you fake it until you make it .
Body Type : Pear ( Full Hips , Thighs and Rear )
If you fall into this category , the first secret to slimming down is to understand what type of body fat you 're fighting .
Those with large bottoms are carrying around extra subcutaneous fat .
This fat that appears just below your skin is actually healthier than belly fat ; unfortunately , it is also harder to get rid of .
Subcutaneous fat is associated with healthy cholesterol levels and fewer heart attacks ,
but it also has less blood flow and holds onto calories , which makes it tough to burn off .
Diet Plan : Eat a Low-fat Diet
Research shows that a low-fat diet actually helps break down stubborn fat cells in your bottom region .
Step 1 : Cut Back on Saturated Fats To get on track with a low-fat diet , begin by cutting down on saturated fats , including animal sources such as high-fat dairy and red meats .
Eliminate hidden saturated fats such as hydrogenated oils found in processed foods .
Step 2 : Include Low-fat Dairy in Every Meal You do n't have to cut out dairy entirely .
Studies demonstrate that calcium helps to regulate the way fat cells store , build up and break down fat .
Subsequently , low-fat dairy sources such as milk , yogurt and cottage cheese help promote weight loss .
Choose low-fat ( 2% ) not no-fat dairy .
Sample Menu :
Butt-blasting Breakfast : Low-fat Greek yogurt with fresh fruit and granola
Lunch : Low-fat cottage cheese with tomatoes , cucumbers and grilled chicken
Snack : Low-fat milk with dark chocolate cocoa
Dinner : Lean turkey burger with low-fat cheddar cheese
Workout for a Pear Body Type : Curtsy Squats &amp; Rows To work this area , do resistance training and get a cardio workout at the same time by using something called " complexes . "
Complexes are a type of circuit training consisting of body sculpting moves , done back to back in a circuit format .
Pears should combine curtsy squats and rows .
You can do this routine with a resistance band or by holding milk cartons or cans .
Then , lean forward with your hips and go right into a rowing motion with your arms .
Do as many as you can with good form in 30 seconds .
Repeat this exercise 2 - 3 times .
You 'll increase lean body tissue , boost your metabolism , and reduce the appearance of cellulite .
Body Type : Apple
If you 're struggling to get rid of a thick middle , you 're battling visceral fat , the fat located in your abdominal region that surrounds vital organs .
While this fat is easier to get rid of than subcutaneous fat , it is also worse for you .
Excess visceral fat has been linked to type 2 diabetes , heart disease and cancer .
People with large middles tend to have higher levels of cortisol , the body 's key stress hormone .
Too much cortisol slows your metabolism and also breaks down muscle , making you hard-wired to store fat .
Diet Plan : Avoid Refined Carbohydrates and Eat Anti-Inflammatory Foods
First , avoid refined carbs like white bread , pasta and rice that are low in fat and spike blood sugar , which can increase stress and make you hungrier .
Replace simple carbs with anti-inflammatory foods such as barley , buckwheat and amaranth .
These whole grains stabilize blood sugar and help control cortisol surges .
Go for other healthy anti-inflammatory fats , too , like olive oil , avocado , sea bass and salmon .
( Try Dr.Oz 's anti-inflammatory toast : Toasted Ezekiel bread  sprouted 100% whole grain  topped with avocado , olive oil , lemon and chili flakes . )
Workout for an Apple Body Type : Metabolic Disturbance Training
To slim your middle , you 'll want to practice interval training that involves sudden bursts of high-intensity movement alternated with lower intensity movement .
Using an exercise stepper , begin by stepping up and down at a moderate pace for two to five minutes .
Then crank up the pace for 30 seconds to one minute , until you can feel your heart rate has increased and you 're slightly out of breath .
Then go back to the more moderate pace .
Repeat throughout the workout .
This method boosts both your aerobic and anaerobic systems to speed metabolism and burn belly fat .
How to Look 10 Pounds Thinner The secret to faking it before you make it is to change the way you dress .
The single biggest mistake women make , whether they have big bottoms or big middles , is layering clothes or wearing baggy clothes in an attempt to hide their problem areas .
However , this has the opposite effect , highlighting exactly what you 're trying to disguise .
It can even make you appear 5 - 10 pounds heavier .
Rather than hide something , work to accentuate your assets .
Disguise Your Bottom : Go for rich , dark tones on the bottom .
To draw the eye upward , pair with light-colored , patterned or embellished tops .
The length of your top should hit the middle of your hip area .
Wear wide leg trousers and A-line skirts .
Avoid cuts that hug your hips and taper down  this will accentuate your bottom area .
Disguise Your Middle : Wear V-shaped necklines to elongate your neck and draw attention toward your face .
Avoid billowy tops and small , busy horizontal prints ;
they 'll make you appear wider .
On top , go for solid , deeper tones such as rich purple , dark berry , cinnamon and deep orange ;
style it up with a structured blazer .
A wrap dress can help camouflage your belly and give you more of a waistline .
Once again , Egyptians are pouring into Tahrir Square by the tens of thousands , and good for them .
They were promised democracy after toppling Hosni Mubarak nine months ago .
Instead , they 've seen the military council that succeeded him try to steal it .
The generals have sought to delay any power transfer and even tried to exempt the army from civilian control in the new constitution .
Then , in a huge blunder , they responded to protests last weekend exactly as Mubarak had : violently .
At last count , 33 people had been killed and at least 1,700 wounded , driving tens of thousands more protesters into the streets and leaving the army 's once-substantial credibility with the people in tatters .
On Tuesday , protesters were demanding that the military council resign even as the generals tried to wage a strategic retreat by promising a presidential election in the first half of next year .
But for all the familiarity of the scene , today 's circumstances are both more difficult and more dangerous than last spring 's .
Then , the rebels were united behind a common goal : ousting Mubarak .
Today , they are splintered by a contest for power and differences over the shape of what 's to come .
The secular liberals who launched the inspiring spring rebellion have failed to build an effective political operation , virtually assuring that the better-organized Muslim Brotherhood and more openly radical Islamists will prevail in parliamentary elections scheduled to begin Monday .
This leaves a conundrum .
Any delay of the elections would infuriate the suspicious protesters , but managing an election in such circumstances is at best a challenging enterprise , and the likely outcome is as troubling to the United States as to the Egyptian moderates .
Nevertheless , U.S. policy must firmly show its support for democracy .
Given the region 's many volatile problems , the Obama administration has preferred to work behind the scenes .
But with Tahrir Square again coming to a boil , that luxury will soon disappear .
It 's time to ratchet up pressure on the generals and reassert America 's commitment to the protesters ' goals .
He is the son of a canoe-carver , a mild-mannered academic who wears a fedora but eschews the flowing robes and bombastic brashness that often characterize Africa 's " Big Man " leaders .
When elected president in April 2011 , he was described as " Nigeria 's Obama " , a leader who would bring change to the oil-rich but poverty-ridden nation .
His countrymen believed a divine hand orchestrated his success .
After all , his name spoke of his destiny :
Goodluck Jonathan .
Now , just nine months after his election , Jonathan is an embattled leader whose popularity has plummeted .
A Christian from southern Nigeria ,
he faces the challenges of growing sectarian violence and angry citizens who took to the streets in recent weeks , carrying mock coffins and placards calling him " President Badluck " .
Protests over his decision to end fuel subsidies escalated to include discontent at corruption , mass unemployment and lack of infrastructure .
For many Nigerians , most of whom are struggling to get by on less than $ 2 a day , change is not coming quickly enough .
No longer content with ' suffering and smiling ' Humble beginnings So why the loss of good will ?
Journalist and commentator Tolu Ogunlesi suggests that Nigerians desperately wanted to believe in Jonathan 's capacity to bring change , largely because they liked his humility and identified with him .
Goodluck Jonathan , or GEJ as he is more commonly known , used his humble beginnings as political capital during his election campaign last year .
In an oft-repeated speech , he said ,
" In my early days in school I had no shoes , no school bags .
I carried my books in my hands but never despaired , no car to take me to school , but I never despaired .
There were days I had only one meal , but I never despaired .
I walked miles and crossed rivers to school every day , but I never despaired .
[ I ] did n't have power , did n't have generators , studied with lanterns , but I never despaired .
In spite of these , I finished secondary school , attended the University of Port Harcourt , and now hold a doctorate degree .
Fellow Nigerians , if I could make it , you too can make it ! "
Citizens lapped up this man-of-the-people rhetoric , says Ogunlesi , a former recipient of the CNN African journalist award .
" He came out of nowhere , and we all love an underdog . "
Even his name seemed to hold promise .
Nigerians believe one 's name can help shape a person 's destiny .
So they tend to bestow on their children names with significant meaning .
It is not uncommon to meet people named Fortune , Happiness , Charity , God 's Gift .
Names given in their native language are also imbued with symbolic and often religious meaning .
His middle name Ebele ( or Ebelechukwu ) means " God 's Mercy " .
His late father , Lawrence , was quoted as saying in a biography of the president that he " called him Goodluck because although life was hard for me when he was born , I had this feeling that this boy would bring me good luck . "
His meteoric rise -- from lowly civil servant to president of Africa 's most populous nation -- seemed to trade on fortune .
His political career began when he was elected deputy governor of Bayelsa , a small state in Nigeria 's oil-producing Niger Delta region ,
then quickly became governor when his predecessor was impeached on corruption charges .
From there he rose to national office -- handpicked by party leaders to be vice president , then succeeded President Umaru Yar'Adua after the incumbent died in office .
Just over a year later , he was elected in his own right .
In a country where would-be politicians spend millions of dollars campaigning , Jonathan never actively sought or hustled for political office .
He has simply been at the right place at the right time , patiently waiting for events to unfold in his favor .
The fall from grace Critics say the loss of trust in Jonathan 's administration did not happen overnight .
They cite a series of blunders , beginning with his effort , just months after his election , to extend the presidency term from four to six years .
He is also accused of being completely inept at handling the security issues posed by Boko Haram , a shadowy militant Islamic group that is said to favor strict Sharia law , and which is frequently blamed for the sectarian violence that is threatening the unity of the country .
" Jonathan has come across as clueless when it comes to dealing with Boko Haram " , Ogunlesi said .
" No senior security officers have lost their jobs , nothing seems to have been done . "
But it is the abrupt removal of the fuel subsidy , in what has been described as a callous New Year 's Day " gift " that proved unacceptable for many Nigerians .
There has been intense speculation in the country that the decision came suddenly because of pressure from the International Monetary Fund .
The announcement coincided with a visit to the country by IMF head Christine Lagarde weeks earlier .
" The fuel subsidy removal is the final straw .
I 've never seen such a massive loss of good will in so little time , " Ogunlesi said .
What is behind fuel protests ?
Jonathan also " outraged " Nigerians when talking about Boko Haram recently after admitting there were sympathizers of the Islamic group within his government .
" Nigerians find it outrageous to hear him say this about his government , which he had a major part in putting together " , says Nigerian political journalist Terfa Tilley-Gyado .
" People would like to know who they are and what efforts are being made to prosecute them . "
Perhaps mindful of the deposed governments in other countries across the continent ,
the president acted quickly and decisively to crush the growing resistance , deploying the military onto the streets with a mandate to use force on protesters .
Nigerians took to the streets on January 2 , prompting him to meet with union leaders who demanded a return to the petrol pump price of 65 naira ( 40 cents . )
Negotiations have gone back and forth , and the most recent price concession of 97 naira ( 60 cents ) appears to have appeased union leaders who called off nationwide strikes .
A weak -- or deliberate -- leader ?
Political opponents argue that Jonathan , a biologist with a doctorate in zoology , does not have the political mettle to do business in Nigeria 's tough-guy political arena .
Human rights lawyer and activist Femi Falana has known Jonathan for more than a decade since he was a governor of Bayelsa state .
" Jonathan is a good guy who finds it difficult to offend people " , he says .
" A lot of people around him try to take advantage of this good disposition . "
" He needs to put his foot down and make his mind up .
He 's very slow " .
" He has failed to move against the oil cartel holding the country ransom " , Falana continued .
" He does n't get tough on companies like Shell to clean up when there are massive oil spills , like Obama did with BP in the Gulf of Mexico .
Jonathan is a likable guy , but it takes more than that to govern this country " .
Last September Jonathan responded to his critics during a speech :
" I do n't need to be a lion ...
I do n't need to operate like the pharaoh of Egypt , I do n't need to be an army general ,
but I can change this country without those traits .
Those close to him describe a measured , contemplative man who likes to consult widely before making decisions .
HRH King A.J. Turner , a close adviser who has known Jonathan since their university days , told CNN , " The Jonathan I know does n't rush into making decisions and likes to involve a wide range of people and experts .
That process takes time and can appear slow , but that is his style .
Friends say one of the biggest misconceptions about Jonathan is that he is weak .
The same people calling him weak are the same ones now saying he 's a dictator .
I feel so sad when people say things about him " , Turner said .
Turner , former managing director of the Niger Delta Development Commission , says Jonathan is a loyal friend who has competitive instincts -- at least on the squash courts , a sport he plays religiously .
" He has beaten me a few times " , he adds .
He describes a man who unwinds from the stresses of the job by listening to the music of legendary Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti .
" He loves Fela 's music so much " , Turner says .
But Fela 's brash revolutionary style of music might make uncomfortable listening for Jonathan these days .
Before he died , Fela Kuti frequently clashed with the authorities , and his youngest son , Seun Kuti , was among those leading demonstrations against GEJ 's government during the uprising against fuel prices .
Even Jonathan 's wife , Patience , has seemed a liability for the president .
She has faced unproven allegations of corruption and is frequently the butt of jokes because of what others describe as her poor grasp of English .
A U.S. diplomatic cable released by WikiLeaks and reported in the Nigerian media only added to his image as a weak leader :
It stated that the First Lady " runs her own show " , and the husband has little or no control over her .
The Facebook president and the future Just as protesters have successfully used social media to organize demonstrations under the " Occupy Nigeria " moniker , Jonathan has also been adept at using Facebook to engage with Nigerian youth , who voted overwhelmingly for him .
Bridging Nigeria 's digital divide He was the first Nigerian leader to have a Facebook page and has been dubbed " the Facebook president " .
He makes frequent updates -- which appear to be written by him -- but his page is now a receptacle of the public 's anger against him , with numerous insults being posted there .
Turner says Nigerians " do n't like to support their leaders " , but need to give Jonathan time .
Nigerians should allow him time to focus on what he wants to achieve .
He has not been in power for a long time .
He has not been given any breathing space to focus on the issues " , he said .
In a January 7 speech , Jonathan said elimination of the subsidy was a tough but necessary choice for the country 's economic future .
" I am determined to leave behind a better Nigeria that we all can be proud of .
To do so , I must make sure that we have the resources and the means to grow our economy to be resilient and to sustain improved livelihood for our people . "
" We must act in the public interest , no matter how tough , for the pains of today cannot be compared to the benefits of tomorrow . "
IT IS rare in Japan to find one bold political leader , and even rarer to find two .
Yet since the start of the year , two men with wildly different personalities , political styles and power bases have launched daring projects that they hope will help shake Japan out of its long economic funk .
They may end up colliding with each other .
The first is the prime minister , Yoshihiko Noda .
At the opening of the Diet , or parliament , on January 24th , he said he would present a bill by the end of March that aims to double the consumption tax , to 10% .
For well over a decade , the political establishment has acknowledged the need for an increase , but its nerve has failed it time and again , despite a ballooning government debt and rising social-security costs for an ageing population .
Mr Noda is now gambling his political life on such a tax rise .
He also wants to slash the number of Diet members from 480 in the lower house to 395 , cut the salaries of civil servants by 8% , and reduce their housing benefits .
Any one of these measures would , in a Japanese context , be considered bold .
All three together seems almost quixotic in a divided Diet where the upper house is dominated by the opposition Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) .
Moreover , Mr Noda 's popularity has slid in recent opinion polls .
He has the support of his own Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) , never a given for any leader of that fractious party .
But the LDP shows the same intransigence that has been its stock-in-trade since it lost power in 2009 .
It vows to block the tax bill , even though raising the consumption tax has long been a plank in its own policies .
It would like Mr Noda to dissolve parliament and call a general election on the issue .
Mr Noda , his aides say , counts on LDP obstructionism to backfire with voters .
Yet history has not been kind to prime ministers seeking to raise the consumption tax .
Meanwhile , a different vision of government  leaner , less inclined to tax , and less obsessed with regulation  is appearing far from the political centre .
In the industrial city of Osaka , a political movement is emerging , led by 42-year-old Toru Hashimoto , the new mayor .
He draws support from those frustrated by the quagmire of mainstream politics .
Osaka is Japan 's second-biggest city , with a huge industrial hinterland .
Its people are known for business acumen and an earthy frankness .
Mr Noda and Mr Hashimoto embody very different political styles .
Mr Noda , who is 54 , is old school .
He has called himself the " no-sides " leader who promises to put consensus before confrontation .
When he chides the LDP , he does so gently , turning its own words back at it .
Some of Japan 's elder statesmen consider him the best prime minister in years .
Mr Hashimoto , by contrast , is deliberately abrasive .
He has a withering contempt for his enemies , as was clear over the new year when he publicly refused to shake the hand of the boss of the local labour confederation who had backed his rival in last year 's election
( as also had the DPJ and the LDP ) .
Compounding the insult , Mr Hashimoto plans to turf the confederation out of its low-rent offices in the city hall , from where it has brokered power for half a century .
Mr Hashimoto is also scathing about central government .
He particularly loathes the hidebound education ministry , which he loves to call " stupid " .
Such talk rattles the Tokyo establishment .
Some there dismiss him as a badmouthing populist .
Others describe his style as " Hashism " , to confer a sort of dangerous extremism .
So far , he has shown only the odd right-wing tic  such as requiring Osaka 's teachers to stand for the national anthem .
His tactics look more like determination than despotism .
First , he has a clear short-term political goal .
He wants to merge the city of Osaka with the prefecture surrounding it in order to cut overlapping government services and reduce debt .
His plan needs a Diet vote to take effect , and he is assiduously courting politicians in Tokyo .
But if they vote it down , his advisers say , he will send " assassins " to run in the next election against the national politicians who oppose him .
His Osaka-based Restoration Party has already started recruiting potential candidates .
Second , Mr Hashimoto has a sophisticated group of backers .
These not only include many in the Osaka media and business establishment who have supported his crackdown on the unions and government waste .
The mayor is also drawing sharp minds from the civil service in Tokyo , and has support from mayors and governors in other parts of Japan who favour devolution .
Third , he is pretty persuasive .
On January 24th Seiji Maehara , the DPJ 's policy chief , said Mr Hashimoto had convinced him to change his mind about the creation of an Osaka megalopolis .
In Osaka some observers say the biggest danger now is that no one any longer stands up to Mr Hashimoto .
Potentially troubling for Mr Noda , Mr Hashimoto strongly opposes an increase in the consumption tax .
As a high official in Tokyo puts it :
" There 's a fight between the DPJ and the LDP , and between the DPJ and the populist undercurrent .
In the end , it 's the populists who are more of a worry . "
Many in Tokyo hope that , like other regional leaders who have emerged in a flash of charisma , Mr Hashimoto will wilt in the national spotlight .
For the moment , though , he is sharpening up Japanese politics , and that can only be a good thing .
Memory of Peoples
There is no ready-made formula for the preservation of minority cultures ,
and the case of Laos raises particularly interesting questions in this regard as the country is officially home to 47 ethnolinguistic groups , and almost half of its inhabitants belong to a minority .
Much of cultural heritages of the minority of Laos can be qualified as intangible ( rare languages , oral literature , un-written music , myths , rituals , social behaviour patterns etc. ) .
Some is ephemeral or vulnerable :
garments and textiles , musical instruments , traditional habitat largely built of bamboo etc .
This work bring to the public eye the contribution of 36 experts who took part in an international experts ' meeting on the " Safeguarding and Promotion of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of the Ethnic Minority Groups of the Lao People 's Democratic Republic " , in Vientiane in October 1996 .
While some chapters will be of particular interest to linguists , other will delight lay readers , enabling them to discover ,
for example , the important role of weaving .
The authors examine every aspect of the craft in detail :
fibres , dyes , equipment , techniques , motifs , types of garment , and the beliefs associated with this activity .
They stress the role of women who are alone to practice weaving and describe their special status as custodians of particular skills .
A similar wealth of information is to be found in the chapters devoted to music and architecture .
Houses , whether on stilts or built directly on the ground ,
express ethnic belonging , impact life styles , reflect fundamental myths , symbolic representation of the world , and of the high points in a community 's social organization .
Thus , in the south of the country , the expression for getting married is " to climb into the house " .
The creative wealth of each minority unfolds through transversal studies .
SPACE THINGS THAT LOOK LIKE EARTH THINGS Posted by Jessie Wender
The Horsehead Nebula , embedded in the vast and complex Orion Nebula , is seen in this representative-color image from the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii .
The dark molecular cloud , roughly 1,500 light years distant , is visible only because its obscuring dust is silhouetted against another , brighter nebula .
Credit : Jean - Charles Cuillandre ( CFHT ) , Hawaiian Starlight , CFHT .
This scene is to the northwest of the recently named crater Magritte , in Mercury 's south .
The shadowing helps define the striking " Mickey Mouse " resemblance , created by the accumulation of craters over Mercury 's long geologic history .
Credit : NASA / Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory / Carnegie Institution of Washington .
The Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) captured this image on June 24 , 2001 .
Resembling a work of modern art , variegated green crop circles cover what was once shortgrass prairie in Finney County , southwestern Kansas .
Healthy , growing crops are green ;
corn would be growing into leafy stalks by late June .
Sorghum , which resembles corn , grows more slowly and would be much smaller and therefore possibly paler .
Wheat is a brilliant gold as harvest occurs in June .
Fields of brown have been recently harvested and plowed under or lie fallow for the year .
Credit : NASA / GSFC / METI / ERSDAC / JAROS / U.S. - Japan ASTER Science Team .
As the name implies , this reflection nebula associated with the star Rigel looks suspiciously like a fairytale crone .
Formally known as IC 2118 in the constellation Orion , the Witch Head Nebula glows primarily by light reflected from the star .
The color of this nebula is caused not only by the blue of its star but also because the dust grains reflect blue light more efficiently than red .
A similar physical process causes earth 's daytime sky to appear blue .
Credit : NASA / STSCI Digitized Sky Survey / Noel Carboni .
Why does the Sombrero Galaxy look like a hat ?
Reasons include the Sombrero 's unusually large and extended central bulge of stars , and dark prominent dust lanes that appear in a disk that we see nearly edge-on .
Billions of old stars cause the diffuse glow of the extended central bulge .
Close inspection of the bulge in the above photograph shows many points of light that are actually globular clusters .
The spectacular dust rings harbor many younger and brighter stars , and show intricate details astronomers do n't yet fully understand .
The very center of the Sombrero is thought to house a large black hole .
Fifty million-year-old light from the Sombrero Galaxy can be seen with a small telescope towards the constellation of Virgo .
Credit : NASA / Hubble Heritage Team .
This bipolar star-forming region , called Sharpless 2-106 , looks like a soaring , celestial snow angel .
Twin lobes of super-hot gas , glowing blue in this image , stretch outward from the central star .
This hot gas creates the " wings " of our angel .
A ring of dust and gas orbiting the star acts like a belt , cinching the expanding nebula into an hourglass shape .
Credit : NASA , ESA , and the Hubble Heritage Team ( STSCI / AURA ) .
This image was taken with the Thermal Emission Imaging System ( THEMIS ) , which is on NASA 's Mars Odyssey orbiter .
" The image 's resemblance to a bunny is wholly coincidental " , Robert Burnham , of the Mars Space Flight Facility at A.S.U. , told me .
" What you 're really seeing here is a pit ( or possibly an impact crater ) with three channels coming into it .
The area where it lies is named Elysium and it contains a lot of features that are volcanic in origin .
This image looks odd because it was taken at thermal infrared ( heat ) wavelengths .
Thus areas that appear brightest in the image are the warmest parts of the ground below the spacecraft , while the darkest areas in the image are the coldest patches of ground . "
Credit : NASA / JPL / Arizona State University .
These shape-shifting galaxies have taken on the form of a giant mask .
The icy blue eyes are actually the cores of two merging galaxies , called NGC 2207 and IC 2163 , and the mask is their spiral arms .
This false-color image consists of infrared data from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope ( red ) and visible data from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope ( blue / green ) .
NGC 2207 and IC 2163 met and began a sort of gravitational tango about 40 million years ago .
The two galaxies are tugging at each other , stimulating new stars to form .
Eventually , this cosmic ball will come to an end , when the galaxies meld into one .
Credit : NASA / JPL-Caltech / STSCI / Vassar .
V380 Orionis , a bright , recently formed star in the constellation Orion , is so young that it is still surrounded by a cloud of material left over from its formation ,
here seen as the NGC 1999 reflection nebula .
Like fog around a street lamp , NGC 1999 shines only because the light from the star illuminates its dust ;
the nebula does not emit any visible light of its own .
NGC 1999 shows a remarkable jet-black cloud near its center , an example of a " Bok globule "
 a cold cloud of gas , molecules and cosmic dust , which is so dense it blocks all of the light behind it .
Astronomers believe that new stars may be forming inside Bok globules , through the contraction of the dust and molecular gas under their own gravity .
Credit : NASA and The Hubble Heritage Team ( STSCI ) .
This image , showing what looks to be a human face sculpted on the Martian surface , was produced using data from NASA 's Viking 1 orbiter in 1976 .
Described in a press release as a " face-like hill " , it caused some to offer the sensational speculation that it was an artificial construct built by an intelligent civilization on Mars , and this image was splashed across the covers of many grocery-store tabloids at the time .
A detailed analysis of multiple images of this feature reveals a natural-looking Martian hill whose illusory face-like appearance depends on viewing angle and angle of illumination .
Credit : NASA , Viking Project .
The full beauty of the Cat 's Eye Nebula ( NGC 6543 ) is revealed in this new , detailed view from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope .
Each of the eleven or more concentric " rings " in its onion-skin structure is actually the edge of a spherical bubble seen projected onto the sky
 that 's why it appears bright along its outer edge .
Observations suggest that this dying star ejected its mass in a series of pulses at 1,500-year intervals , creating dust shells .
The bull 's eye patterns seen around planetary nebulae come as a surprise to astronomers because they had no expectation that convulsions at the end of stellar lives would repeat every 1,500 years .
Several explanations have been proposed , including cycles of magnetic activity somewhat similar to our own sun 's sunspot cycle , the action of companion stars orbiting around the dying star , and stellar pulsations .
Another school of thought is that the material is ejected smoothly from the star , and the rings are created later on due to formation of waves in the outflowing material .
Credit : NASA , ESA , HEIC , and The Hubble Heritage Team ( STSCI / AURA ) .
In 2008 , the NASA / E.S.A. Hubble Space Telescope captured this view of the dwarf galaxy UGC 5497 , which looks a bit like salt sprinkled on black velvet in this image .
The object is a compact blue dwarf galaxy that is infused with newly formed clusters of stars .
The bright , blue stars that arise in these clusters help to give the galaxy an overall bluish appearance that lasts for several million years until these fast-burning stars explode as supernovae .
Credit : ESA / NASA .
In this image , obtained by the framing camera on NASA 's Dawn spacecraft , a set of three craters , informally nicknamed " Snowman " by the camera 's team members , is located in the northern hemisphere of Vesta .
The image was taken on July 24 , 2011 , from a distance of about 3,200 miles .
Credit : NASA / JPL-Caltech / UCLA / DLR / IDA .
VV 340 , also known as Arp 302 , provides a textbook example of colliding galaxies seen in the early stages of their interaction .
The edge-on galaxy near the top of the image is VV 340 North , and the face-on galaxy at the bottom of the image is VV 340 South .
Millions of years later these two spirals will merge  much like the Milky Way and Andromeda will likely do billions of years from now .
Credit : X-ray NASA / CXC / IFA / D. Sanders et al ; Optical NASA / STSCI / NRAO / A. Evans et al .
Ever since putting together our slide show of the transit of Venus , I 've been following NASA 's Goddard Flight Center on Instagram .
Recently the center posted an image of a crater on Mercury that bore a startling resemblance to Mickey Mouse .
Inspired by this , and also reminded of a childhood desire to see shapes in clouds ,
I decided to troll the NASA archive for space formations that look like earth objects .
When it comes to outer space , resemblance is often a fleeting thing .
" Galaxies change shape significantly as they interact gravitationally and even collide and merge with other galaxies ,
as the Milky Way and Andromeda are one day expected to do " , Frank Reddy , a NASA senior science writer , told me .
" Nebulas are vast clouds of gas and dust , and they morph under the influence of powerful outflows and intense radiation from the stars and star clusters within them .
Impact craters change via the same factors that alter any landscape :
erosion by wind , flowing water , glaciers , living organisms , earthquakes , volcanoes and even the formation of new impact craters nearby . "
( Results may vary depending on local conditions : " No wind or life on the moon " , he noted . )
Here 's a look at space at its most suggestive , with captions from NASA .
LONDON 'S LESSON FOR ROMNEY AND RYAN :
GOVERNMENT WORKS
Finally , it 's all over , and Team U.S.A. came out on top , with a hundred and four medals , forty-six of them gold .
China came in second , with thirty-eight golds and eighty-eight in total .
" The USA Crushed Every Other Country in the Medal Count .
Why Is America So Awesome at the Olympics ? "
a headline at Slate asked .
The main reason is that the United States is a very big , very rich country , and it should come out on top .
On a per-capita basis , other rich nations did equally well , perhaps better .
If you combine the five biggest European countries ( France , Germany , Great Britain , Italy , and Spain ) they have practically the same number of inhabitants as the U.S : about three hundred and fifteen million people .
Taken together , the European countries won a hundred and eighty-eight medals  almost twice the U.S. total  and sixty-two golds .
So , no , the real lesson of London 2012 is n't that the U.S. is the most fantabulous country on the planet and that everywhere else stinks , although in Michael Phelps , Allyson Felix , LeBron James , and others we certainly have some incredible athletes .
The real takeaway from the Games is one that might surprise Mitt Romney and his new running mate , Paul Ryan :
government initiatives can work , and very effectively at that .
You may recall  who can forget ? 
that a day or two before the Games started , Romney questioned London 's preparedness to host the 2012 Olympics , saying there were " a few things that were disconcerting " .
To be fair to the foot-in-mouth gold medalist , he was n't the only one raising doubts about transportation arrangements , security , and other issues .
The Brits were busy doing it themselves .
Romney 's crime was to join in a family row , which instantly united the protagonists against him .
In the end , the British government made sure the Games went off without a hitch .
The Home Office settled a dispute with customs and immigration workers , which averted a threatened strike at ports and airports .
When a private firm failed to provide enough security guards to secure the various sites of the Games , British soldiers stepped in and did what by all accounts was a bang-up job .
Answering Romney 's question about whether the host nation would " come together and celebrate the Olympic moment " , the British public packed the sporting venues and turned the two-week Games into a national celebration .
Even the Queen played a role , joining Daniel Craig for a James Bond spoof in the opening ceremony , which got things off to a splendid start .
As Romney discovered in Salt Lake City , putting on such a show costs a lot of money , and inevitably much of those costs falls upon the public sector .
British taxpayers put up 9.3 billion ( about fifteen billion dollars ) to finance the Games .
( The London Organizing Committee raised another seven hundred million pounds from big corporations , such as Adidas and BMW ,
and the International Olympic Committee , which gets most of its money from television networks like NBC , kicked in about the same amount . )
There is always a lot of debate about whether public investments in one-off events like the Olympics are worthwhile .
In some cases , they certainly are n't .
But these Games could well turn out to be an exception .
In staging them in Stratford , a run-down neighborhood , and investing heavily in transportation links ,
the organizers gave a boost to the rejuvenation of London 's eastern section , which was already happening anyway .
Finally , but by no means least , there is the outstanding performance of Team G.B. , which came in third in the gold-medal count ( it won twenty-nine ) and fourth in the over-all medals table .
Obviously , home-field advantage played a role , but that is only a small part of the story ,
which goes back to the Barcelona Games , in 1992 , when Great Britain won just five gold medals , and Atlanta , in 1996 , when it won only one gold .
In a country that is just as sports-mad as this one , the British showings in Barcelona and , especially , in Atlanta , were viewed as a humiliation that demanded remedial action .
The solution came in the form of the National Lottery , which John Major , the Conservative Prime Minister , launched in 1994 ,
promising to pledge most of the proceeds to " good causes " , which were defined as cultural activities , preserving historic sites , and funding the development of sports teams .
Until then , Britain had nothing to match the excellent sports programs at American universities , or the big government-funded programs in countries like Russia and China .
In the past fifteen years , government spending on sports facilities and sports-training programs has steadily increased to a point where the British Olympic team now receives about a hundred and twenty-five million pounds ( about two hundred million dollars ) in annual funding .
And guess what ?
The team 's performances have improved greatly .
Four years ago in Beijing , the British team won nineteen golds and forty-seven medals over-all , putting them in fourth place behind China , the United States , and Russia .
This year , Team G.B. leapfrogged Russia in golds .
" You do not get excellence on the cheap nor do you get all the virtuous outcomes that come from that without long term and predictable levels of funding " ,
Lord Coe , the great middle-distance runner who headed up the London Organizing Committee , said over the weekend .
" That 's what we witnessed in Beijing , that 's what we witnessed here and if we want to maintain our position in Olympic sport then that 's what we will need to do . "
Many of the British heroes from this year 's Games echoed Coe 's sentiments .
" I was at Atlanta in 1996 when G.B. finished thirty-sixth in medal table " , said Ben Ainslie , a sailor who just won his fourth gold medal .
" So to see where we are now in third place at London 2012 demonstrates just how successful this strategic investment has been . "
I have n't seen Romney or Ryan asked about the financing of the Olympics .
Their response would probably be that Team U.S.A. did splendidly without much government backing , and that 's true .
The United States Olympic Committee , unlike its British counterpart , relies on individual donations and corporate sponsorship for funding .
Such a system can produce great athletes , especially when it is combined with supportive parents and outstanding college programs .
But government-financed initiatives can work , too : the British showed that .
In fact , the entire London Games was a testament to the productive role that governments can play .
Yes , governments sometimes screw things up .
But often  far more often than Romney and Ryan would like to admit  they make things happen that the private sector can 't manage by itself .
When the American economy was in deep trouble in 2008 , Europe believed itself to be partially safe from the storm .
Most European banks had their capital invested in the European economy , rather than in the US ( a fact that has come back to bite us more recently ) .
The sense of security was based on the belief that the impact of an American crisis on the European continent would be mostly indirect , through a decrease in exports or , at most , through a decline of investor confidence and foreign investment .
After the American bailout package and the initial recovery of the US economy , the mood was cautiously optimistic .
Many believed that the bad times were over , thanks to the intelligence and decisiveness of the Obama administration and the sacrifices of the American people .
Today , it is clear that the crisis has not ended , and that it is n't contained to the US .
What before the crisis were judged to be small breaks in the walls of the European economy suddenly became widening cracks :
The crisis spread from the small banks of Europe 's periphery and now affects almost all European banks and nations , with several countries struggling to prevent a default on their national debt .
Today , it does n't even take poor policy to prolong and deepen the crisis .
Mere indecisiveness ( as it is currently practiced in Europe ) is sufficient to prevent further European integration .
All this has had a significant impact on the transatlantic relationship .
It is very different today from the relationship that Obama inherited when he took office .
The Eurozone crisis is n't the only factor in that equation  geopolitical changes like the Arab Spring have also left their mark  but the economic developments of the past years were surely important .
After all , it was the refusal of the US and UK governments to apply constraints on financial markets that worsened the national debt crisis .
Specifically , the American government rejected proposals to prevent financial institutions from forming unofficial cartels whose investment strategies undermined the financial situation of whole nations ( as happened in Greece ) , and stood idly by as rating agencies developed undue influence within financial markets .
At the beginning of the crisis , some Europe-led institutions like the IMF had recommended a federal bailout of banks on the verge of bankruptcy  like Lehman Brothers  and tight control and new regulations for the US-based financial markets and investment banks .
As we all know , many of these recommendations were ignored .
The arrest of IMF director Strauss - Kahn ( based on shaky evidence ) in front of the world 's media characterized well the moment when America refused to listen to European suggestions .
Today , the tables have turned .
Obama is keen to offer advice on European reform and on " credible " emergency plans .
Is this a candid offer to help in resolving the crisis , or an aggressive attempt at interfering in Europe 's continental affairs ?
From a European perspective , the latter interpretation seems plausible .
Why should the US be able to reject IMF advice ( an agency which was designed precisely for the purpose it is now trying to fulfill ) and expect at the same time that Europe 's leaders heed the " advice " of a friendly but foreign power ?
Obama 's pledge to " insulate " Europe in order to avoid the spread of its " disease " to the rest of the world 's economy , which , without Europe , would be out of recession , has been the final touch to what is now mostly seen as an unwanted and unasked-for interference with European politics during a sensitive time .
European leaders , like Mario Draghi , head of the European Central Bank , now feel compelled to remind the US of their role in the beginning and in the evolution of the crisis , and of their less-than-virtuous public debt .
The debates have become political in nature , rather than being focused on economics .
After all , Obama 's suggestions are largely similar to what Draghi himself has been preaching for the past 15 months .
Yet the head of the ECB cannot bring himself to voice open agreement with the American president .
The US political establishment is proud of the effects of the bailout package in fighting the crisis .
Yet many European policy-makers think that this is merely shifting the blame abroad :
The relative recovery of the American economy has been obtained by deliberately pushing the pressure of financial speculation to Europe ,
and America has largely refused to accept responsibility for the disastrous effects of deregulation and inappropriate financial mechanisms .
Private US rating agencies are entitled to misjudge the credit-worthiness of European nations in spite of a long and shameful history of failure in assessing the reliability of US corporations .
In this sense , the crisis has produced at least one positive effect :
Today , there is a common European realization that the Eurozone is a part of the international policy game .
The rest of the world  starting with the US President  is actively seeking negotiations with European leaders .
It should be clear to political representatives and citizens of the Eurozone that Europe is seen as a singular entity in international politics , that it will continue to exist , and that we cannot avoid being identified with it .
In this environment , the future of the European-American relationship might be most important in shaping a new European sentiment .
Our common European identity is partially defined through our differences with the United States .
It is not positive that this sentiment is born out of a climate of misunderstanding and reciprocal recrimination .
With Qaddafi's soldiers closing on Ajdabiya , the town's hospital was the place to go for news .
When I arrived , on March 13th , I spotted Osama , standing next to the emergency entrance in a group of young fighters who wore grave expressions .
Looking me in the eyes , he said , " Muhannad is dead " .
Deep , soundless sobs wracked his body .
The previous day , Muhannad had showed up in Brega and spent the afternoon at the clinic .
At around five o'clock , he and a pair of comrades headed off in the direction of Al Uqaylah .
When Osama cautioned him , Muhannad reassured him that he'd be all right .
Osama stayed the night in Brega but had to flee early that morning , when the bombing began . Muhannad did not come back .
A few hours before I arrived , fighters returning from the front had brought word that Muhannad had been shot .
They told Osama that he had been in one of two vehicles that went toward Al Uqaylah , looking for the enemy .
At twilight , some of the fighters decided that the venture was too risky , but Muhannad and two companions pushed on .
In Bishr , near Al Uqaylah , they ran into an advance column of Qaddafi soldiers , who raced their battlewagons toward them , shooting as they came .
One of Muhannad's companions , a young man named Riad , had survived by running off into the desert ;
he had not returned to Ajdabiya , but he had told his story to the other fighters .
Muhannad 's partner was gunned down nearby , he said , and then the Qaddafi soldiers shot Muhannad as he ran away .
He saw the men hurling Muhannad's body into their pickup , and he heard his friend scream .
At the hospital , several young men stood within earshot , looking shocked and grief-stricken .
For the time being , Osama said , he would stay there , waiting for the body , which he hoped would be retrievedeven though Bishr was now in Qaddafi territory .
If Muhannad's body came in , he would take it to his brother's house in Benghazi and mourn for three days , in the Libyan tradition . Then he would return to the front .
" I am not going to let Muhannad's death be in vain " , he said . " I'm not going back to America until this is over .
I don't care about anything anymore " .
One of the young men handed Osama a cell phone .
He brightened momentarily as he listened and then repeated aloud what he was being told :
Muhannad had been interviewed on Libyan state television .
Osama turned to me . Could this mean that he had been taken captive and was being used by the regime for propaganda ?
As he spoke , young fighters came to him , and said , " Allahu akbar , " in urgent , soft voices . There was a flicker of hope in his eyes .
A moment later , another call came , and Osama's face darkened again .
The broadcast was more than a week old .
Al Jazeera had interviewed Muhannad at the front in Ras Lanuf when the rebels briefly held it ;
he was singled out because he was fair-haired and half American and spoke good English .
Libyan state TV rebroadcast his image and suggested that he was a foreign fighter , evidence for Qaddafi's allegations that the opposition was a mob of pill-popping Al Qaeda extremists .
Osama sat down on the stoop of the hospital . The fighters sat around him .
One of them , his nephew , told him that it was pointless to wait in Ajdabiya , that he should go to Benghazi to be with his other son , Yousef , who needed him .
Osama listened uncomprehendingly .
I asked if he had called his wife , and he looked at me with empty eyes and shook his head .
Muhannad , he insisted , might still be alive and held prisoner ;
anything was possible as long as his body was not produced .
He repeated , over and over , that he wouldn't rest until he knew his son's fate .
WHEN Commodore Perry convinced the Japanese to open ports to the west in 1854 , their country had been isolated for two centuries .
Europeans and Americans were amazed by what they saw .
Traders started carrying back objects and works of art , and western artists and artisans began making work influenced by the Japanese aesthetic and techniques .
This is obvious in the colours and compositions of Edouard Vuillard , Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec and above all Vincent van Gogh .
Between 1886 , when Van Gogh arrived in Paris to stay with his brother Theo , and 1888 , when he left for Provence , the brothers acquired hundreds of ukiyo-e or woodblock prints .
Some of them can be seen on the walls of his radiant paintings of the period .
But Japonisme , the name given to works influenced by Japan's arts , was not confined to the creations of painters .
Designers of textiles , furniture and gardens were also inspired by their Japanese counterparts , as were gold and silversmiths .
Westerners were captivated by the attentiveness , poetry and wit of Japanese observations of nature .
This aesthetic is now the subject of a rare exhibition in London , which opens today .
Wartski , a London-based antiques dealer that specialises in jewellery , is staging a loan show of some 160 objects made of precious metal and jewels , all created between 1867 and 1917 .
There are tea pots and cigarette cases , flasks , spoons and jewellery .
A benefit for the Prince's Trust , the show counts Prince Charles among its lenders .
( The Faberg seal in which a plump , green nephrite frog with diamond eyes straddles a graceful pink enamelled column is his ;
The show includes work from other famous jewellers , including Lalique , Falize and Tiffany .
A rare pendant by Fernand Thesmar , a renowned enameller , shows a damsel fly perched on a bright green lily pad .
Thesmar's application of three translucent dew drops brings the image to life .
Chrysanthemums , sometimes called Japan's national flower , were the inspiration for a splendid diamond-set dress ornament by Vever ( pictured . )
Each of the many petals of the two flowers is a long , narrow Mississippi River pearl .
There are some lovely hair ornaments , too .
One , from the firm of Georges Fouquet , is made of translucent horn decorated with diamond-studded facsimiles of sycamore seed pods .
Wartski is a famous dealer in Faberg .
Here Faberg loans include acrobatic frogs , nestling rabbits , smiling rats , wicked monkeys and cuddling puppies carved from semi-precious stones .
Many have jewelled eyes .
Readers of " The Hare with Amber Eyes " ( a current bestseller in Britain , reviewed by The Economist here ) will immediately recognise the influence of netsuke Japanese toggles carved from ivory or wood .
It turns out that Faberg owned some 500 netsuke , quite a few of which are visible in a photograph of his St Petersburg apartment in this show .
The most bedazzling jewel is a diamond-set spray of cherry blossoms almost a foot long ( pictured below . )
This piece , intended to be worn descending from one shoulder , begins with a broken off bit of " branch " and ends with a tiny pair of leaves .
Despite the bling , it conveys a delicate naturalism , with each cherry blossom seemingly thin as paper and trembling with every movement ( an effect created by invisible springs . )
New research undertaken by Wartski's Katherine Purcell , the exhibition curator and author of its excellent catalogue , reveals that the brooch , long thought to be by Vever , is in fact by Rene Lalique , adding to its rarity .
Lalique made few diamond-encrusted pieces and none other on this scale .
The upheavals of the first world war made 1917 a natural cut-off date for this show .
As for the starting date , 1867 was the year of the Exposition Universelle in Paris , where the public could see for the first time a Japanese-curated display of paper , porcelain , textiles , baskets , netsuke and wood cuts .
The term Japonisme wasn't coined for another 20 years , but this is where it was born .
When the exposition closed there was a stampede to buy the contents of its Japanese pavilion .
The arts of Japan and Japonisme are not in the spotlight these days , but they are not without admirers .
At a recent Christie's South Kensington jewellery sale , a Japanese inspired enamelled necklace by Falize was estimated at  25,000 - 30,000 ;
it sold for  115,250 ( $ 188,319 , including the buyer's premium ) to Wartski , and can be seen in this eye-opening show .
Like everything else on view here , it is not for sale  yet .
Education and teenage pregnancy :
Oh baby , that's too easy The RealCare baby program , designed to discourage teen pregnancy by giving students a programmable doll , makes taking care of a baby look far too easy .
May 10 , 2011 On Mother's Day , my daughter and her friend Jenny sat on our sofa rocking their baby dolls .
It would have been an ordinary , sweet scene of children playing house , if Aviva and Jenny weren't teenagers .
Our affluent school district has a thing for gadgets .
In some classes , students have instant-answer transmitters , paid for by the schools ' fundraising foundation , that enable the teacher to find out instantly whether students understand the lesson .
Less successful  and I'm being generous here  was the software that supposedly taught good writing .
It would have failed F . Scott Fitzgerald .
And then , into our weekend came Sierra the programmable doll , which cries when it " needs " something  a fresh diaper , a bottle , burping or rocking .
The RealCare Baby records everything that is or isn't done to it .
The " bottle " utilizes a magnetic hookup to its vinyl lips .
Much like a barcode , a device embedded in the diaper is duly noted by the doll's electronic innards , signaling that it's been changed .
The head rolls back if not supported , and any failure on this score leads to simulated screaming , a computerized record of the infraction and a deduction of points .
Throw it against the wall ?
Breakage is a flunk and financial catastrophe for the parents .
( You can buy these babies used on EBay for about $ 500 ) . Parents can't take over  well , more on that later  because the student wears an ID bracelet that has to be swiped across the doll's belly before it will accept care .
The idea of the program is to discourage teen pregnancy by giving students a taste of the lost sleep and sacrificed fun that go along with parenthood .
From where I sat , it made babies look too easy by far .
Slip a diaper under the tush , and the baby coos ?
Sure . It almost never screams unless abused or ignored .
On what planet ?
For me , the hardest parts of being a mother were the moments of insecurity , when it seemed as though my best efforts fell short .
Was it time for the emergency room or a cool bath ?
Would anything stop the shrieking short of a ride in the car seat up and down the 405 Freeway ?
In later years , there was the uncertainty about how much discipline an infraction required , when to rescue , when to let them tough it out .
Aviva has no interest in ever being a mother , although two years ago she also scoffed at eye makeup and skinny jeans .
She has big plans  writing bestselling novels while filling in for Ben Bernanke  and unsentimental ways .
But here she was on the couch , looking tortured because half an hour of inexpert and rather frantic patting of the doll's back had produced not a burp and a satisfied robo-coo but a painful cramp in her forearm and continued moans from Sierra .
I did what any real-life grandmother would do : I got sneaky .
The doll already had been " swiped " .
It would accept further care from anyone . I took Sierra . Two minutes of firm patting resulted in a belch .
The doll is programmed to complain for a predetermined period , regardless of burping technique .
Still , it was satisfying : This was one more moment when I had delivered what my child needed .
My own Real Child .
Low calorie diet WON'T help you live longer , finds long-term study on monkeys Rhesus monkeys on restricted diet were healthier , but didn't live any longer in study Results also found calorie-restricted monkeys seemed more susceptible to death from causes other than aging By Daily Mail Reporter PUBLISHED :
Share Fans of the longevity diet say cutting your calorie intake well below recommended levels will add years to your life .
Now researchers have cast doubt on the claim after finding the emaciating diet didn't increase lifespan in rhesus monkeys . '
If there's a way to manipulate the human diet to let us live longer , we haven't figured it out yet and it may not exist ' , said biologist Steven Austad from the University of Texas Health Science Center , who wrote an analysis of the study in Nature .
A study has cast doubt on the claim that a calorie-constricted diet could lengthen life Since 1934 , research has shown that lab rats , mice , yeast , fruit flies and round worms fed 10 percent to 40 percent fewer calories than their free-eating peers lived some 30 percent longer . In some studies , they lived twice as long .
Such findings have spawned a growing community of believers who seek better health and longer life in calorie-restricted ( CR ) diets , as promised in the 2005 book " The Longevity Diet " , including 5,000 members of the CR Society International .
The research has also prompted companies like Procter &amp; Gamble and Nu Skin Enterprises to develop drugs to mimic the effects of calorie restriction .
Gorging on junk food may not just make you fat , it could also give you dementia The new study , from the National Institute on Aging , part of the U.S. National Institutes of Health , suggests this link doesn't hold true for all species .
It found that most of the 57 calorie-restricted monkeys did have healthier hearts and immune systems and lower rates of diabetes , cancer or other ills than the 64 control monkeys . However , there was no longevity pay-off .
' You can argue that the calorie-restricted animals are healthier ' , said Austad . ' They have better cholesterol profiles , less muscle loss , less disease .
But it didn't translate into greater longevity .
The NIA study , launched in 1987 , is one of two investigating whether eating just 70 percent of the calories in a standard lab diet extends life in a long-lived primate .
The Wisconsin National Primate Research Center's study , begun in 1989 , also uses rhesus monkeys , whose physiology , genetics and median lifespan ( 27 years ) are closer to humans than are the rodents in earlier calorie-restriction research .
Initial results were promising .
In 2006 the NIA group reported that calorie-restricted monkeys had younger-seeming immune systems .
Wisconsin reported that after 20 years of eating like birds , the monkeys were less likely to get heart disease , diabetes , cancer and other diseases of aging .
They also lived longer :
By 2009 , 80 percent of the free-eating Wisconsin monkeys had died of age-related illness , but only 50 percent of calorie-restricted monkeys had .
Those findings , the scientists reported at the time , showed " that CR slows aging in a primate species " .
Experts on aging have since waited for the NIA to weigh in , and the verdict was a shock : '
The calorie-restricted monkeys lived no longer than the other monkeys '
The oldest animals in each group had the same incidence of tumors , heart disease and general deterioration .
While the abstemious monkeys had some improved health markers such as cholesterol and triglyceride levels , Mattison said , " that didn't translate into better survival " .
The NIA study showed that even monkeys starting calorie restriction early in life , from 1 to 14 years of age , had no lifespan edge over their gourmand peers .
With 19 of the 40 monkeys whose eating was restricted starting in youth still alive , the NIA scientists calculated , the chance that they will outlive free-eating monkeys is less than one-tenth of 1 percent .
Perhaps more surprising , health markers were often worse in monkeys that began calorie restriction as young adults than older ones , the opposite of what scientists expected .
There may be something about calorie restriction that makes animals more susceptible to death from other causes ' , said Austad .
Scientists offered several explanations for why the NIA's findings differ from more encouraging results in the Wisconsin study .
The Wisconsin monkeys ' diet had seven times the table sugar ( 28 percent of calories , like Americans ' diets ) as the NIA's ( 4 percent . )
The Wisconsin control monkeys also ate however much they wished ; the NIA control monkeys ate a fixed amount and , as a result , weighed less .
That suggests the longevity diet didn't really extend lifespan in the Wisconsin monkeys : It only seemed to because the control monkeys ate themselves into an early grave .
' Comparing calorie restriction to what you think is a normal diet but is in fact an unhealthy diet with too much food and too much sucrose can trip you up ' , said Austad .
' If you keep your control animals to a healthy weight , as the NIA did , a diet that produces extreme emaciation has no further effect on longevity ' .
IN THE WILDS OF NORTH AMERICA a mystical ape-like creature hides in the shadows . Standing over seven feet tall and having an immense , muscled body , it should be hard to stay concealed .
Many that see him say he just disappears into the background . Like a man , he walks upright , but the short black hair covering his entire body indicates he is no homo-sapien .
No bodies , bones or remains have ever been found despite more than two centuries of searching . The only evidence we have of this mythical beast is its huge tracks . That is why the creature is named ' Bigfoot . '
Like many legendary Native American monsters , Bigfoot is a central part of indigenous traditional tales . They call him ' Sasquatch , ' the ' hairy giant of the woods . '
But it was his early personal introduction to European settlers that sparked off real interest .
In 1811 , David Thompson , a white trader , was in the north Rocky Mountains when he spotted a set of massive 14 by 8-inch footprints .
Over many years , the tales of Sasquatch spread and on 4th July 1884 , the Daily Colonist newspaper in British Columbia was proud to announce that a train crew had caught a strange beast .
The American and Canadian mountains gradually grew awash with stories of Sasquatch appearances ; there were even reports of gangs of strange creatures attacking people in the forests .
The Sasquatch phenomenon was never solely focused on the idea of a single creature , and people have always considered there might be a breeding colony .
At that time , the mystical beasts were primarily of interest to lumberjacks , miners and those who lived or worked in areas where it had been sighted .
That changed in 1958 when Jerry Crew , a bulldozer operator working in Humboldt County , California , made casts of the bizarre footprints he had found .
A local newspaper photographed Crew , and his picture was syndicated across the United States .
The sight of a man holding a plaster cast record of the tracks of a mysterious beast started the modern Bigfoot legend .
But if Crew's discovery helped to launch the myth , it was an episode nine years later that sealed Bigfoot's place in the American consciousness .
In October 1967 , Roger Patterson and Bob Gimlin were riding on horseback through Bluff Creek , north California . They were in the area specifically looking for Bigfoot .
Suddenly one appeared in their path , and Patterson was thrown from his horse .
Whilst Gimlin kept a rifle trained on the beast , Patterson quickly regained his footing and ran towards the creature , filming all the time with a cine camera they had taken with them .
The result is perhaps the most enigmatic evidence yet .
The footage shows a large hairy biped slowly strolling into the undergrowth .
Experts who have closely studied the film suggest it is a female Bigfoot , as two mammary glands are just discernible on its front .
Although the evidence is startling , many have questioned its authenticity .
Some experts believe , if the film is played at a slightly faster speed , it could easily be a human in a costume .
However , aspects of the footage are quite amazing . For example , biotechnology scientists have said that for a creature like Bigfoot to walk upright it would need an extended heel . The creature on the film has an extended heel .
Experts in the industry initially expected the film merely to be special effects , but they have been unable to find any tell-tale signs that it is a hoax .
Similarly , a group of Russian scientists who attempted to determine correct speed of the film came to the conclusion that the creature really did have a long , lumbering gait .
However , Gimlin himself has entertained the possibility that he might have been an unwitting participant in a hoax orchestrated by his friend . This we shall never know as Patterson died of cancer in 1972 .
People have reported seeing UFOs in the regions of Bigfoot appearances . Also , the creatures are now said to have bright red eyes and be carrying glowing orbs .
This may seem a strange development , but Sasquatches were always reported as having a quality beyond the physical , and it has always been suggested that when they die , Bigfoot bodies vanish into the ether .
This is a shame , because to really accept Bigfoot's presence , the world needs to see some hard , physical evidence .
THE GIST The 1.4 billion light-year long Great Wall structure was discovered by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey in 2003 .
The largest supercluster in the Wall , SCl 126 , is unusual compared to superclusters within other large-scale structures .
The Sloan Great Wall , a vast galactic filament , is the largest known structure in the Universe .
It measures 1.4 billion light-years across and located approximately 1billion light-years from Earth .
Kapteyn Institute , U . Groningen et al , . 2dF Galaxy Redshift Survey Structure exists on nearly all scales in the universe .
Matter clumps under its own gravity into planets , stars , galaxies , clusters , and superclusters .
Beyond even these in scale are the filaments and voids .
The largest of these filaments is known as the Sloan Great Wall .
This giant string of galaxies is 1.4billion light years across making it the largest known structure in the universe .
Surprisingly , the Great Wall has never been studied in detail .
Superclusters within it have been examined , but the wall as a whole has only come into consideration in a new paper from a team led by astronomers at Tartu Observatory in Estonia .
The Sloan Great Wall was first discovered in 2003 from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
The survey mapped the position of hundreds of millions of galaxies revealing the large-scale structure of the universe , thus revealing the Great Wall .
Within it , the Wall contains several interesting superclusters .
The largest of these , SCl 126 , has been shown previously to be unusual compared to superclusters within other large scale structures .
SCl 126 is described as having an exceptionally rich core of galaxies with tendrils of galaxies trailing away from it like an enormous " spider " .
Typical superclusters have many smaller clusters connected by these threads .
This pattern is exemplified by one of the other rich superclusters in the wall , SCl 111 .
If the wall is examined in only its densest portions , the tendrils extending away from these cores are quite simple , but as the team explored lower densities , sub-filaments became apparent .
Another way the team examined the Great Wall was by looking at the arrangement of different types of galaxies .
In particular , the team looked for Bright Red Galaxies ( BRGs ) and found that these galaxies are often found together in groups with at least five BRGs present .
These galaxies were often the brightest of the galaxies within their own groups .
As a whole , the groups with BRGs tended to have more galaxies which were more luminous , and had a greater variety of velocities .
The team suggests that this increased velocity dispersion is a result of a higher rate of interactions among galaxies than in other clusters .
This is especially true for SCl 126 where many galaxies are actively merging .
Within SCl 126 , these BRG groups were evenly distributed between the core and the outskirts while in SCl 111 , these groups tended to congregate towards the high density regions .
In both of these superclusters , spiral galaxies comprised about 1/3 of the BRGs .
The study of such properties will help astronomers to test cosmological models that predict galactic structure formation .
The authors note that models have generally done a good job of being able to account for structures similar to SCl 111 and most other superclusters we have observed in the universe .
However , they fall short in creating superclusters with the size , morphology and distribution of SCl 126 .
These formations arise from density fluctuations initially present during the Big Bang .
As such , understanding the structures they formed will help astronomers to understand these perturbations in greater detail and , in turn , what physics would be necessary to achieve them .
To help achieve this , the authors intend to continue mapping the morphology of the Sloan Great Wall as well as other superclusters to compare their features .
Apple iMac ( spring 2011 ) review By Tim Stevens posted May 9th 2011 12 :
00PM Review The heaviest of heavyweights in the all-in-one field has seen another update , another batch of new internals to liven up the aging ( but still classy ) chassis .
Apple unveiled its latest iMac refresh last week , surprising nobody with a new selection of AMD Radeon HD graphics cards , quad-core Intel Sandy Bridge processors , and solid-state storage options , all designed to do one thing : go faster .
These latest iMacs are quite naturally the speediest yet , as you'd expect , but with the right configuration they can be properly quick .
Faster internals plus Thunderbolt ports on the outside turn what's supposed to be a family-friendly and eye-catching machine into an unassuming powerhouse that might just be quick enough for professional users .
There's a more important question , though : is this $ 1,999 system the right choice for you ?
Apple iMac ( spring 2011 ) Hardware When Apple refreshed the iMac lineup last year we sampled the 21.5 inch model , svelte and sweet and a good choice for your average household .
This is the processor you get if you opt for the pricier configuration of the bigger model and resist the urge to make any other customizations -- but cycle-hungry users can spend an extra $ 200 to step into a 3.4GHz Core i7 .
Either way you get four cores , ours came paired with 4GB of 1333MHz , DDR3 RAM , installed as two 2GB DIMMs , and a 1TB 7,200RPM , SATA drive .
Pushing pixels to that 27-inch , 2,560x1,440 resolution IPS panel is an AMD Radeon HD 6970M graphics card with 1GB of GDDR5 memory .
That , thanks to the dual Thunderbolt ports tucked around the back , gives users a new-found ability to power a lot of external displays , in theory up to four thanks to the dual-channel nature of each port .
We managed to get two additional displays lit up , but the LED-backlit monitor here is more than spacious enough for most use , and is certainly bright and gorgeous enough too -- but you knew that .
In fact you probably already know a lot about how this looks because , other than the faster internals , there isn't a lot new here .
It's the same design that Apple's been hawking for a few years now .
It still looks good , modern and understated styling matching your modern and understated life , but we're left wanting some updates .
That SD card slot is still dangerously close to the DVD-ROM slot ( which still won't accept Blu-ray discs , ) and the power button is still in exactly the right spot to confound new users and frustrate experienced ones as they accidentally hit it every time they reach to tilt the display back .
And we can't help but wish we could get a little more interactive with that hyper-glossy display , which makes for a heck of a good mirror when turned off .
Apple of course has patents out for what looks like a touchable iMac and we're a bit disappointed they didn't come to fruition here -- though we would hate to smudge up that surface .
There's still no matte option , but at least you can opt out of getting a Magic Mouse and substitute in a Magic Trackpad this time .
Oh , and there's a new FaceTime HD webcam stuck in the bezel , for those about to chat .
Performance This machine has the higher of the two default configurations for the 27-incher , and we found it more than adequate for just about anything we threw at it .
Obviously the gaming selection is still a little limited here , but Half-Life 2 and Portal 2 played full-res without a hitch .
As you'd expect a 1080p clip loads quickly and cycles just fine -- we had five simultaneous 1080p clips going without a hint of frame drop on any .
In fact about the only the only thing that really caused a stutter was trying to edit a 4K video clip in REDCINE -- it was still workable , but we had to view it at half-res to get the preview render looking smooth .
Hardly a deal-breaker .
If you're looking for more synthetic benchmarks , we scored 8,465 in Geekbench , a 30-second 720p clip exported from iMovie in 20 seconds , and a 1080p clip took under a minute .
Wrap-up So could a pro-level user , someone who spends their days in Photoshop or Premiere or even REDCINE be happy here ?
Yes , surprisingly , they could -- especially with the addition of an internal SSD ( a $ 500 option for 256GB ) and a high-speed external storage array connected via Thunderbolt .
It wouldn't be our choice , and whether it makes sense to buy something like this versus a dedicated machine with an external display is another question entirely , but if you wanted to , you certainly could .
However , for a general consumer setup we can't help but think this is a bit too much .
The vastly more affordable and still hugely capable 21.5 inch model makes a lot more sense for a lot more people .
But , for ease of setup , aesthetic appeal , and overall performance and flexibility , the iMac is as hard to ignore as ever .
How Unconscious Cognitive Biases Help Fire Our Motivation A trick of the unconscious is responsible for spurring us on to difficult goals . It feels daunting when we draw the bow across a violin for the first time or start learning to samba , or pick up our first stuttering words in a foreign language .
The ultimate goal of being able to dance , speak French or play the violin seems a long way off .
There is a strong temptation to give up and try other goals , perhaps less challenging ones . So how do we motivate ourselves to keep going ?
Consciously we can use these 11 goals hacks described in a previous article .
But our unconscious also chips in to change our perceptions and help us on our way , as revealed by an ingenious new study .
Collect 1,000 t-shirts In the study participants were told they were going to be involved in an ongoing effort to collect 1,000 t-shirts to send to refugees in Haiti .
They were told about the desperate state of refugees there , including their lack of basic clothing .
Then they were split into two experimental groups * by being shown two different pictures of the project's progress so far :
Some were shown two full boxes of t-shirts , suggesting there was lots more work to do and , The others were shown 10 full boxes of t-shirts , suggesting they were much nearer their goal .
Crucially , each group was asked to estimate how many t-shirts had already been collected in these boxes .
The group that were shown the two boxes simulated the feeling we get at the start of a big project , i.e. that there is still a lot of work to do .
So how did the participants cope with this ?
It turned out that they over-estimated the number of t-shirts that had already been collected . In fact , in comparison to an unmotivated control group who thought there were , on average , 92 in the box , those who were committed to the task estimated there were 220 t-shirts .
This over-estimation made them feel that the goal was more attainable .
Almost there ?
The group that were shown the 10 boxes were simulating the experience of being close to achieving our goal .
So how did participants keep themselves motivated when there was much less work to do ?
You guessed it :
they under-estimated the number of t-shirts in the box .
The control group guessed an average of 617 , while the motivated participants guessed 424 .
By under-estimating their progress when they were near the end of the task , highly motivated people are able to push themselves on harder towards the end when the temptation is to slack off .
The experimenters checked this finding using other tasks .
They got the same types of results again .
When people are highly motivated to achieve a task , they over-estimate their progress at the beginning and under-estimate it at the end .
This helps provide us with the psychological energy to keep us going through the task .
This effect has been most noticeable to me towards the end of large projects .
Even when I'm nearing the finish line , it feels like I've still got a fair way to go . Then when I'm finished it takes me by surprise .
Automatic motivation This finding is heartening because sometimes these subtle cognitive biases work against our best interests , like in the Dunning-Kruger effect and the worse-than-average effect , but here they're working for us .
In both cases participants ' minds were warping what they were seeing to give them extra motivation .
Although strictly speaking they were less accurate , it's all in the service of achieving something more important : reaching that vital goal .
This is one great example of the way our cognitive biases can be extremely handy for us .
This finding is fascinating because it's demonstrating how sometimes getting precise information about our progress can actually reduce motivation .
For example if you're on the running machine at the gym and you've just started your workout , then the fact that the display tells you exactly how far you've got to go leaves no room for these helpful unconscious biases to operate .
Sometimes it really is better not to know .
Instead let your unconscious give you a helping hand on towards your goal .
Ursula Wills-Jones The Time-Sweepers You may not be familiar with the time-sweepers . The time-sweepers are the people who sweep up all the time that is lost and wasted .
You cannot see them , though if you are in the railway station and think you see something out of the corner of your eye , that will probably be a time-sweeper , cleaning up around the bench you are sitting on .
If you were to see them , you would find a small , bluish person with an intent expression , clutching a broom and a mop .
The men wear overalls , the women old-fashioned tweed skirts and scarves on their head .
The time-sweepers are present wherever time is being lost or wasted .
There are always several in train stations , and at least one in every doctors surgery .
The man who has waited so long to propose to his girlfriend that her hair has gone grey , probably has his own personal time-sweeper following him around .
The woman who has spent thirty-five loathed years in an estate agents , dreaming of opening a florists , causes the neighbourhood time-sweeper to sigh , and fetch a bigger dustpan . You should not feel sorry for the time-sweepers , though their work is menial :
they are never sick , do not worry that they are in the wrong career , and have excellent working conditions , though what they do for leisure is unknown .
They enjoy bank holidays off , which is why , on these days , there seems so much more time than usual .
At Christmas and new year , the time-sweepers have a week's holiday . When they return to work in January , they face a vast backlog of time which has been lost , wasted and thrown away over the holidays .
It takes them around three weeks to resume normal service , which is why January always seems to last longer than other months .
The time-sweepers have been around forever , though modern life has created wasted time in such large concentrations that in some places the time-sweepers have been forced to industrialise their operations , buying a number of specialised compressing lorries similar to those used by ordinary bin-men .
They use these for the largest collections , at prisons and shopping malls , two venues where the tide of wasted time threatens to swamp even the most dedicated operatives .
Were you to ask a time-sweeper , they would tell you one surprising thing :
time enjoyed is never time wasted .
Cleaning up in a large office full of staggering tedium , the time-sweeper will pass straight by the desk of the woman who is reading a holiday catalogue under the desk , poring over photos of tropical beaches .
They will pass by the next desk , where a man is enjoyably wondering what his mother-in-law looks like naked , and stop by the desk of the young man who is counting every minute , and loathing the hours .
You may wonder what happens to the wasted time after it has all been cleaned up .
Never fear , the time-sweepers are ardent recyclers .
It is collected , packed into large containers , moved to Liverpool docks , loaded onto a ship , and taken to India .
There , in a dusty industrial estate somewhere near Bombay , it is cleaned , sorted , and graded .
The most toxic and poisoned time  the residues of failed peace negotiations , wrongful imprisonments and truly poisonous marriages , is skimmed off and buried in a tank underneath a disused army base .
There , it will take two or three centuries to decay , and become harmless again .
The rest of the time  made up of stuff such as dull meetings , missed appointments , delayed buses and bad nights at the theatre , is cleaned and put back onto a ship , where it is taken to the Guangzhou industrial export processing zone .
Here it is compressed and stored , awaiting redistribution .
Around twenty percent goes direct to the factories of the export processing zone , which has the world's highest productivity rate .
A quarter is bought in hard dollars by the Chinese government .
Ten percent of the most concentrated stuff is sold to a cryogenics laboratory in California .
Another twenty or so percent is discreetly sold to a variety of rich private clients , mostly old , rich men who have married beautiful young women .
However , the time-sweepers are not in it for profit .
The money from these deals pays for their operations , including dusters , bin-bags , overalls and shipping . The rest is distributed to good causes .
No-one who gets any extra time has to fill in any forms , or ask for a grant . They are all quite unaware that they are in receipt of assistance . One of these beneficiaries is a shabby and overtired scientist in a crumbling public laboratory outside Novosibirsk , who will be the man to find the vaccine for malaria .
Another is a prostitute in a Nairobi slum who has fostered seventeen children , and who , despite twenty years in the business , never falls ill .
A third is the Indian taxi driver in a cramped flat in Toronto , who , in between sending money home to a sick wife and children , is writing what will later be acknowledged as the greatest novel of the century .
Not all the recipients of the time-sweepers ' largesse are people .
About forty miles outside Timbuktu , a medieval mosque , buried in sand , receives a delivery every decade or so .
Somewhere below the floor in the Aegean sea , a Trojan galley is miraculously preserved in mud .
Similarly , the time-sweepers gift a little extra time to a temple in Mexico , and preserve a haul of dark-age treasure in a Galway bog .
A certain amount of charitable time is kept back for emergency situations , both small and large .
It is parachuted in in times of desperation , and has facilitated peace deals , changed battles , and allowed numerous fathers to make it to the delivery room in time .
The time-sweepers are , by their very nature , a tidy and orderly sort of people .
They wish that humans would think more about throwing away this valuable commodity , but don't expect it'll happen any time soon .
There isn't a moral to this story . It's just that if you are planning on throwing away your time , please remember - somebody has to pick it up .
Microsoft confirms takeover of Skype he deal will see Microsoft pay $ 8.5bn ( 5.2bn ) for Skype , making it Microsoft's largest acquisition .
Luxembourg - based Skype has 663million global users .
In August last year it announced plans for a share flotation , but this was subsequently put on hold .
Internet auction house eBay bought Skype for $ 2.6bn in 2006 , before selling 70 % of it in 2009 for $ 2bn .
This majority stake was bought by a group of investors led by private equity firms Silver Lake and Andreessen Horowit .
Other major shareholders include tech-firm Joltid and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board .
Shares in Microsoft ended the day in New York down 0.5 % at $ 25.68.
In contrast , eBay - which owns a stake in Skype - saw its share price rally 2.5%. '
Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer said : " Skype is a phenomenal service that is loved by millions of people around the world . "
Together we will create the future of real-time communications so people can easily stay connected to family , friends , clients and colleagues anywhere in the world .
" Skype will now become a new division within Microsoft , and Skype chief executive Tony Bates will continue to lead the business , reporting directly to Mr Ballmer . "
It's a strategic asset and a defensive move [ for Microsoft " , ] said Colin Gillis , an analyst at BGC Financial . "
If they can put it on Windows 8 , it gives them an advantage .
It helps them in the tablet market .
" Other analysts say Microsoft's aim in buying Skype is to improve its video conferencing services .
Price concerns Although the price tag of $ 8.5bn will not stretch the US giant , some experts have questioned whether it is paying too much for a company that has struggled to turn a profit .
Michael Clendenin , managing director of consulting firm RedTech Advisors , said : "
If you consider [ Skype ] was just valued at about $ 2.5bn 18 months ago when a chunk was sold off , then $ 8.5bn seems generous .
" [ It ] means Microsoft has a high wall to climb to prove to investors that Skype is a necessary linchpin for the company's online and mobile strategy " .
This view was echoed by Ben Woods , head of research group CCS Insight .
" The big unanswered question is how do Skype assets work for Microsoft .. how do you justify the price " ? he said .
Skype was founded in 2003 .
Calls to other Skype users are free , while the company charges for those made to both traditional landline phones and mobiles .
Part of the reason the tiresome LeBron James/Kobe Bryant debate lingers on is that they've never , ever played a meaningful game .
Kobe has five championship rings . LeBron is statistically superior . Kobe has played with an outlandish collection of talent . LeBron is a choker .
Stop me if you've heard any of these arguments screamed at high , spittle-flecked volume before .
Despite any grand-scheme relevance , the rarity of watching LeBron and Kobe on the same floor makes their infrequent clashes magnetic .
The two barely guard each other , but there are fleeting moments of on-court interaction where polite , mutual admiration is stripped away and their rivalry is exposed as deeply personal .
With under a minute remaining in the first half of Thursday night's game between the Miami Heat and the Los Angeles Lakers , we were treated to one of those memorable encounters .
LeBron , dribbling the ball near the right wing , was finally guarded by Bryant . Cheering from the Miami crowd crescendoed .
LeBron muscled free and drove to the top of the key , where he picked up his dribble as the lane clotted with defenders .
Kobe blanketed him again , but James whistled a pass to Shane Battier in the left baseline corner . Before the 3-pointer splashed home , James was strutting the other direction with three fingers raised .
It was impossible not to interpret LeBron's demonstrative pirouette as a statement .
As much as he has been maligned for giving up the ball in key situations , it could be viewed as a refutation of hero ball , an affirmation of his identity as a superstar who regards finding an open teammate more valuable than the risk/reward of attempting a difficult shot .
The defender's belief system veers the opposite direction , and on the Lakers ' next possession , Kobe bricked a contested jumper from almost the exact same spot .
The opportunity to grasp for meaning in such tidy vignettes is why we love to watch Kobe and LeBron play in games that don't actually matter .
At the peril of engulfing this column in the hellfire of a LeBron/Kobe flame war , the gulf between the two players has never been wider .
LeBron is in the prime of his career and by far the best player in the NBA .
Last night , he decimated the Lakers almost singlehandedly .
He led the Heat in scoring , rebounding , assists , blocks , and steals .
He tossed in a pair of delicate , running floaters than no one had even seen him try before .
It was ridiculous , but in the way that LeBron has become ridiculous every night .
For Kobe , now in his mid-30s , some nights are better than others .
Using guile and grit  and perhaps pent-up rage at the ex-wife who snagged $ 75million despite rarely shooting with him in the gym  he remains an elite , but aging , player .
At every step of his career , Kobe has mulishly resisted appeasing coaches , teammates , or critics who suggested he alter his approach to basketball .
This is not breaking news .
Since he was a rookie flinging up four late air balls against Utah in ' 97 , Kobe's oxygen-snatching , forest fire of an ego has made him both compelling and divisive .
To devotees , he possesses a will to power that would make Nietzsche swoon .
Detractors argue Kobe's reputation for heroism is comically overblown .
Whatever you believe , years of mileage over rough terrain have not diminished his drive .
With conventional wisdom recommending the Lakers mash the ball down to Bynum and Pau Gasol this season  they are , after all , two of the league's best three centers  Kobe responded as if someone hocked a wad of phlegm in his Nutella .
At press time , he's jacked up 394 shots .
For some perspective , Kevin Durant is second in the NBA with 277 attempts .
Kobe's current usage rate is the highest in recorded history , topping the record-setting 38.9 percent he notched in 2005-06 , when the Lakers started Lamar Odom , Smush Parker , Brian Cook , and Chris Mihm .
And , in the majority of games where the Lakers have had both of their big men available , Kobe has taken more shots than Bynum and Gasol combined .
Are there consequences to treating the finest post tandem in the NBA like a duo of adopted gingers ?
It's early , but let's inspect some numbers .
The Lakers ' defense is as solid as it was last year .
They play at about the same tempo .
But the offense has dropped from sixth in efficiency to 18th .
Considering Kobe's overwhelming influence on the Lakers ' performance on that side of the ball , he's either keeping a leaky ship afloat  or he's been a 33-year-old pair of cement shoes .
The last time new Lakers coach Mike Brown orchestrated an offense where one player dominated the ball , it was with a judicious passer who erred on the side of socialism . Now , with Lamar Odom traded to Dallas , Derek Fisher ineffective , and Steve Blake injured , the Lakers have to let Stalin distribute pumpernickels in the breadline .
Last night , the Lakers ' advantage in the paint against the Heat was obvious early on .
Bynum was able to hip-check Chris Bosh out of his way with ease .
Gasol , who has weirdly taken one less 3-pointer this year than in the rest of his entire Laker career , fluttered in jumper after jumper over undersized Udonis Haslem .
Those guys are a beastly pair for any team to handle , let alone one hoping Eddy Curry will contribute in the pivot .
But even with Dwyane Wade sitting out , the Heat used speed and skillfulness to thwart the Lakers ' superior bulk .
The threat of two of the league's most athletic perimeter players streaking down the court like bullet-spraying Apache helicopters has terrified opposing coaches since " The Decision "  there were enough parabola lobs and mean dunks last season to confirm those fears  but the Heat didn't truly push the ball .
This year , they do .
Guards Mario Chalmers and Norris Cole ratchet up the tempo , and Mike Miller , Haslem , and Bosh are all mobile forwards .
The Heat's pace has gone from 20th in the league to second fastest , and , as a result , they lead the NBA in scoring .
Last night , they spread the floor with . 500 shooting from 3-point range and then attacked the Laker oafs off the dribble without mercy .
Los Angeles may be the most physical team in the league  Bynum , Metta World Peace , Matt Barnes , Josh McRoberts , and even Kobe have had moments of gooning out  but they're collectively sluggish .
The group is awful at knocking down outside shots , they rarely score in transition and , outside of Kobe , none of the perimeter players create easy baskets for teammates .
Last night , against heliotropic defense that often doubled Kobe on the wings , Fisher , Barnes , World Peace , McRoberts , Darius Morris , and Jason Kapono combined for 12 points on 5 for 24 shooting . They pitched in 13 rebounds , 8 assists , and 8 turnovers .
All this hand-wringing about what Kobe has left in the gas tank is pointless when his teammates contribute so little .
Members of the Heat supporting cast , at least , have roles .
Haslem and Joel Anthony defend and rebound .
Miller and James Jones shoot .
Chalmers and Cole dribble .
Curry dutifully avoids snacks .
Then there's offseason acquisition Shane Battier , who was given the assignment of guarding Kobe last night .
He 's exactly the kind of player who could turn a Finals runner-up into a champion .
After The New York Times Magazine ran Michael Lewis ' story that detailed Battier's scholarly approach to guarding Bryant , their individual matchups have become especially fascinating .
Even with his defensive strategy published and surely read by his foe , Battier doggedly forced Kobe to go left , prevented catch-and-shoot jumpers and avoided sending him to the free throw stripe at all costs ( Battier finished the game with one foul last night , committed against Gasol . )
Battier's devotion to data paid off . Kobe settled for contested perimeter shots for most of the evening , missing six of his first seven attempts en route to an unimpressive 8 for 21 shooting performance .
" The numbers don't lie " , Battier said in the story .
London seen through foreign eyes As visitors pour into the capital for the Olympics , a Tate Britain exhibition celebrates 20th-century images of the city by international photographers Another London :
Wolfgang Suschitzky captured a comedy of manners being played out in a Lyons Corner House on Tottenham Court Road , 1934 Photo :
Tate In the depths of the Great Depression , British photographers recorded scenes of destitution that were all too visible on the streets of London . But some of the most haunting photographs of the period were also taken by visitors from abroad .
Elderly men and women selling matches , cigarettes or singing a music hall ditty for a penny :
these heart-breaking studies by the avant-garde Argentinian photographer Horacio Coppola looked with compassion on Londoners who had lost everything except for their resilience and self-respect .
Coppola noticed fine distinctions between the white-collar and working-class poor , and between those who begged and the ones not yet reduced to that final humiliation .
He saw that a threadbare suit or thin overcoat served to defend a broken man against despair as well as a cold east wind .
Of course , artists from abroad had come here before and brought fresh perspectives to familiar sights .
In the 18th century , the German-born painter Johan Zoffany found a seam of rich comedy in the behaviour of his English sitters , while a century later the American James McNeill Whistler saw beauty in the London fogs most people considered mere pollution .
In the Thirties , the foreign photo-journalists who best captured our strengths and weaknesses on film came here with an open mind and their own point of view .
Of the 41 photographers in Tate Britain's Another London :
International Photographers Capture City Life 1930-1980 , the most interesting for me are the ones who made little distinction between the way they surveyed the urban scene here and how they worked back in Berlin , Vienna , New York or Paris .
For example , when Henri Cartier-Bresson came for the first time in 1937 to photograph the coronation of George VI , he pointed his camera not at the king in his carriage but at the crowds who turned out to cheer the royal progress to and from Westminster Abbey .
Cartier-Bresson chose to do what he did best  capture the quirks and foibles of men and women in the unguarded moments when they do not know they are being observed and so are at their most human .
His lovely shot of two hefty men hoisting a bespectacled old gal on to their shoulders to get a better view of the procession is delightful  but not , as you might at first think , because it is a comical take on the English class system in action .
For the woman is a respectably dressed and proudly patriotic member of the working class and the men who treat her like a queen must be her middle-aged sons .
If Cartier-Bresson brought wry Gallic wit to his composite portrait of Londoners having a good old time , the Austrian photographer Wolfgang Suschitzky's shot of the interior of a Lyons Corner House could as easily have been taken in a Viennese coffee house as on Tottenham Court Road in central London .
Would any British photographer have noticed what was going on between the well-dressed couple seated at the table next to his ?
The photo shows a man and woman who are either out on a date or negotiating a tryst , and the low viewpoint indicates that it was taken surreptitiously , with the camera held in the photographer's lap .
Things are not going well . She looks steadily at him , her face a mask of indifference .
It takes a minute or two to notice that since his hands are not on the table one of them has probably strayed to her knee .
And this in turn gives a whole new meaning to the pronounced arches of her pencilled-in eyebrows .
This is a comedy of manners that would have amused Degas or Manet .
The photographer assumes the role of the worldly flneur or detached observer of the modern scene .
It is not that a British photographer couldn't have taken the picture but that he'd have been too polite or too embarrassed to try .
As you can see from the two examples I've just given , in front of every photo in this show you need to ask yourself what the foreigner saw that you or I might have missed .
In the Thirties the English class system clearly fascinated photographers such as EO Hopp and Ivan Shagin , but in their pictures of stockbrokers or pavement artists they accepted the social order as an inevitable fact of life , like the weather .
By the time Irving Penn came here in the Fifties our costumes and customs looked so weird to his American eye that he decided to document them with an almost anthropological detachment .
His studio photos of two cleaning women or a young cricketer record British tribal customs with the objectivity of Margaret Mead observing Samoan culture .
But there is yet another way to look at this show :
as a history lesson .
The city you see in all but the most recent of these photos is far closer to the one Whistler or Dickens would recognise than the one we know today .
Of course that has a lot to do with the fogs that still shrouded faded buildings and wet streets when Robert Frank visited in 1951 .
But it is also because of the way clothing was used to signify status and profession .
Top hats for stockbrokers , flat caps and chauffeur's livery for the working class ;
furs for ladies , aprons for charladies ;
capes and sensible shoes for nannies , short pants for schoolboys :
everybody knew who everybody else was and where they stood in the pecking order .
On the evidence of these photographs , Levi's , the Gap and Marks &amp; Spencer probably did more to equalise British society than the welfare state .
Speaking of which , if you want to explain recent British history to a teenager , take them to this show .
It's all here and explained in pictures far more eloquently than in any history book :
the Depression , the Blitz , the welfare state , immigration , racism , swinging London , the Silver Jubilee and punk .
The show stops in 1980  that is , with the arrival of Mrs Thatcher and the boom years that followed .
Since that time , the fabric of London life has been utterly and profoundly transformed  and 90 percent of that transformation has been only for the good .
What has changed profoundly for the worse is the way the city looks . The beauty and dignity of the parks and public spaces we see in these photos has been compromised , and for the worst of reasons  commercial gain .
And yet they are still there , and with only a small effort on the part of those who love London could be restored to what they once were .
No one is going to leave this exhibition pining for the good old days , but a lot of us will look at these photos and find it inexplicable that so much of our beautiful city is being lost without a fight .
Parents who search for baby health advice should be warned - nearly half of the information they find may be inaccurate .
Researchers studied the information brought up by Google using the most popular search terms on child sleep safety . They compared the results from 1,300 websites with the American Academy of Pediatrics recommendations on how to reduce the risk of cot death or other accidental sleep-related deaths .
Parents must double-check child safety advice they find online , say experts Key search phrases included ' infant cigarette smoking ' , ' infant sleep position ' , and ' pacifier infant ' .
The study , revealed that only 43.5 percent of the sites provided accurate information , more than a quarter provided irrelevant guidance while 28.1 percent provided inaccurate information .
When the websites that were not relevant were excluded , 39.2 percent of the websites provided inaccurate information .
Study leader Dr Rachel Moon from the Children's National Medical Center in Washington , said : '
It is important for health care providers to realise the extent to which parents may turn to the Internet for information about infant sleep safety and then act on that advice , regardless of the reliability of the source .
' The researchers said government websites were the most accurate getting accurate information with 80.1 percent .
However blogs had the lowest with only 30.9 percent accuracy .
Commenting on the findings , Dr Frisca Yan-Go from UCLA , said many of her patients falsely believed it was safe to sleep in bed with their baby , which could actually result in suffocation .
She told ABC News : ' It's good to have the Internet , but wrong information or bad information is worse than no information ' .
In 2010 , 59 percent of the U.S. population used internet searches for health information , and parents searching for information regarding their children were among the top users .
Seventy two percent of adults thought that they could believe most or all it .
The researchers said they did not want to discourage parents from seeking out information , but advised them to double check their findings .
Charity websites that end in . org or government websites ending in . gov are reputable sources .
Their study is to be published in The Journal of Pediatrics .
Here come my night thoughts On crutches , Returning from studying the heavens .
What they thought about Stayed the same , Stayed immense and incomprehensible .
My mother and father smile at each other Knowingly above the mantel .
The cat sleeps on , the dog Growls in his sleep .
The stove is cold and so is the bed .
Now there are only these crutches To contend with .
while I raise one With difficulty , Swaying on the front porch , While pointing at something In the gray distance .
You see nothing , eh ?
Neither do I , Mr . Milkman .
I better hit you once or twice over the head With this fine old prop , So you don't go off muttering I saw something !
Fangs for the advice :
Men who are reluctant to go to the dentist may change their mind after watching a raunchy advert by the NHS .
The video shows a young woman stripping to her underwear and being seduced by a vampire before knocking him back after smelling his bad breath .
Raunchy advert :
A vampire seduces a young woman but releases a green fog of bad breath The clip was launched by dentists in Northamptonshire and Hampshire , after research revealed a high proportion of 16 to 35 year old men are not getting their teeth checked .
It's a far cry from the straight-laced , informative campaign material used in the past but it is hoped the new , racier advert will be more appealing .
Inspired by the success of the Twilight film series , the video shows a vampire pouncing on his victim , who is clad in just her underwear .
Inappropriate ?
One of the scenes from the video promoting dental health Dental decay :
The young woman is appalled by the vampire's bad breath Enlarge Enlarge The woman switches on the light before berating the vampire for not visiting the dentist The pair then suggestively writhe around on a bed but before the fiend has a chance to sink his teeth in he is knocked back .
The video quickly turns to farce , with the woman becoming repulsed by the vampire's putrid breath .
Findings showed the main motivations for men when it came to looking after their teeth were were having fresh breath , an attractive smile or a fear of their pearly whites falling out .
They were also more likely to brush regularly or go to the dentist when nagged by their mum or girlfriend .
The vampire decides to start brushing his teeth - difficult when he has no reflection It is hoped the bizarre new video will buck the trend by encouraging more young men to think about what affect their teeth is having on their chances of romance .
Simon Bryant , acting associate director of public health for NHS Portsmouth , said : '
Men are traditionally less likely to go to the dentist mainly because they don't think of the long-term health consequences . '
We know this group of men respond well to things that are related to being with a partner , so that's why the clip is about a couple . '
It's an innovative way to try and increase the number of men going to the dentist ' .
OVER the past 15 years striking corporate headquarters have transformed the great cities of the emerging world .
China Central Television's building resembles a giant alien marching across Beijing's skyline ;
the 88 storey Petronas Towers , home to Malaysia's oil company , soar above Kuala Lumpur ;
the gleaming office of VTB , a banking powerhouse , sits at the heart of Moscow's new financial district .
These are all monuments to the rise of a new kind of hybrid corporation , backed by the state but behaving like a private-sector multinational .
State-directed capitalism is not a new idea :
witness the East India Company .
But as our special report this week points out , it has undergone a dramatic revival .
In the 1990s most state-owned companies were little more than government departments in emerging markets ;
the assumption was that , as the economy matured , the government would close or privatise them .
Yet they show no signs of relinquishing the commanding heights , whether in major industries ( the world's ten biggest oil-and-gas firms , measured by reserves , are all state-owned ) or major markets ( state-backed companies account for 80 % of the value of China's stockmarket and 62 % of Russia's . )
And they are on the offensive .
Look at almost any new industry and a giant is emerging :
China Mobile , for example , has 600m customers .
State-backed firms accounted for a third of the emerging world's foreign direct investment in 2003 - 2010 .
With the West in a funk and emerging markets flourishing , the Chinese no longer see state-directed firms as a way-station on the road to liberal capitalism ;
rather , they see it as a sustainable model .
They think they have redesigned capitalism to make it work better , and a growing number of emerging-world leaders agree with them .
The Brazilian government , which embraced privatisation in the 1990s , is now interfering with the likes of Vale and Petrobras , and compelling smaller companies to merge to form national champions .
South Africa is also flirting with the model .
This development raises two questions .
How successful is the model ?
And what are its consequencesboth in , and beyond , emerging markets ?
The law of diminishing returns State capitalism's supporters argue that it can provide stability as well as growth .
Russia's wild privatisation under Boris Yeltsin in the 1990s alarmed many emerging countries and encouraged the view that governments can mitigate the strains that capitalism and globalisation cause by providing not just the hard infrastructure of roads and bridges but also the soft infrastructure of flagship corporations .
So Lee Kuan Yew's government in Singapore , an early exponent of this idea , let in foreign firms and embraced Western management ideas , but also owned chunks of companies .
The leading practitioner is now China .
The tight connection between its government and business will no doubt be on display when the global elite gathers in the Swiss resort of Davos next week .
Among Westerners there , government delegates often take the opposite view to those from the private sector :
Chinese delegates from both sides tend to have the same point of view , and even the same patriotic talking-points .
The new model bears little resemblance to the disastrous spate of nationalisations in Britain and elsewhere half a century ago .
China's infrastructure companies win contracts the world over .
The best national champions are outward-looking , acquiring skills by listing on foreign exchanges and taking over foreign companies .
And governments are selective in their corporate holdings .
Overall , the Chinese state has loosened its grip on the economy :
its bureaucrats concentrate on industries where they can make a difference .
Let a thousand mobiles bloom Yet a close look at the model shows its weaknesses .
When the government favours one lot of companies , the others suffer .
In 2009 China Mobile and another state giant , China National Petroleum Corporation , made profits of $ 33 billion  more than China's 500 most profitable private companies combined .
State giants soak up capital and talent that might have been used better by private companies .
Studies show that state companies use capital less efficiently than private ones , and grow more slowly .
In many countries the coddled state giants are pouring money into fancy towers at a time when entrepreneurs are struggling to raise capital .
Those costs are likely to rise .
State companies are good at copying others , partly because they can use the government's clout to get hold of their technology ;
but as they have to produce ideas of their own they will become less competitive .
State-owned companies make a few big bets rather than lots of small ones ;
the world's great centres of innovation are usually networks of small start-ups .
Nor does the model guarantee stability .
State capitalism works well only when directed by a competent state .
Many Asian countries have a strong mandarin culture ;
South Africa and Brazil do not .
Coal India is hardly an advertisement for efficiency ( see article ) .
And everywhere state capitalism favours well-connected insiders over innovative outsiders .
In China highly educated princelings have taken the spoils .
In Russia a clique of " bureaugarchs , " often former KGB officials , dominate both the Kremlin and business .
Thus the model produces cronyism , inequality and eventually discontent as the Mubaraks ' brand of state capitalism did in Egypt .
Rising powers have always used the state to kick-start growth :
think of Japan and South Korea in the 1950s or Germany in the 1870s or even the United States after the war of independence .
But these countries have , over time , invariably found that the system has limits .
The Chinese of all people should understand that the best way to learn from history is to look at its long sweep .
But it may take many years for the model's weaknesses to become obvious ;
and , in the meantime , it is likely to cause all sorts of problems .
Investors in emerging markets , for instance , need to watch out .
Some may be taking a punt on governments as much as companies .
State-capitalist governments can be capricious , with scant regard for minority shareholders .
Others may find their subsidiaries or joint ventures in emerging markets pitted against state-backed favourites .
Another concern is the impact of the model on the global trading system  which , at a time when the likely Republican nominee for president wants to declare China a currency manipulator on his first day of office , is already at risk .
Ensuring that trade is fair is harder when some companies enjoy the support , overt or covert , of a national government .
Western politicians are beginning to lose patience with state-capitalist powers that rig the system in favour of their own companies .
For emerging countries wanting to make their mark on the world , state capitalism has an obvious appeal .
It gives them the clout that private-sector companies would take years to build .
But its dangers outweigh its advantages .
Both for their own sake , and in the interests of world trade , the practitioners of state capitalism need to start unwinding their huge holdings in favoured companies and handing them over to private investors .
If these companies are as good as they boast they are , then they no longer need the crutch of state support .
Jobs well done :
Apple overtakes Google as the world's most valuable brand 
Thanks to the success of the iPhone , iPod and of course , the iPad , Apple has overtaken Google as the world's most valuable brand , according to a new study .
Apple's victory ends a four-year reign by the Internet search engine .
The brand is now worth 94billion ($ 153 billion , ) almost half its market capitalisation , the study by global brand agency Millward Brown , said .
Trounced :
It's been four years but Steve Jobs ' ( left ) Apple has now overtaken Eric Schmidt's ( right ) Google as the world's most valuable brand Apple's portfolio of coveted consumer goods propelled it past Microsoft to become the world's most valuable technology company last year .
Apple staff lift lid on working for ' corporate dictator ' Steve Jobs Rage no more !
The phone app that tells you where the empty parking spaces are Peter Walshe , global brands director of Millward Brown , said Apple's meticulous attention to detail , along with an increasing presence of its gadgets in corporate environments , has allowed it to behave differently from other consumer-electronics makers .
' It's doing what luxury brands do , where the higher price the brand is , the more it seems to underpin and reinforce the desire .
' Obviously , it has to be allied to great products and a great experience , and Apple has nurtured that ' .
Of the top ten brands in Monday's report , six were technology and telecoms companies : Google was at number two , at number three , Microsoft at number five , AT&amp;T at number seven and China Mobile at number nine .
McDonald's rose two places to number four , as fast food became the fastest-growing category , Coca-Cola slipped one place to number six , while Marlboro was also down one to number eight . General Electric was number ten .
Mr Walshe said demand from China was a major factor in the rise of fast-food brands .
' The Chinese have been discovering fast food and it's such a vast market - Starbucks , McDonald's and pizza has hit China ' , he said .
' The way McDonald's has reinvented itself , adapted its menus , added healthy options , expanding the times of day it can be visited , for example oatmeal for breakfast , that allied with growth in developing markets has really helped that brand .
' Fighting to get one : Ding Wencheng lies injured after being beaten by a man coming out of the Apple Store in Beijing , China as scores rushed to buy the iPad 2 Frenzy :
People queued up outside Apple's Fifth Avenue New York store to get their hands on an iPad 2 in March Nineteen of the top 100 brands came from emerging markets , up from 13 last year .
Facebook entered the top 100 at number 35 with a brand valued at  11.7 billion ($ 19.1billion , ) while Chinese search engine Baidu rose to number 29 from 46 .
Toyota reclaimed its position as the world's most valuable car brand , as it recovered from a bungled 2010 product recall .
The survey was carried out before the March earthquake that caused massive disruption to Japanese supply chains .
The total value of the top 100 brands rose by 17 percent to  1.5trillion ($ 2.4trillion , ) as the global economy shifted to growth .
To my mother , Zula Miller Crichton We are entering a world where the old rules no longer apply .
PHILLIP SANDERS Business is war .
Japanese motto LOS ANGELES POLICE DEPARTMENT CONFIDENTIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERNAL RECORDS Contents :
Transcriptof Video Interrogation Detective Peter J . Smith March 13-15 re :
" Nakamoto Murder " ( A8895 - 404 ) This transcript is the property of the Los AngelesPolice Department and is for internal use only .
Permission to copy , quote from , or otherwise reproduce or reveal the contents of this document is limited by law .
Unauthorized use carries severe penalties .
Direct all inquiries to :
Commanding Officer Internal Affairs Division Los Angeles Police Department PO Box 2029 Los Angeles , CA 92038-2029 Telephone :
( 213 ) 555-7600 Telefax :
( 213 ) 556-7812 Video Interrogation : P . J . Smith 3/13  3/15 Case :
" Nakamoto Murder " Description of interrogation : Subject ( Lt . Smith ) was interrogated for 22 hours over 3 days from Monday , March 13 to Wednesday , March 15 .
Interview was recorded on S-VHS/SD videotape .
Description of image :
Subject ( Smith ) seated at desk in Video Room # 4 , LAPD HQ .
Clock visible on the wall behind subject .
Image includes surface of desk , coffee cup , and Subject from the waist up .
Subject wears coat and tie ( day 1 ) ;
shirt and tie ( day 2 ) ;
and shirt sleeves only ( day 3 . )
Video time code in lower right corner .
Purpose of interrogation :
Clarification of Subject role in " Nakamoto Murder " .
Officers in charge of the interrogation were Det .
T . Conway and Det .
P . Hammond .
Subject waivedhis right to an attorney . Disposition of case :
Filed as " case unsolved " .
Transcript of :
March 13 ( 1 ) INT :
Okay . The tape is running .
State your name for the record , please .
SUBJ :
Peter James Smith .
INT :
State your age and rank .
SUBJ :
I'm thirty-four years old .
Lieutenant , Special Services Division .
Los Angeles Police Department .
INT :
Lieutenant Smith , as you know , you are not being charged with a crime at this time .
SUBJ :
I know .
INT :
Nevertheless you have a right to be representedhere by an attorney .
SUBJ :
I waive that right .
INT :
Okay .
And have you been coerced to come here in any way ?
SUBJ :
( long pause ) No . I have not been coerced in anyway .
INT :
Okay .
Now we want to talk to you about theNakamoto Murder .
When did you first become involved in that case ?
SUBJ :
On Thursday night , February 9 , about nine o'clock .
INT :
What happened at that time ?
SUBJ :
I was at home .
I got a phone call .
And what were you doing at the time you got the call ?
FIRST NIGHT Actually , I was sitting on my bed in my apartment in Culver City , watching the Lakers game with the sound turned off , while I tried to study vocabulary for my introductory Japanese class .
It was a quiet evening ;
Now I had the cassette player on the bed , and the cheerful woman's voice was saying things like , " Hello , I am a police officer .
Can I be of assistance " ?
and " Please show me the menu " .
Sometimes it was hard to concentrate , but I was trying .
" Mr . Hayashi has two children " .
futur . .. "
I swore .
But by then the woman was talking again .
" This drink is not very good at all " .
I had my textbook open on the bed , alongside a Mr . Potato Head I'd put back together for my daughter .
Next to that , a photo album , and the pictures from her second birthday party .
It was four months after Michelle's party , but I still hadn't put the pictures in the album .
You have to try and keep up with that stuff .
" There will be a meeting at two o'clock " .
The pictures on my bed didn't reflect reality any more .
Four months later , Michelle looked completely different .
She was taller ; she'd outgrown the expensive party dress my ex-wifehad bought for her :
black velvet with a white lace collar .
NINE COPENHAGEN 10 :
30 DEROQUEFORT APPROACHED THE BOOKSHOP .
THE PEDESTRIANSONLY street out front was deserted .
Most of the district's many cafs and restaurants were blocks away  this part of the Strget closed for the night .
After tending to his two remaining chores , he planned to leave Denmark .
His physical description , along with those of his two compatriots , had now most likely been obtained from witnesses in the cathedral .
So it was important that they linger no longer than necessary .
He'd brought all four of his subordinates from Roskilde with him and planned to supervise every detail of their action .
There'd been enough improvising for one day , some of which had cost the life of one of his men earlier at the Round Tower .
He did not want to lose anyone else .
Two of his men were already scouting the rear of the bookshop .
The other two stood ready at his side .
Lights burned on the building's top floor .
Good .
He and the owner needed to talk .
MALONE GRABBED A DIET PEPSI FROM THE REFRIGERATOR AND walked down four flights of stairs to the ground floor .
His shop filled the entire building , the first floor for books and customers , the next two for storage , the fourth a small apartment that he called home .
He 'd grown accustomed to the cramped living space , enjoying it far better than the two-thousand-square-foot house he'd once owned in north Atlanta .
Its sale last year , for a little over three hundred thousand dollars , had netted him sixty thousand dollars to invest into his new life , one offered to him by , as Stephanie had early chided , his new Danish benefactor , an odd little man named Henrik Thorvaldsen .
A stranger fourteen months ago , now his closest friend .
They'd connected from the beginning , the older man seeing in the younger somethingwhat , Malone was never sure , but somethingand their first meeting in Atlanta one rainy Thursday evening had sealed both of their futures .
Stephanie had insisted he take a month off after the trial of three defendants in Mexico Citywhich involved international drug smuggling and the execution-style murder of a DEA supervisor who happened to be a personal friend of the president of the United Stateshad resulted in carnage .
Walking back to court during a lunch break , Malone had been caught in the crossfire of an assassination , an act wholly unrelated to the trial , but something he'd tried to stop .
He'd come home with a bullet wound to his left shoulder .
The final tally from the shootingseven dead , nine injured , one of the dead a young Danish diplomat named Cai Thorvaldsen .
" I came to speak with you in person " , Henrik Thorvaldsen had said .
They were sitting in Malone's den .
His shoulder hurt like hell .
He didn't bother to ask how Thorvaldsen had located him , or how the older man knew that he understood Danish .
" My son was precious to me " , Thorvaldsen said . " When he joined our diplomatic corps I was thrilled .
He asked for the assignment to Mexico City .
He was a student of the Aztecs .
He would have made a worthy member of our Parliament one day . A statesman " .
A swirl of first impressions raced through Malone's mind .
Thorvaldsen was certainly high bred with an air of distinction , at once elegant and rakish .
But the sophistication was in stark contrast to a deformed body , his spine humped in a grotesque exaggeration and stiff , shaped like an egret .
A leathery face suggested a lifetime of impossible choices , the wrinkles more like deep clefts , the crow's-feet sprouting legs , liver spots and forked veins discoloring the arms and hands .
Pewter-colored hair was piled thick and bushy and matched the eyebrowsdull silver wisps that made the older man look anxious .
Only in the eyes was there passion .
Gray-blue , strangely clairvoyant , one flawed from a star-shaped cataract .
" I came to meet the man who shot my son's killer " .
" Why " ?
he asked .
" To thank you " .
" You could have called " .
" I prefer to face my listener " .
" At the moment , I prefer to be left alone " .
" I understand you were nearly killed " .
He shrugged .
" And you are quitting your job .
Resigning your commission .
Retiring from the military " .
" You know an awful lot " .
" Knowledge is the greatest of luxuries " .
He was not impressed .
" Thanks for the pat on the back .
I have a hole in my shoulder that's throbbing .
So since you've said your peace , could you leave " ?
Thorvaldsen never moved from the sofa .
He simply stared around at the den and the surrounding rooms visible through an open archway .
Every wall was sheathed in books .
The house seemed nothing but a backdrop for the shelves .
" I love them , too " , his guest said .
" My home is likewise full of books .
I've collected them all my life " .
He could sense that this man , sixty-plus years old , was given to grandiose tactics .
He'd noticed when answering the door that he'd arrived via a limousine .
So he wanted to know , " How did you know I speak Danish " ?
" You speak several languages .
I was proud to learn that my native tongue was one " .
Not an answer , but had he really expected one ?
" Your eidetic memory must be a blessing .
Mine has gone the way of age .
I can hardly remember much anymore " .
He doubted that .
" What do you want " ?
" Have you considered your future " ?
He motioned around the room .
" Thought I'd open an old-book shop .
Got plenty to sell " .
" Excellent idea .
I have one for sale , if you'd like it " .
He decided to play along .
What the hell .
But there was something about the tight points of light in the old man's eyes that told him his visitor was not joking .
Hard flinty hands searched a suit coat pocket and Thorvaldsen laid a business card on the sofa .
" My private number .
If you're interested , call me " .
The old man stood .
On the morning of March 12th , Osama ben Sadik , a volunteer ambulance driver , arrived for duty at the Red Crescent clinic in Brega , an oil-refinery town in eastern Libya .
The uprising against Muammar Qaddafi had turned from a protest movement into a shooting war , and casualties were expected .
But no one in Brega had a clear idea of what was happening on the battlefield , not even the few fighters fidgeting by a new barricade outside the refinery's front gate .
Six days earlier , Qaddafi's armored columns had halted the rebels on their ill-planned , euphoric advance westward toward Tripoli .
Bloodied and outgunned , the rebels , a leaderless rabble of university students , mechanics , shopkeepers , and Army reservists , had been falling back ever since .
After a standoff on the coastal road that ran past Ras Lanuf , another oil-refinery town , eighty miles to the west , the rebels had buckled under heavy fire and made a panicked retreat .
It seemed obvious that the small desert town of Brega would be the next target of Qaddafi's forces .
At the clinic , most of the medical staff had evacuated after an ambulance was hit by a shell , killing one of their doctors and several nurses . A lone doctor remained , along with Osama , who was friendly .
A rangy man of forty-eight with warm brown eyes and an aquiline face that resembled a beardless Abraham Lincoln's .
To aid the war effort , he and some friends had adapted a Toyota Land Cruiser pickup into a mobile emergency-treatment center .
The vehicle , painted white with a red crescent , was parked at the clinic entrance , where Osama was busily cleaning it .
When I asked Osama how he had learned English , he said , " I'm from Martinsville , Virginia " .
He was Libyan , but his wife , Suzi , was half American .
At one time Libyan Arab Airlines engineer , Osama had , with Suzi , raised four children in Benghazi .
But in the nineties , with Libya isolated by international sanctions because of Qaddafi's refusal to hand over suspects in the 1988 Lockerbie bombing , Osama had struggled to make a living .
In 2007 , after the sanctions had been lifted , he moved with his family to Henry County , Virginia , near where Suzi's mother lived .
There , he found he could make money by exporting construction equipment to Benghazi , and he flew back and forth to supervise the business .
With pride , Osama told me that he had become a U.S. citizen , and was now a member of Henry County's volunteer fire department .
His wife and their two young daughters were in Virginia , he explained , but he and his two sons were in Libya , doing whatever they could for the revolution .
While Osama was driving his improvised ambulance , his younger son , Yousef , a seventeen-year-old high-school student who was living in Benghazi with a relative , was taking part in the rallies held daily in front of the revolution's headquarters , a beat-up courthouse on the city's seafront promenade .
Muhannad , his elder son , a twenty-one-year-old medical student , was fighting at the front .
Osama's description of Muhannad reminded me that a few days before , in Ras Lanuf , I had noticed a young Libyan - American fighter , fair-haired and blue-eyed . He was wearing a mujahideen-style pakul cap , and he waved and smiled at me from a jeep that was making its way to the front line .
I asked Osama if his son had light hair and wore an Afghan cap , and he beamed : " Yes , that's him !
That's my son " .
Osama lamented the inexperience of rebels like Muhannad and his friends .
Qaddafi's soldiers were largely veterans and mercenaries , backed up with significant artillery , most of it Soviet-era .
The rebels , by contrast , had set up a base in Benghazi where Army veterans gave volunteers a brief training in how to load , clean , and fire a Kalashnikov ; many fighters did not get even this rudimentary instruction .
Osama said , " The boys at the front , some of them have never seen a gun before " .
Qaddafi had appeared on TV and called the rebels " cockroaches " , swearing to hunt them down " house by house " .
Osama concluded , " It's no longer only about freedom now , this revolution ; it's about survival , and protecting one's family " .
Earlier that morning , he told me , a middle-aged man from the distant town of Tobruk had driven up to the clinic and asked him how to get to Al Uqaylah , a small way station twenty-five miles down the road .
but the man said that his safety was of no importance :
he was going to Al Uqaylah to look for his son 's body .
His son , a rebel volunteer , had gone off to fight at the front line .
After not hearing from him for several days , he called his cell phone , and a stranger answered .
When the father identified himself , the stranger told him , " No , I 'm not your son .
Fuck your son .
He has no head " .
Osama's face contorted .
He said , " The man wept and he asked me again , ' Where is Al Uqaylah ?
' " Osama grabbed my arm and said , " My daughters , they're only eight and twelve , and my wifeyou can't imagine how terrified and worried she is .
I can't let them see me cry " .
He leaned into me and quietly sobbed .
Osama had flown from Virginia to Benghazi in mid-February , when the demonstrations against the authorities there suddenly turned violent .
Following the successful revolts in Tunisia and Egypt , Libya's own " day of rage " was scheduled for February 17th , but in Benghazi  the country's second-largest city , and a longtime opposition stronghold protests erupted early .
Qaddafi dispatched his brother-in-law Abdullah Senussi , the country's intelligence chief , and his son Saadi , a businessman , to subdue the city .
But Senussi blundered :
he arrested a human-rights lawyer named Fathi Terbil , who represented the families of an estimated twelve hundred political prisoners who had been massacred in Tripoli's Abu Salim prison in 1996an episode in which Senussi was personally implicated .
Benghazi exploded in protests , and though Terbil was quickly freed , his release did nothing to stop their momentum .
The authorities enlisted groups of seasoned fighters from Mali , Chad , Niger , and elsewhere ; assisted by security forces , they beat and shot protesters , killing dozens .
Watching from the United States , Osama worried about the safety of his sons , who were both in Benghazi . " Muhannad was already helping out the demonstrators "
His son was strong-willed , he told me , adding , " I knew that he was capable of doing something crazy " .
On February 17th , Muhannad telephoned Osama . " He said to me , ' Dad , I need your blessing , because fighting has started now , and they are killing my friends .
I must join in ' .
I asked him to wait . I said , ' Let me give you my blessing to your face ' . "
He flew at once to Benghazi .
" It was the last flight before they closed the airport " .
By the time Osama arrived , Benghazi's uprising had become a full-scale insurrection , with hundreds of protesters rioting in front of the city's infamous Katiba , the main security garrison .
The violence had also spread to other cities throughout coastal Libya .
22nd , as the situation deteriorated , Qaddafi's interior minister and longtime confidant Abdel Fattah Younes announced that he and his contingent of special-forces troops were switching sides .
His forces helped take over the embattled Katiba , allowing the rioters to enter it , and , ultimately , to sack and burn it .
Within hours , rebels had set fire to Benghazi's police stations and Army barracks and looted their arsenals .
In the chaos , a thousand prisoners escaped from the city's prison .
The shabab , the youths who made up the hard core of the rebel fighters , torched the old Italianate town hall , where , in 1951 , King Idris I had announced the nation's independence .
They also set fire to a villa owned by the city's fugitive mayor , Huda Ben Amer , reviled for stepping forward during the public hanging of a young dissident in 1984 and tugging on the victim's feet as he writhed on the rope .
The rioters appropriated hundreds of new Chinese-made pickups from a stockyard and fitted them with heavy machine guns and anti-aircraft guns .
After a week of protests , at least two hundred and thirty people had been killed in Benghazi , most of them by the security forces .
At first , Osama joined the crowds that gathered every day in front of the Benghazi courthouse .
Inside , an ad-hoc alliance of lawyers , students , professors , and businesspeople was struggling to create a semblance of order by forming a leadership council .
The council named a political-science professor as its education minister ( though the schools were all closed ) and a human-rights lawyer as its official spokesman .
Outside the courthouse , a festive , anarchic atmosphere prevailed . Tents sprang up , with volunteers inside offering free food , coffee , and first aid ;
one hosted an exhibition of anti-Qaddafi cartoons , portraying him as a vampire , a madman , and a dog .
A young Libyan set up a live Web stream on the courthouse roof , and a posse of students opened a media office inside a burned-out secret-police building .
By the end of February , rebels had assumed control of a series of coastal cities throughout the east .
Soon after , military units operating out of Qaddafi's tribal stronghold of Surt , halfway along the coast toward Tripoli , began advancing on the " liberated " territory .
They struck first in Brega , on March 2nd , and were repulsed after a day of combat in which about a dozen civilian volunteers from Benghazi were killed .
Osama decided that he needed to do more :
" I could see that this is war now , and it is necessary to help " .
Since then , Osama had undergone a transformation .
" Before I left Libya , there was nothing left for me here " , he said . " Now , when I see the sea , I smell a different air .
I can see the sky , blue ; I have never seen it so beautiful " .
He said that his friends in Martinsville had appealed to him not to go to Libya .
" I reminded them that Henry County was named after Patrick Henryand remember what he said , ' Give me liberty or give me death ? '
Well , that's what we're facing here . I'd like to see my country have some of the freedom that America has " .
Osama's eyes shone . " You know , my son Muhannad has showed me what it is to be a man . He woke me up " .
On February 25th , a ship had evacuated American citizens to Malta .
" I told him to go and join his mother in the States , but he said , ' No , Dad , I must stay .
' He 's a great guy , a basketball player , you know . And a Boy Scout " .
Near Ras Lanuf , I had seen teen-agers with kerchiefs around their necks helping doctors rush wounded men into the overwhelmed emergency ward , but it didn't occur to me that they might be actual Boy Scouts .
Osama explained that Qaddafi had once banned the Scouts as an insidious Western influence but later allowed them to remerge .
After the uprising , most police disappeared from the streets , and tens of thousands of migrant workers fled the country .
Scouts stepped in to fill public-service jobs , helping at the hospitals , sorting out aid supplies , even directing traffic .
It was Muhannad's Scout membership that drew him into the uprising .
" Remember the Scout oath " ?
Osama asked . " Duty to God and to your country , and to help others " .
Wonder and Mystery above the Very Large Telescopes Credit :
Yuri Beletsky ( ESO ) Explanation :
What's that bright orange dot above the large telescope on the right ?
Even seasoned sky enthusiasts might ponder the origin of the orange orb seen by scrolling across this panoramic image , taken last December .
Perhaps identifying known objects will help .
To start , on the far left is a diagonal band of light known as zodiacal light , sunlight reflected off of dust orbiting in the inner Solar System .
The bright white spot on the left , just above the horizon , is Venus , which also glows by reflected sunlight .
Rising diagonally from the ground to the right of Venus is the band of our Milky Way Galaxy .
In the image , the band , which usually stretches dramatically overhead , appears to arch above the elevated Chile an landscape .
Under the Milky Way arch , toward the left , lie both the Large and Small Magellanic Cloud galaxies , while toward the right lies the constellation of Orion surrounded by the red ring of Barnard's Loop .
On the ground , each of the four Very Large Telescopes is busy keeping an eye on the distant universe .
The orange spot -- it's the Moon .
The image was taken during a total lunar eclipse when the normally bright full moon turned into a faint orb tinted orange by the intervening Earth's atmosphere .
Grasshoppers And Motivation Posted :
Motivation is the fuel necessary to keep the human engine running .
Zig Ziglar Where do you draw your motivation from ?
What motivates you ?
Who motivates you ?
Is it from a book , a friend , a blog , a video , a song ?
Come on , I dare you .
Limited Thinking I believe we , including myself , limit ourselves .
We live in the proverbial " box " and rarely move to a point of allowing ourselves to be motivated by the unusual .
Maybe it's not as much allowing ourselves but more that it's not realizing that we CAN be motivated by the unusual .
My Eyes Were Opened to the Unusual My eyes were opened the other day to an unusual motivation .
I'm training for a triathlon and an upcoming 550-mile adventure cycling trip .
I live in Texas and the heat in the summer here can be unbearable .
I'm not unlike most of you in that I have my days that I just don't want to .
Just don't want to write , just don't want to get up early , just don't want to work , just don't want to ( you fill in the blank . )
This was a day I didn't want to train .
It was hot .
I had more things to get done then I had time .
I wasn't felling it .
Oh boy , here come the excuses now and I came up with some good ones .
Slapping myself out of my daze of excuses , I reluctantly convinced myself that getting out there would be worth it .
Knowing that at any moment I could cave to the weakness of another excuse , I hurried to get out the door .
I'm actually laughing at myself right now because I was a poor sight .
I was like a child being told to clean up my room .
I kicked , screamed and made it obvious that I didn't want to do this .
I do 20  30 mile training rides .
My route takes me through some beautiful horse and cattle country .
Something we deal with in Texas in early summer in the country is the grasshoppers .
They're everywhere and on a country road they can be annoying .
You can see them sitting on the road just waiting to leap .
When they take off they're like a guided missile . They will hit you in the face , on the leg , bounce off the bike and get stuck in your shirt .
Did I mention that I didn't want to do this today ?
As I rode I was getting more pissed off at these grasshoppers .
It was like they were playing with me .
It was their mission to destroy me .
They wanted to hold me back .
They wanted to defeat me .
They wanted me to turn around and never tread on their road again .
Then it hit me . One big fat damn grasshopper did it .
That's it .
I will not be defeated .
I will not cave to the sting of your hit .
I will not turn around .
I will challenge you and I will WIN .
Bring it grasshopper .
I'll take another one sir .
I Will Never Be the Same Oh man , that grasshopper ride changed my life .
Seriously , I know I sound crazy but it opened my thinking to what CAN motivate me .
I was stuck relying on the usual motivational stuff . A book , video , someone's blog post .
What Motivates You ?
Do you limit your motivational thinking ?
Do you open yourself to the unusual ?
What are the possibilities of using what you got to get what you want ?
Right now take out a piece of paper and start to write down the possible unusual things that motivate you .
Here's my list that I will be adding to .
It's my list with no explanation so some of them will not make sense to you but they do to me .
In my list are some obvious usual things but be sure to include as many unusual things as possible . 
Clocks  The Bible  My kids  Money  Writing  Peoples problems  Music  Books  Videos  Stories  The time 11 : 11  Airports  My past  My future  My mistakes  My failures  Rude people  The TV shows , Undercover Boss , The Biggest Loser  Cycling  Coaching  Birth  My Mom dying from cancer  Grasshoppers What do you think ?
What's the most unusual thing that motivates you ?
Got a grasshopper in your life ?
May 8 , 2011 Annecy , France Photograph by Danuta Rajpold , My Shot This Month in Photo of the Day : Travel and Adventure Photos A small street in Annecy , France , in late afternoon .
